{
    "ADD-ADHD": {
        "Which blood pressure drugs are used to treat ADHD?": "Some drugs normally taken for high blood pressure, like clonidine (Kapvay) and guanfacine hcl (Tenex), may help control symptoms of ADHD.",
        "Can Effexor or Effexor XR help ADHD?": "Venlafaxine (Effexor and Effexor XR) is a newer antidepressant that boosts the levels of norepinephrine and serotonin in the brain. It helps improve mood and concentration. It's not often used to treat ADHD, though.",
        "How do antidepressants treat ADHD?": "Antidepressants seem to improve attention span, impulse control, hyperactivity, and aggressiveness. Children and teens who take them are often more willing to take direction and are less disruptive.",
        "What are the risks of using antidepressants for ADHD?": "In October 2004, the FDA determined that antidepressant medications raise the risk of suicidal thinking and behavior in children and teens with depression and other psychiatric disorders. Discuss any questions or concerns with your doctor.",
        "How similar is Ritalin to cocaine?": "In large doses -- greater than what is typically prescribed for ADHD -- Ritalin does have effects similar to those of cocaine. However, researchers have found marked differences between the two drugs. One of the factors that leads to addiction and drug abuse is how quickly a drug raises dopamine levels. The faster dopamine levels go up, the greater the potential for abuse. One researcher found that Ritalin takes about an hour to raise dopamine levels in the brain, compared to only seconds with inhaled cocaine. The doses of Ritalin and other stimulants used to treat ADHD tend to be lower and longer-acting, which reduces the risk of addiction. Long-term use of all stimulants can sometimes lead to a phenomenon called tolerance -- that is, higher doses are needed to achieve the same effect of a controlled substance. If and when this happens, a doctor may then be more likely to consider using nonstimulant medicines to treat ADHD.",
        "Does generic Adderall have the same side effects as the brand-name version?": "Adderall is the trade name for a combination of two drugs: dextroamphetamine and amphetamine. If you take a generic version of Adderall, those two drug names will be on your medicine bottle. The generic costs less, but that\ufffds about the only difference you\ufffdll notice. Generic dextroamphetamine/amphetamine has the same risk of side effects as brand-name Adderall. It provides the same benefits, too.",
        "What is an Adderall crash?": "An Adderall crash happens if you stop the drug after you\u2019ve used it for a long time or after you\u2019ve been taking a high dose. If you have sleepiness, doing that suddenly instead of having a doctor slowly wean you off of it can make it worse.",
        "How long will the effect of Concerta last?": "Concerta is the brand name for methylphenidate hydrochloride extended-release tablets. The medicine gets into your system slowly, and the effects can last up to 12 hours. One pill in the morning is meant to help manage your ADHD symptoms through the whole school or work day.",
        "What happens when you stop taking Adderall?": "When you quit taking the drug, your dopamine levels drop and your body and brain have to adjust to the change. Most people who take it as instructed don\u2019t have any issues if they take a break from it. But if you use it too often or take too much, you might notice some effects when you stop.",
        "If Adderall is a stimulant, how can it make some people sleepy?": "Adderall boosts your levels of serotonin, norepinephrine, and dopamine. These are neurotransmitters in your brain that calm and relax you so you can focus better. They also affect sleep in different ways. That may be the reason the drug causes drowsiness in some but not others. In studies, 2% to 4% of kids who took the drug had low energy and sleepiness. For adults, it was 6%.",
        "What are the common side effects of bupropion?": "Bupropion is an antidepressant that may help with ADHD symptoms. Possible side effects of bupropion are:",
        "Which specific drugs are considered stimulants?": "Stimulants include:",
        "What anger issues might adult ADHD cause?": "ADHD often leads to problems with controlling emotions. Many people with adult ADHD are quick to explode over minor problems. Often, they feel as if they have no control over their emotions. Many times, their anger fades as quickly as it flared, long before the people who dealt with the outburst have gotten over the incident.",
        "What happens if someone develops a tolerance to ADHD medication?": "Long-term use of all stimulants can sometimes lead to a phenomenon called tolerance -- that is, when a person needs higher doses of a certain drug to achieve the same effects. If and when this happens, a doctor might consider prescribing non-stimulant medicines to treat ADHD.",
        "How is Ritalin different from cocaine?": "In large doses -- greater than what is typically prescribed for ADHD -- Ritalin does have effects similar to those of cocaine. However, researchers have found marked differences between the two drugs. One of the factors that leads to addiction and drug abuse is how quickly a drug raises dopamine levels. The faster dopamine levels go up, the greater the potential for abuse. One researcher found that Ritalin takes about an hour to raise dopamine levels in the brain, compared to only seconds with inhaled cocaine. The doses of Ritalin and other stimulants used to treat ADHD tend to be lower and longer-acting, which reduces the risk of addiction.",
        "What foods contain salicylates?": "Some foods that have salicylates include:",
        "What is the Behavior Assessment System for Children?": "The Behavior Assessment System for Children (BASC) is a test that looks for things like hyperactivity, aggression, and conduct problems. It also looks for anxiety, depression, attention and learning problems, as well as the lack of certain essential skills.",
        "Who should take clonidine and guanfacine for ADHD?": "Clonidine ER (Kapvay) and Guanfacine ER (Intuniv) are approved for children between the ages of 6 and 17. Doctors also prescribe them to adults. These two drugs have an effect on certain areas in the brain. Studies show they lower distractibility and improve attention, working memory, and impulse control.",
        "What is the Child Behavior Checklist/Teacher Report Form?": "The Child Behavior Checklist/Teacher Report Form (CBCL) is a scale that looks at physical complaints, aggressive or delinquent behavior, and withdrawal.",
        "Is it safe to take blood pressure drugs with stimulants to treat ADHD?": "Combining a stimulant with a blood pressure medication can be risky: Some children taking both stimulants and clonidine HCL have died. It's unclear whether their deaths were due to the combination of drugs."
    },
    "ADHD in Children Health Center": {
        "At what age do kids usually see a doctor for oppositional defiant disorder?": "Your doctor will also probably wait until your child is at least 4 to diagnose oppositional defiant disorder. This kind of behavior can be normal at 2 or 3 years old, but it becomes a problem if it continues as your child gets older. Your doctor will want to wait to make a firm diagnosis of oppositional defiant disorder until your child\u2019s behavior is more extreme than what is age-appropriate.",
        "Which foods are high in zinc?": "Foods high in zinc include oysters and other seafood, red meat, poultry, dairy products, beans, nuts, whole grains, and fortified cereals.",
        "What can happen if ADHD is left untreated?": "Children with ADHD often have trouble functioning at home and in school and can have difficulty making and keeping friends. If left untreated, ADHD may interfere with school and work, as well as with social and emotional development."
    },
    "Acne": {
        "How do you treat an inflamed pimple?": "The treatment usually depends on how serious the problem is. For instance, if you have an occasional inflamed pimple, you may use skin compounds containing:",
        "What happens when blocked pores on your face become infected or inflamed?": "If blocked pores become infected or inflamed, a pimple -- a raised red spot with a white center -- forms. If the pore clogs, closes, and then bulges, you have a whitehead. A blackhead occurs when the pore clogs, stays open, and the top has a blackish appearance due to oxidation or exposure to air. (This has nothing to do with skin being \"dirty\").",
        "How does sun exposure affect acne?": "The sun's ultraviolet rays can increase inflammation and redness, and can cause post-inflammatory hyperpigmentation (dark discoloration). Some acne medications may make your skin more sensitive to sunlight. Limit your time in the sun, especially between the hours of 10 a.m. and 4 p.m., and wear protective clothing, such as a long-sleeved shirt, pants, and a broad-brimmed hat. Whether you have pimples or not, always apply a broad-spectrum sunscreen with 6% zinc oxide or higher and  SPF 30 or higher at least 20 minutes before sun exposure. Look for \"noncomedogenic\" on the sunscreen label to make new pimples less likely. Read the ingredients on the product label to know what you're putting on your skin.",
        "Will my acne ever go away?": "Most often, acne will go away on its own at the end of puberty, but some people still struggle with acne in adulthood. Almost all acne can be successfully treated, however. It\u2019s a matter of finding the right treatment for you.",
        "Why do some people get acne and others don't?": "It is not clear why some people are more prone to acne than others.",
        "How effective are alternative treatments for acne?": "Many people swear by alternative acne treatments. But the American Academy of Dermatology (AAD) says that \"all-natural supplements\" have not been shown to be effective, and some may even be harmful. The AAD also states that there is no evidence that any dietary regimen has an effect on acne."
    },
    "Adult Vaccines": {
        "How common is pertussis?": "Pertussis is the only vaccine-preventable disease that continues to rise in the U.S. Before 2005, only young children could receive the pertussis vaccine. Waning immunity and inadequate vaccination -- many parents choose not to vaccinate their children -- have led to a resurgence of the disease in the U.S. in recent years. Outbreaks of pertussis among adolescents and adults have been reported in several states.",
        "What are the side effects and risks of Tdap and Td vaccine?": "Like all medicines, vaccines can have side effects. However, the chance of a life-threatening reaction is small. The CDC says the dangers of developing pertussis, tetanus, or diphtheria far outweigh the risks of vaccination.",
        "When should I get the Tdap vaccine?": "You may be given the Tdap vaccine if you have a severe cut or burn and have never received a dose before. Severe cuts or burns raise your risk of getting tetanus.",
        "What is tetanus?": "Tetanus is a bacterial infection caused by a wound or cut. It affects the brain and nervous system and causes extremely painful muscle spasms. Spasms of the jaw can make it impossible for you to open your mouth. This condition is often called \"lockjaw.\" Tetanus kills one out of five people infected with the disease.",
        "Which adults should get the Tdap vaccine?": "The CDC recommends the Tdap vaccine for all adults ages 19 and older who have never received the vaccine, especially:",
        "What are the ingredients of human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccine?": "The HPV vaccine contains no viruses and is not made from human papillomavirus. The active ingredients in the HPV vaccine are proteins that are similar to those found in the human papillomavirus. Genetically modified bacteria produce the proteins, which are then purified and mixed into a sterile, water-based solution.",
        "What are signs of severe allergic reaction to influenza vaccine?": "Although it's rare, someone may have a severe allergic reaction to an ingredient in the vaccine. Most of the time, such reactions occur within a few minutes to a few hours of receiving the vaccine. The following can be signs of a severe allergic reaction:",
        "What are the symptoms of human papillomavirus (HPV)?": "Human papillomavirus is spread through sexual contact. Some types of HPV cause genital warts. Others can give you cancer. When you catch HPV, you won\u2019t have sore throat, fever, or other signs that you\u2019re infected. Most people clear the infection on their own. In fact, you might have absolutely no idea you've been infected until you develop genital warts or have an abnormal Pap test.",
        "What is the human papillomavirus (HPV)?": "HPV stands for human papillomavirus. It's a virus that can be transmitted through sexual contact. During intercourse or oral sex, HPV can make its way into the genitals, mouth, or throat and cause infection.",
        "How common is human papillomavirus (HPV)?": "HPV infection is extremely common; most sexually active people will be infected with HPV at some point in life. HPV infection usually causes no symptoms, but can cause genital warts and anal cancer in both women and men. HPV can also cause throat cancer.",
        "What is pertussis?": "Pertussis, or whooping cough, is an extremely contagious respiratory infection that can lead to severe breathing problems, especially in infants. Pertussis first appears like an ordinary cold, but then causes intense, uncontrollable coughing spells. You'll hear a \"whoop\" noise when you try to take a breath after coughing.",
        "Can adults have severe allergic reactions to Tdap or Td vaccines?": "Although it's rare, someone may have a severe allergic reaction to an ingredient in the Tdap or Td vaccine. This generally happens in fewer than one in a million doses. Most of the time, such reactions occur within a few minutes of receiving the vaccine.",
        "What is Tdap and Td vaccine?": "Tdap is a combination vaccine that protects against three potentially life-threatening bacterial diseases: tetanus, diphtheria, and pertussis (whooping cough). Td is a booster vaccine for tetanus and diphtheria. It does not protect against pertussis.",
        "What are the side effects of the Td vaccine?": "Mild side effects of the Td vaacine may include:",
        "What are the mild side effects of Tdap vaccine?": "Mild side effects of Tdap may include:",
        "What are the severe side effects of human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccine?": "Severe side effects, or adverse events, are uncommonly reported and have included:",
        "What are the side effects of a tetanus shot?": "Sometimes the vaccine can cause mild side effects. These may include:",
        "Can pregnant women get a tetanus shot?": "Yes. In fact, current guidelines recommend that women receive a Tdap vaccine each time they get pregnant, specifically to prevent pertussis. Wait to get the vaccine if you have a moderate to severe acute illness.",
        "How do you get tetanus?": "You can't get it from another person. You can get it through a cut or other wound. Tetanus bacteria live in soil, dust, and manure. The bacteria can infect you even through a tiny scratch. But you're more likely to get it through deep punctures from wounds created by nails or knives. The bacteria travel via your blood or nerves to the central nervous system."
    },
    "Allergies": {
        "How often do you need to use a neti pot to get relief from sinus symptoms?": "In studies, people suffering from daily sinus symptoms found relief from using the Neti pot or other nasal irrigation system daily. Three times a week was often enough once symptoms subsided.",
        "What is nasal packing?": "Depending on the extent of the procedure, you may need what\u2019s called nasal packing. This is when your doctor places gauze-like material in the nasal cavity to absorb blood or other fluids right after surgery. They will take them out at your next follow-up appointment. There are also dissolvable packing materials that don\u2019t need to be removed.",
        "What is a balloon sinuplasty for sinusitis?": "Balloon sinuplasty is a type of sinus surgery. If your doctor doesn\u2019t need to remove anything from your sinuses, you may be a good candidate for it.",
        "Is a neti pot safe?": "Research has found that the Neti pot is generally safe. A small number of regular users experience mild side effects, such as nasal irritation and stinging. Nosebleeds can also occur, but they are rare. Reducing the amount of salt in the solution, adjusting the frequency of Neti pot use, and changing the temperature of the water may help to reduce side effects.",
        "What eye drops are mast cell stabilizers?": "Over-the-counter mast cell stabilizer drops include: \ufffdKetotifen fumarate (Claritin Eye, Refresh Eye Itch Relief)",
        "How do antihistamine pills and eye drops used to treat eye allergies?": "Antihistamine pills and liquids work by blocking histamine to relieve watery, itchy eyes. They include cetirizine (Zyrtec), diphenhydramine (Benadryl), fexofenadine (Allegra), or loratadine (Alavert, Claritin), among others. Some may cause drowsiness.",
        "How are steroids used to treat allergies?": "Steroids, also called corticosteroids, can lower swelling that comes with allergies. They prevent and treat sneezing and stuffy, runny, or itchy nose. They also help with red, itchy eyes. These drugs can be used for allergies, hay fever, and asthma. They come in pills, nose sprays, inhalers, eye drops, or skin creams. Steroids work very well, but must be taken regularly and often when you don\u2019t have symptoms. It may take 1-2 weeks for the medication to kick in fully.",
        "What prescription antihistamines are available?": "Prescription antihistamines include:",
        "What are types of tree nuts?": "Tree nuts include:",
        "What types of foods have nuts?": "Peanuts or tree nuts are in many foods. Take care to avoid them if you are allergic to nuts. Examples include:",
        "How should you blow your nose if you have stuffy ears and sinuses?": "Blow your nose gently. Block one nostril while you blow through the other.",
        "What's the difference between sulfa allergies and sulfite allergies?": "A sulfa allergy sounds like a sulfite allergy, but they\u2019re very different. Sulfa drugs treat health conditions. Sulfites are preservatives used in many foods, drinks (especially wine), and medications.",
        "Is there a test that can tell you if you're allergic to nickel?": "Your doctor can often diagnose a nickel allergy by looking at your skin and asking if you\u2019ve touched anything metal.",
        "Which steroids are used to treat allergies?": "Some steroids include:",
        "How do I keep my sore throat moist?": "Soothe your sore throat by sipping plenty of liquids to stay hydrated. Warm drinks -- not hot ones -- also help. Try broth or herbal tea with honey or lemon. Caffeinated drinks like coffee or soda may dehydrate you, so skip them.",
        "How can steroids help with sinusitis?": "In some cases, your doctor may prescribe inhaled steroids to bring down the swelling in the sinus membranes. For tough cases of chronic sinusitis, you may need to take steroids by mouth.",
        "What is the difference between lactose intolerance and a milk allergy?": "Lactose intolerance is when you can't digest lactose, the sugar found in dairy products. You'll often get symptoms like stomach pain, gas, and diarrhea.",
        "What are some home remedies for sinusitis?": "You can:",
        "What are acute and chronic sinusitis?": "Acute sinusitis is inflammation that lasts up to four weeks. Chronic sinusitis lasts at least several weeks and can linger for years. Its cause can be hard to pin down -- and hard to treat. Sinusitis might start because of a cold or allergies. Fungus can cause it for people who have weak immune systems. Sometimes, chronic sinusitis happens because of problems with the structure of the nasal passages, or a growth such as a nasal polyp that keeps the sinuses from draining normally. Acute and chronic sinusitis have similar symptoms:",
        "How is a nickel allergy treated?": "Once a nickel allergy develops, it often lasts your whole life. But there are ways to ease your symptoms.",
        "What combination allergy drugs are used for allergies?": "Some allergy drugs contain both an antihistamine and a decongestant to relieve multiple allergy symptoms. Other drugs have multiple effects aside from just blocking the effects of histamine, such as preventing mast cells from releasing other allergy-inducing chemicals. Some examples of combination allergy medicines include:",
        "What are the side effects of steroids for allergies?": "Steroids are drugs that can lower swelling that comes with allergies, asthma, and similar conditions. This medication when taken by mouth can cause side effects that include:",
        "When is surgery needed for sinusitis?": "Occasionally, if you have chronic sinusitis or acute sinusitis that keeps coming back, an operation may be the best choice. The surgeon can remove blockages and enlarge the sinus passages, which makes it easier for them to drain."
    },
    "Alzheimers": {
        "What are the symptoms of Lewy body dementia (LBD)?": "Not everyone will have the same warning signs of Lewy body dementia. They often depend on the type of LBD you have. They might be mild or get worse at times.",
        "Can Alzheimer's disease be cured?": "There is no cure for Alzheimer's disease. Once a person starts showing signs -- memory loss and problems with learning, judgment, communication, and daily life -- there aren\u2019t any treatments that can stop or reverse them.",
        "What are the signs of sundowning?": "When someone is sundowning, they may be:",
        "What causes Lewy body dementia (LBD)?": "Lewy bodies, named after the scientist who discovered them, are made of a protein called alpha-synuclein. When they build up, they keep your brain from making the right amount of two important chemicals. One of them, called acetylcholine, affects your memory and learning. The other, called dopamine, affects how you move, your mood, and your sleep.",
        "What are side effects of cholinesterase inhibitors for the treatment of dementia?": "This drug may be prescribed for Alzheimer\u2019s disease that isn\u2019t too severe yet, as well as other types of dementia. Most people don\u2019t have side effects. But some do have:",
        "How can memantine help with treating dementia?": "This drug may be prescribed for Alzheimer\u2019s disease that is moderate to severe. Memantine could help improve memory, attention, reasoning, and language. It helps balance glutamate, a brain chemical involved in memory and learning. Studies show that memantine can curb delusions, hallucinations, agitation, aggression, and irritability that can happen with dementia. It can also help your loved one with disorientation and make their daily activities easier.",
        "What are reversible causes of dementia?": "About 20% of the causes of dementia are reversible.",
        "What is stage 7 of Alzheimer's disease?": "Many basic abilities in a person with Alzheimer's, such as eating, walking, and sitting up, fade during this period. You can stay involved by feeding your loved one with soft, easy-to-swallow food, helping them use a spoon, and making sure they stay hydrated. This is important, as many people at this stage can no longer tell when they're thirsty.",
        "What is stage 6 of Alzheimer's disease?": "In this stage of Alzheimer's, your loved one might recognize faces but forget names. They might also mistake a person for someone else. Delusions might set in, such as thinking it's time to go to work even though they no longer have a job.",
        "What is Huntington's disease?": "This condition results from a problem with a gene you get from one of your parents. It affects the central part of your brain -- the area that helps you think, move, and show emotion.",
        "What is dementia?": "If someone you love gets diagnosed with dementia, it means they have a progressive and sometimes chronic brain condition that causes problems with their thinking, behavior, and memory."
    },
    "Ankylosing Spondylitis": {
        "How is ankylosing spondylitis treated?": "There is no cure for ankylosing spondylitis, but there are treatments that can reduce discomfort and improve function. The goals of treatment are to reduce pain and stiffness, maintain a good posture, prevent deformity, and preserve the ability to perform normal activities. When properly treated, people with ankylosing spondylitis may lead fairly normal lives. Under ideal circumstances, a team approach to treat spondylitis is recommended. Members of the treatment team typically include the patient, doctor, physical therapist, and occupational therapist. In patients with severe deformities, osteotomy and fusion can be done.",
        "What new treatments are being researched for ankylosing spondylitis?": "Some studies focus on genes, including HLA-B27, that make you more likely to get the disease. Others focus on proteins that may trigger inflammation. Researchers hope to come up with new drugs to stop AS before it can damage your back and other joints.",
        "How can working with a physical therapist help you manage ankylosing spondylitis?": "When you strengthen the muscles that support your spine, you can boost your flexibility and lower pain.",
        "How can eating smart help you manage ankylosing spondylitis?": "Eating healthy food and watching your portions can control your weight, and that\u2019s important. Extra pounds mean extra pressure on your spine and joints. While there\u2019s no one diet that\u2019s recommended for AS, foods with anti-inflammatory properties -- such as those high in omega-3 fatty acids (like salmon) -- could help.",
        "How is ankylosing spondylitis diagnosed?": "The diagnosis of ankylosing spondylitis is based on several factors, including:",
        "How do I know if I have ankylosing spondylitis?": "There is no specific test to diagnose ankylosing spondylitis, but imaging by X-ray and MRI may show evidence of inflammation of the sacroiliac joint. Some symptoms may include:",
        "What are some biologic drugs used to treat ankylosing spondylitis?": "Biologic drugs used to treat AS include:",
        "How do DMARDs treat anklyosing spondilitis?": "They affect your immune system and can help curb inflammation. They may help with the arthritis that can damage your back and other joints. They also may ease symptoms like joint pain and swelling. DMARDs don\u2019t work very well for inflammation in the spine.",
        "What is ankylosing spondylitis?": "Ankylosing spondylitis is a type of arthritis that affects the spine. Ankylosing spondylitis symptoms include pain and stiffness from the neck down to the lower back. The spine's bones (vertebrae) fuse together, resulting in a rigid spine. These changes may be mild or severe, and may lead to a stooped-over posture. Early diagnosis and treatment helps control pain and stiffness and may reduce or prevent significant deformity.",
        "What are probiotics and how can they help uveitis?": "These are live, friendly bacteria. You find them in yogurt and other fermented foods. They're in supplements, too. Some doctors think a change in gut bacteria can help uveitis.",
        "What NSAIDs can treat pain from my ankylosing spondylitis?": "NSAIDs used to treat AS pain and stiffness include:",
        "What are some tips to help with ankylosing spondylitis?": "People with spondylitis are encouraged to sleep on a firm mattress with the back straight. Placing large pillows under the head is discouraged, since it may promote neck fusion in the flexed position. Similarly, propping the legs up on pillows should be avoided because it may lead to hip or knee fusion in the bent position. Choose chairs, tables, and other work surfaces that will help avoid slumping or stooping. Armchairs are preferred over chairs without arms. Since those with ankylosing spondylitis could easily hurt their rigid necks or backs, special care should be taken to avoid sudden impact, such as jumping or falling.",
        "What is anterior uveitis?": "Anterior uveitis (your doctor may call it iritis) is inflammation in the front part of your eye. That includes the iris, the colored part. It\u2019s the most common type in people with AS. If it's not treated, anterior uveitis can lead to cataracts, glaucoma, or a buildup of fluid called retinal edema.",
        "What medications can help with ankylosing spondylitis?": "Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) -- such as ibuprofen, naproxen, and aspirin -- are the most commonly used drugs for spondylitis treatment. In moderate to severe cases, other drugs may be added to the treatment regimen. Disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDs), such as methotrexate (Rheumatrex), can be used when NSAIDs alone are not enough to reduce the inflammation, stiffness, and pain. In addition, relatively new drugs called biologics have been FDA-approved for treating ankylosing spondylitis. Also, the antidepressant Cymbalta has been approved for chronic back pain as well. Steroid injections into the joint or tendon may be helpful in some cases.",
        "What should patients with ankylosing spondylitis avoid?": "People with spondylitis are urged to not smoke or chew tobacco products because smoking aggravates the condition.",
        "How can taking frequent breaks help you manage ankylosing spondylitis pain?": "If you don\u2019t move around a lot, your symptoms may be worse. If you have to sit for a long time at work, try to get up every hour or so to stretch or walk around. (Your doctor can write a note so that you can take regular breaks.)",
        "How can muscle relaxants help control ankylosing spondylitis pain?": "Your doctor may prescribe these to help with painful muscle spasms, ease stiffness, and make it easier to exercise. You\u2019ll probably only take them for short times.",
        "How do biologics help treat anklyosing spondilitis?": "These drugs aim to fix the problems with your immune system. They target your body\u2019s production of specific proteins that cause inflammation.",
        "What causes ankylosing spondylitis?": "Although the cause of ankylosing spondylitis is unknown, there is a strong genetic or family link. Most, but not all, people with spondylitis carry a gene called HLA-B27. Although people carrying this gene are more likely to develop spondylitis, it is also found in up to 10% of people who have no signs of the condition.",
        "How can practicing good posture help you manage your ankylosing spondylitis back pain?": "Practice good posture. Hunching over may make back pain feel better for a short time. But it only strains your spine more. There is also a risk that your vertebrae -- small, linked bones that form your backbone -- could fuse in a bent-forward position.",
        "When is surgery needed for ankylosing spondylitis?": "Artificial joint replacement surgery may be a treatment option for some people with advanced joint disease affecting the hips or knees.",
        "How can non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) help control ankylosing spondylitis pain?": "These drugs include medications like ibuprofen and naproxen. NSAIDs, which lower inflammation, may be a part of your regular daily treatment plan. If they are, don\u2019t take more than prescribed without talking with your doctor. If NSAIDs aren\u2019t a part of your treatment plan, talk with your doctor about them.",
        "How do corticosteroids help treat ankylosing spondylitis (AS)?": "If you have severe inflammation in a joint (called a flare), your doctor may give you a shot of corticosteroid in that spot. These drugs are also called steroids.",
        "What are the DMARDs used to treat ankylosing spondylitis?": "DMARDs used to treat AS include:"
    },
    "Anorexia Nervosa": {},
    "Anxiety Panic": {
        "What should you expect if you go to the emergency room for panic attack?": "If you go the emergency room, you may have an EKG, blood tests, and a chest X-ray to make sure you\u2019re not having a heart attack or other serious problem. The doctor may also give you medicine to help you relax.",
        "How does social anxiety disorder affect my life?": "Social anxiety disorder prevents you from living your life. You\u2019ll avoid situations that most people consider \u201cnormal.\u201d You might even have a hard time understanding how others can handle them so easily.",
        "How are anxiety disorders diagnosed?": "If you have symptoms, your doctor will examine you and ask for your medical history. They may run tests to rule out medical illnesses that might be causing your symptoms. No lab tests can specifically diagnose anxiety disorders.",
        "What are waves of panic attacks?": "Most panic attacks last less than 30 minutes, and often peak after 10 minutes. If you have panic attack symptoms for an hour or more, you may really be having a wave of panic attacks, one after another. There's actually a period of recovery between them, though you may not notice it. The overall effect feels like you're being hit with one never-ending attack.",
        "What medical conditions can look like a panic attack?": "A panic attack tends to have clear, intense, physical symptoms -- a pounding heart, shortness of breath, and so on. But a medical condition called generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) can closely mirror a panic attack. GAD is when you have a hard time controlling your worry, and you struggle to keep your anxiety in check.",
        "Can asthma medications cause anxiety?": "Anxiety can make you feel restless, nervous, and panicky even when you\u2019re not in any danger. Sometimes that can happen if you take medications that target the same parts of your body that play a role in anxiety symptoms.",
        "How long do panic attacks last?": "Panic attacks are generally brief, lasting less than 10 minutes, although some of the symptoms may persist for a longer time. People who have had one panic attack are more likely to have subsequent panic attacks than those who have never experienced a panic attack. When the attacks occur repeatedly -- and there is worry about having more episodes -- you have a condition known as panic disorder.",
        "What causes panic disorder?": "It is not clear what causes panic disorder. In many people who have the biological vulnerability to panic attacks, they may develop in association with major life changes (such as getting married, having a child or starting a first job) and major lifestyle stressors. There is also some evidence that suggests that the tendency to develop panic disorder may run in families. People who suffer from panic disorder are also more likely than others to suffer from depression, attempt suicide, or to abuse alcohol or drugs.",
        "How common is panic disorder?": "People with panic disorder may be extremely anxious and fearful, since they are unable to predict when the next episode will occur. Panic disorder is fairly common and affects about 6 million adults in the U.S. Women are twice as likely as men to develop the condition, and its symptoms usually begin in early adulthood.",
        "Which medications are used to treat generalized anxiety disorder?": "Antidepressants, particularly the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), are widely used to treat and prevent a variety of anxiety disorders. Antihistamines and beta-blockers can help mild cases of anxiety as well as performance anxiety, a type of social anxiety disorder. Certain anticonvulsant medicines, such as gabapentin (Neurontin) and pregabalin (Lyrica), are also beginning to show value in treating some forms of anxiety in initial research studies.",
        "What can trigger a panic attack?": "Panic disorder is when you keep having panic attacks, along with worrying about having future attacks and, often, avoiding situations that may trigger or remind you of previous ones.",
        "Can thyroid medications cause anxiety?": "Anxiety can make you feel restless, nervous, and panicky even when you\u2019re not in any danger. Sometimes that can happen if you take medications that target the same parts of your body that play a role in anxiety symptoms.",
        "Can corticosteroids can cause anxiety?": "Anxiety can make you feel restless, nervous, and panicky even when you\u2019re not in any danger. Sometimes that can happen if you take medications that target the same parts of your body that play a role in anxiety symptoms.",
        "What medicines for Parkinson\u2019s disease can cause anxiety?": "Doctors often prescribe a combination drug, levodopa and carbidopa (Sinemet), to treat Parkinson\u2019s. The extended-release capsule form of this drug (Rytary) can cause anxiety. Ask your doctor if another medication might be an option."
    },
    "Arthritis": {
        "How long does recovery from trigger finger take?": "The time it takes to recover from trigger finger depends on how bad it is. The choice of treatment also affects recovery. For example, splinting may be necessary for six weeks. But most patients with trigger finger recover within a few weeks by resting the finger and using anti-inflammatory drugs.",
        "How is trigger finger treated?": "The first step is to rest the finger or thumb. Your doctor may put a splint on the hand to keep the joint from moving. If symptoms continue, your doctor may prescribe drugs that fight inflammation, such as ibuprofen or naproxen. Your doctor may also recommend an injection of a steroid into the tendon sheath. If the trigger finger does not get better, your doctor may recommend surgery.",
        "How are steroids given?": "Steroid drugs are available in several forms that vary in how easily they dissolve or how long they stay in the body.",
        "What are the symptoms of a Baker's cyst?": "You may not have any. If you do, they might include swelling behind your knee and maybe in your leg, knee pain, and stiffness. Sometimes, the cysts break open, or rupture. This can cause pain, swelling, and bruising on the back of your knee and calf. The pain might get worse when you fully extend your knee or when you\u2019re active.",
        "What are home treatments for Baker's cysts?": "Try these at-home remedies to ease your pain and make yourself more comfortable:",
        "What are symptoms of scleroderma?": "When you have scleroderma, the skin on your fingers, arms, legs, hands, feet, or face tightens, gets harder, or gets thicker. Other symptoms are:",
        "How much prednisone should I take?": "Prednisone is a medication in a class of drugs called corticosteroids. You might hear your doctor call them glucocorticoids. Prednisone quickly reduces inflammation, which cuts down on pain, redness, and swelling. It also dials down your immune system.",
        "What are the side effects of prednisone?": "Prednisone is a medication in a class of drugs called corticosteroids. You might hear your doctor call them glucocorticoids. Prednisone quickly reduces inflammation, which cuts down on pain, redness, and swelling. It also dials down your immune system.",
        "Is prednisone safe for everyone?": "Prednisone may not be good choice for people with certain health conditions. Tell your doctor if you have:",
        "How do you taper off of prednisone?": "Prednisone is a medication in a class of drugs called corticosteroids. You might hear your doctor call them glucocorticoids. Prednisone quickly reduces inflammation, which cuts down on pain, redness, and swelling. It also dials down your immune system.",
        "How do you take prednisone?": "Prednisone is a medication in a class of drugs called corticosteroids. You might hear your doctor call them glucocorticoids. Prednisone quickly reduces inflammation, which cuts down on pain, redness, and swelling. It also dials down your immune system.",
        "Can you get gout in your elbow?": "Gout can affect elbows. It happens when uric acid builds up in the bloodstream, leading to deposits of sharp crystals in the tissues and joints. You\u2019d feel intense pain and swelling in the elbow joint.",
        "How long does it take prednisone to work?": "Prednisone is a medication in a class of drugs called corticosteroids. You might hear your doctor call them glucocorticoids. Prednisone quickly reduces inflammation, which cuts down on pain, redness, and swelling. It also dials down your immune system.",
        "What Is prednisone?": "Prednisone is a medication in a class of drugs called corticosteroids. You might hear your doctor call them glucocorticoids. Corticosteroids are manmade drugs that mimic a hormone your body makes naturally, called cortisol.",
        "Is scleroderma a type of inflammatory rheumatism?": "Yes. Scleroderma is a type of inflammatory rheumatism or rheumatic disorder. These conditions include many different forms of arthritis that lead to painful, swollen joints. They can also affect bones, cartilage, ligaments, tendons, and muscles. Some can even involve your organs.",
        "What medications are used to treat swollen joints?": "Not all swollen joints are treated the same way. For example, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are used in treating swollen joints with osteoarthritis. NSAIDs may also be used to treat swollen joints from an injury. Along with NSAIDs, applications of moist heat or ice can help ease swollen joints and pain.",
        "What is the first sign of Dupuytren's contracture?": "The first sign of Dupuytren's contracture is a hard knot or lumps of connective tissue that form under the skin of the palm. These lumps might feel tender to the touch, but they usually aren't painful. Over many years, the knots become bands of thick tissues. The bands extend up the fingers -- usually the ring and pinky fingers, although it can affect other fingers.",
        "What are symptoms of Dupuytren's contracture?": "With this condition, it eventually it becomes impossible to fully straighten the fingers. Both hands can be affected by Dupuytren's contracture, but one hand is usually more severe than the other."
    },
    "Asthma": {
        "What are common symptoms of sinusitis?": "Symptoms of sinusitis vary, depending on which sinuses are affected. But some common signs are pain in these areas:",
        "How does eosinophilic asthma cause shortness of breath?": "Generally, asthma causes swelling in the airways of your lungs. Eosinophilic asthma causes swelling in your entire respiratory system, from your nose all the way down to the tiniest airways. That\u2019s why shortness of breath, rather than wheezing, is one of the main symptoms with this type of asthma. Even when you're doing physical activity, it\u2019s often shortness of breath, not wheezing, that gets worse.",
        "How can eosinophilic asthma cause swollen tissue in your nose?": "Swelling in the tissue that lines your nose, called the nasal mucosa, often comes along with swollen sinuses. Together with swollen sinuses, this condition is called rhinosinusitis.",
        "What should I do if I have asthma and get the flu?": "If you have symptoms of flu, call your doctor right away for advice on how to keep your asthma symptoms from getting worse. Your doctor may prescribe an antiviral medicine to help with your flu symptoms and make changes to your asthma action plan.",
        "What are the symptoms of the flu in people with asthma?": "Call your doctor if you experience flu or asthma attack symptoms, including:",
        "How can eosinophilic asthma cause middle ear infections?": "The swelling in your nose and sinuses may reach all the way to your ears and cause a middle ear infection, called otitis media. This leads to a thick fluid in your ears that can affect your hearing.",
        "Is it bad to get sick if I have asthma?": "With asthma, any respiratory infection, including the flu, can affect your lungs. It can cause inflammation and make your airways more narrow.",
        "How do Nucala. Xolair, and Cinqair work to improve asthma control?": "Mepolizumab (Nucala) is a biologic therapy that controls the blood cells that often trigger asthma. Nucala targets Interluken-5 (IL-5) which regulates the levels of blood eosinophils (the type of white blood cells that helps trigger asthma). Genetically engineered, Nucala keeps IL-5 from binding to eosinophils and, thereby, lowers the risk of a severe asthma attack.",
        "What drugs are in the inhaler?": "Many inhalers contain steroids -- like prednisone -- to treat inflammation. Others have a type of drug called a bronchodilator to open up your airways. Some have both -- this is known as a combination inhaler.",
        "What are the side effects of inhaled steroids for asthma?": "Inhaled steroids have few side effects, especially at lower doses. Thrush (a yeast infection in the mouth) and hoarseness may occur, although this is rare. Rinsing your mouth, gargling after using your asthma inhaler, and using a spacer device with metered dose inhalers can help prevent these side effects. Thrush is easily treated with a prescription antifungal lozenge or rinse.",
        "What is postnasal drip?": "Postnasal drip is a lay term that refers to the sensation of thick phlegm in the throat, which can become infected. Your glands in the nose and throat produce mucus continuously (1 to 2 pints per day), that helps to cleanse the nasal membranes, helps warm the air you breathe, and traps inhaled foreign matter. Mucus also helps to fight infection.",
        "Can postnasal drip trigger asthma?": "Sometimes, postnasal drip syndrome is associated with asthma, as the thick mucus secretions drain from the back of the nose to the back of the throat, causing throat clearing, cough, and bronchial constriction.",
        "How can you prevent sinusitis?": "There's no sure-fire way of preventing sinusitis. But there are some things you can do to lower your risk:",
        "Why is it bad for people with asthma to get the flu?": "With asthma, any respiratory infection, including the flu, can affect your lungs. It can cause inflammation and make your airways more narrow.",
        "How many people die from the flu?": "About 5% to 20% of Americans get the flu each year. More than 200,000 people are hospitalized, according to the CDC. And since the 1970s, between 3,000 and 49,000 people have died from the flu each year. This is largely due to other infections and complications that can occur when you have the flu, particularly pneumonia.",
        "How is chest X-ray used to diagnose asthma?": "An X-ray of your lungs can help your doctor rule out other health conditions that may be behind your asthma-like symptoms. Asthma may cause a small increase in the size of your lungs (called hyperinflation), but a person with asthma will usually have a normal chest X-ray. A chest X-ray can also make sure you don't have pneumonia or lung cancer, particularly in smokers."
    },
    "Atrial Fibrillation": {
        "What are the foods you need to avoid when you have supraventricular tachycardia?": "Try to cut back on foods and drinks that might trigger a faster heartbeat. They include:",
        "How is atrial fibrillation (AFib) that causes shortness of breath treated?": "Doctors can treat your atrial fibrillation (Afib) with medications, but you can also keep it in check by some lifestyle changes, such as drinking less coffee.",
        "What medications can interact poorly with my atrial fibrillation (AFib)?": "Some medications, such as cough and cold medicines, have stimulants that can make your heart beat faster. Other medicines and supplements you take can interact poorly with your atrial fibrillation (AFib) drugs.",
        "What devices can interfere with a pacemaker for atrial fibrillation?": "Some devices that can interfere with it are:",
        "What are heart palpitations?": "A pulse of electricity tells the four chambers in your heart when to squeeze to send the blood through. Sometimes that signal gets interrupted or doesn't follow its usual path. That makes one of the upper chambers (called the atria) quiver, or fibrillate. That gives you the feeling that your heart is skipping a beat or racing. It's a condition called heart palpitations.",
        "Can I take a shower after a catheter ablation procedure?": "Make sure your surgical wounds stay clean and dry until they heal. You can take a shower, but for the first 5 days don\u2019t use very hot water or soak in the bath. Just gently pat the area near your wound dry -- and don\u2019t use lotions or creams there.",
        "How long does atrial fibrillation (AFib) last?": "It'll depend on the type of Afib you have. The fluttering goes on longer with some forms than others. If your AFib continues for many months or years, you can reach the point where you barely notice the symptoms. Sometimes, they don't go away on their own. Your doctor may have to treat you to bring your heart back into the right rhythm.",
        "How does exercise cause your hear to skip a beat?": "Your heart can skip a beat more many reasons, including medical problems, stress, or exercise. When could it be a warning sign of something serious? When you also have shortness of breath, chest pain, or extreme lightheadedness. In those cases, call 911.",
        "How can I treat my swollen legs at home?": "Cut back on salty foods",
        "How does caffeine cause your heart to skip a beat?": "Caffeine causes your brain to release adrenaline, and that speeds up your heart rate.",
        "How long does atrial flutter last?": "Atrial flutter can come and go; it is then known as paroxysmal atrial flutter. An episode of atrial flutter usually lasts hours or days. Less often, atrial flutter is more or less permanent and is known as persistent atrial flutter.",
        "How do you know if you have premature ventricular contractions (PVCs) if your heart skips a beat?": "Premature ventricular contractions (PVC) are a common cause of irregular heartbeat.",
        "What are risks of carotid sinus massage as type of vagal maneuvers?": "While vagal maneuvers may seem easy, they do have risks. And they aren't safe for everyone. You should only do them if your doctor has explained when and how.",
        "What should I do if I get shocked by my implantable cardioverter defibrillator (ICD)?": "If you get shocked by your ICD:",
        "What is a carotid sinus massage?": "Only a doctor should do this. You'll lie down and stick out your chin. The doctor will put pressure on your carotid sinus, a bundle of nerves surrounding the carotid artery in your neck just below your jaw, and make sure you're OK during the procedure.",
        "What are dual-chamber implantable cardioverter defibrillators (ICD)?": "Dual-chamber ICDs are a type of implantable cardioverter defibrillator. The device has leads that are attached in the heart's right atrium and the right ventricle. It can deliver energy to the right atrium and then to the right ventricle, helping your heart to be paced in a normal sequence.",
        "When should you seek medical care for atrial flutter?": "If you experience any of the symptoms of atrial flutter, call your health care provider for an appointment. If you are taking medication for atrial flutter, and you experience any of the signs and symptoms described, call your health care provider. If you have been diagnosed and are being treated for atrial flutter, go immediately to a hospital emergency department if you experience any of the following symptoms:",
        "Can I lift, push, or pull objects after a catheter ablation procedure?": "Don\u2019t lift, push, or pull any objects heavier than 10 pounds for about a week after your ablation. That means not doing things like mowing the lawn.",
        "What are the symptoms of paroxysmal atrial fibrillation?": "The most recognizable symptom of paroxysmal atrial fibrillation is a feeling of a rapid, fluttering heartbeat. You also might:",
        "What causes paroxysmal atrial fibrillation?": "Doctors don't always know what causes paroxysmal atrial fibrillation. It often happens because your heart has been damaged by things like coronary heart disease or high blood pressure. If that damage affects the part of your heart that sends the electrical pulses that control your heartbeat, those pulses can come too fast or at the wrong time."
    },
    "Autism": {
        "When do signs of autism spectrum disorder (ASD) show up?": "The usual signs of ASD usually show up when a child is between 2 and 3 years old, but experts think it begins much earlier, when the brain is starting to develop.",
        "What are the causes of autism spectrum disorder (ASD)?": "Experts don\u2019t fully understand what causes it. It seems to be genetic, mostly. And it usually involves more than one gene, so it\u2019s complicated.",
        "What are the symptoms of autism spectrum disorder (ASD)?": "A child with ASD might show any of the following behaviors:",
        "What medicines are used to treat Asperger's syndrome?": "There aren't any drugs approved by the FDA that specifically treat Asperger's or autism spectrum disorders. Some medications, though, can help with related symptoms like depression and anxiety. Your doctor may prescribe some of these:",
        "What do you notice in people with Asperger's syndrome?": "When you meet someone who has Asperger's syndrome, you might notice two things right off. They are just as smart as other folks but have more trouble with social skills. They also tend to have an obsessive focus on one topic or performs the same behaviors again and again.",
        "When do symptoms of autism appear?": "Symptoms of autism typically appear during the first three years of life. Some children show signs from birth. Others seem to develop normally at first, only to suddenly show symptoms when they are 18 to 36 months old.",
        "What are the signs and symptoms of Asperger's syndrome?": "They start early in life. If you're a mom or dad of a child who has it, you may notice your child can't make eye contact. You may also find that your child seems awkward in social situations and doesn't know what to say or how to respond when someone talks to them. Your child may miss social cues that are obvious to other folks, like body language or the expressions on people's faces. Another sign is that your child may show few emotions, like not smiling when happy or speaking in a flat, robotic kind of way."
    },
    "Baby Center": {
        "What causes little white bumps on the nose and face of your newborn?": "Little white bumps on the nose and face (milia) are caused by blocked oil glands. When a baby's oil glands enlarge and open up in a few days or weeks, the white bumps disappear.",
        "What are warning signs of cognitive developmental delays in children?": "Contact your child's doctor if your child has any of the following signs at the age that's indicated. In addition, watch for any loss of skills that have already been learned.",
        "What is the Ferber Method of sleep training?": "The Ferber Method is also known as Progressive Watching or Graduated Extinction. The goal is to teach your baby how to sleep on their own and put themselves back to sleep if they wake up during the night. Richard Ferber, MD, director of the Center for Pediatric Sleep Disorders at Children's Hospital Boston, developed this method. He advises parents not to start this training until their baby is at least 5 or 6 months old. Here\u2019s an overview of how it\u2019s done:",
        "What causes a high-pitched squeaky sound in my baby's breathing?": "Called stridor or laryngomalacia, this is a sound very young babies make when breathing in. It is worse when a child is lying on their back. It is caused by too much tissue around the larynx and is usually harmless. It often passes by the time a child reaches age 2.",
        "When should you worry about your baby's breathing?": "Signs of potentially worrisome breathing problems in your baby include a persistently increased rate of breathing (greater than 60 breaths per minute or so) and increased work to breathe. Signs of extra work include:",
        "What's normal for a newborn girl's genitals?": "Your newborn girl's genitals have been exposed to many hormones in the uterus. Among other things, these hormones may have:",
        "What can cause cognitive developmental delays in children?": "Problems with thinking, or cognitive delays, may be due to one or more of these reasons:",
        "When will breast lumps in a newborn baby go away?": "Over weeks, or sometimes even months, the breast tissue begins to shrink and eventually becomes flat when there's no more exposure to the hormones. Occasionally a normal, small amount of tissue remains, but it doesn't grow or cause discomfort.",
        "Are breathing problems normal in babies?": "Breathing problems (such as noisy breathing) that only occur occasionally are normal. Worrisome breathing problems, on the other hand, are usually persistent. However, when it comes to any breathing concerns, be sure to contact your pediatrician.",
        "What are breast lumps like in a newborn baby?": "These lumps and enlarged breasts in the baby may be quite noticeable at birth. They might even continue to grow after birth for a while. If you were to pinch them, some real breast milk may be expressed.",
        "What are the types of treatment for cognitive developmental delays in children?": "As with most types of developmental delays, early treatment can make a big difference in the progress your child makes. Educational intervention can help your child develop specific cognitive skills. Educators and therapists may implement play therapy or behavioral therapy and may also recommend specific steps you can take at home to help your child.",
        "Why do babies walk on tiptoes?": "Toe walking is common for most babies as they take their first steps. Most kids stop by the time they're 2 or 3. Many babies practice walking on tiptoe as they're first learning to walk. Only later, after 6 to 12 months or so of practice, will they learn to walk with a mature heel-to-toe gait.",
        "What causes cognitive developmental delays in children?": "Doctors don't always know the cause. Some possibilities include:",
        "When should you worry about swollen breasts for lumps in a newborn baby?": "In the rare case when the breasts look infected (swollen, red, tender, or have a discharge) and the baby has a fever, call your pediatrician to see if they're infected.",
        "What are tips for concerned parents of a newborn baby with breast lumps?": "Sometimes, overly worried parents touch and pinch the breasts so much the area gets irritated. Leave them alone and let nature take its course in shrinking them.",
        "Why do teething babies have rashes?": "Lots of drooling can sometimes create a rash around your child\u2019s mouth, but one that spreads to cover their torso, arms, or legs could be caused by an illness.",
        "Is it normal for newborn babies to have breast lumps?": "It's normal for newborn babies (boys and girls) to have swollen, enlarged breasts and/or lumps under the nipple. They're almost always benign and due to exposure to maternal hormones in the womb. The same hormones that cause the mother's breasts to swell and stimulates milk glands can do the same to the baby's breasts.",
        "What causes global developmental delays in children?": "Sometimes, a delay occurs in several developmental areas. When that happens, it's called \"global developmental delay.\" It may happen because of a genetic defect such as Down syndrome, fetal alcohol syndrome, fragile X syndrome, or severe medical problems that develop soon after birth. Often, doctors don't know what the cause is."
    },
    "Back Pain": {
        "What is nonsurgical spinal decompression therapy?": "Nonsurgical spinal decompression is a type of motorized traction that may help relieve back pain. Spinal decompression works by gently stretching the spine. That changes the force and position of the spine. This change takes pressure off the spinal disks -- gel-like cushions between the bones in your spine -- by creating negative pressure in the disc. As a result, bulging or herniated disks may retract, taking pressure off nerves and other structures in your spine. This helps promote movement of water, oxygen, and nutrient-rich fluids into the disks so they can heal.",
        "Does sciatica go away on its own?": "Most people with sciatica get better in a few weeks with at-home remedies. If your pain is fairly mild and it isn\u2019t stopping you from doing your daily activities, your doctor will first recommend trying some combination of these basic solutions.",
        "Who shouldn't use an inversion table?": "They're risky if you have high blood pressure, glaucoma or any other eye disease, heart disease, a history of strokes, hiatal hernia, inner ear problems, or are pregnant.",
        "What medications help treat spinal stenosis?": "Spinal stenosis is when the canal in your spinal column narrows. It\u2019s often treat with over-the-counter and prescription drugs.",
        "How is spinal stenosis treated?": "Spinal stenosis is when the canal in your spinal column narrows. It usually affects people 50 and older. There\u2019s no cure. But it may be treated, often with simple actions like exercise and over-the-counter medications.",
        "What types of injections are used to treat spinal stenosis?": "Spinal stenosis is when the canal in your spinal column narrows. Doctors use two main types of injections to help with pain and swelling.",
        "How long does a spine MRI scan take?": "MRI scans can take from 30 minutes to an hour or more, depending on how much of your spine is being scanned.",
        "What are the surgical options for sciatica?": "The two main surgical options for sciatica are diskectomy and laminectomy.",
        "What is recovery like after surgery for spinal stenosis?": "Spinal stenosis is when the canal in your spinal column narrows. Surgery can reopen your spinal canal.",
        "What are the types of spine curvature disorders?": "There are three main types of spine curvature disorders, including:",
        "What are the symptoms of lordosis?": "Symptoms of lordosis may include:",
        "What are the side effects of muscle relaxants?": "No matter what kind of muscle relaxer you take, it is common to have side effects Some muscle relaxants, however, can have potentially serious side effects, like liver damage. Your doctor will work with you to find the medication that makes the most sense for your situation.",
        "How can I get out of bed when I have back pain?": "It may sound obvious, but be extra careful when you get in and out of bed. Bending forward at your waist or making quick and jerking motions can cause you more back pain.",
        "What exercises can help with back pain?": "Getting regular physical activity is a great way to improve the quality of your sleep. But doing targeted exercises to strengthen your core -- the muscles in your abdomen, hips, lower back, and pelvis -- can also help ease back pain.",
        "Are inversion tables a good way to treat pain?": "They may offer short-term relief for back pain, but they're not a long-term treatment. They may help with sciatica and kidney stone treatment.",
        "Are there any home remedies for spinal stenosis pain?": "You can try:",
        "What are symptoms of spinal stenosis?": "Not everyone has symptoms, but if you do, they tend to be the same: stiffness, numbness, and back pain.",
        "When should you call your doctor about loss of bladder or bowel control due to back pain?": "If you have back pain and suddenly can\u2019t control your bladder or bowels, call your doctor right away. This could be a sign of several things, like spinal tumors or cauda equina syndrome, a rare but serious condition caused by a severe compression of the nerve roots in the spine. It could also signal lumbar spinal stenosis, which causes compression of the nerves in the lower back.",
        "What are muscle relaxants for low back pain?": "In some cases, your doctor might prescribe these for your low back pain. Some of the most commonly used muscle relaxants are Cyclobenzaprine (Flexeril), Metaxalone (Skelaxin), and Tizanidine (Zanaflex). These drugs work by helping to ease spasms in the muscles.",
        "How can stress lead to lower back pain?": "You may carry your stress in your back -- the muscles feel like they\u2019re in knots. And the pain can feel much worse if you\u2019re also depressed or anxious.",
        "What is degenerative disc disease?": "The discs that separate your vertebrae wear down. This sometimes causes the bones to rub together. Age is usually the reason, but sports and injuries can be culprits, too.",
        "What is lumbar spinal stenosis?": "If you\u2019re over 60, there\u2019s a decent chance this is your culprit. As you age, your spinal canal narrows. That change can put pressure on the nerves running through your spine. Your shoulders and legs will then start to feel numb.",
        "How long does it take to recover from a laminectomy?": "It depends on the extent of your surgery and your situation.",
        "How can emotions cause back pain?": "Don\u2019t underestimate the power of feelings to bring on pain. Stress can lead to muscle tension in the back, and depression and anxiety may make the pain feel even worse."
    },
    "Binge Eating Disorder": {},
    "Bipolar Disorder": {
        "What are symptoms of a mixed bipolar episode?": "Mixed episodes are when symptoms of mania and depression happen at the same time or right after each other, with no break in between.",
        "What do I do if I miss a dose of lithium?": "If you miss a dose, doctors and pharmacists usually recommend taking it as soon as you remember it -- unless the next scheduled dose is within 2 hours (or 6 hours for slow-release forms). If so, they usually recommend skipping the missed dose and resuming the usual dosing schedule. Don\u2019t \"double-up.\"",
        "What are the side effects of lamotrigine (Lamictal), used to treat bipolar disorder?": "Lamictal comes in several types of tablets, such as chewable or orally disintegrating. It adds to the effects of other central nervous system suppressants such as alcohol -- and to those found in many antihistamines, cold medications, pain medications, and muscle relaxants. Check with your doctor before taking any of these.",
        "What medications have proven effective for treating tardive dyskinesia?": "The medications deutetrabenazine (Austedo) and valbenazine (Ingrezza) have proven effective in treating adults with tardive dyskinesia.",
        "What medications can treat sleeping problems from bipolar disorder?": "If you have sleep problems along with bipolar symptoms, you may get a type of drug called a benzodiazepine. Doctors usually prescribe these drugs to treat anxiety and sleep disorders, but they can be part of bipolar treatment as well.",
        "What are mixed bipolar episodes?": "In most forms of bipolar disorder, moods alternate between high and low over time. A person with mixed features has symptoms of both mania and depression at the same time or right after the other.",
        "What does manic bipolar disorder mean?": "The word \"manic\" describes the times when someone with bipolar disorder feels overly excited and confident. These feelings can also involve irritability and impulsive or reckless decision-making. About half of people during mania can also have delusions (believing things that aren't true and that they can't be talked out of) or hallucinations (seeing or hearing things that aren't there).",
        "What are antipsychotic medications used to treat?": "Antipsychotic medications are used as a short-term treatment for bipolar disorder to control psychotic symptoms such as hallucinations, delusions, or mania symptoms. These symptoms may occur during acute mania or severe depression. Some also treat bipolar depression, and several have demonstrated long-term value in preventing future episodes of mania or depression.",
        "How quickly do antipsychotic drugs start working?": "The newer antipsychotics usually act quickly and can help you avoid the reckless and impulsive behaviors associated with mania. More normal thinking often is restored within a few weeks.",
        "What neurotransmitters play a role in bipolar disorder?": "Noradrenaline and serotonin have been consistently linked to psychiatric mood disorders such as depression and bipolar disorder.",
        "What's the difference between hypomania and mania?": "Someone with bipolar disorder can have dramatic mood swings. You can go from the depths of depression to the racing thoughts, extreme energy, and wired feelings that doctors call mania.",
        "What should you know about alcohol and bipolar disorder?": "Instructions for most psychiatric medications warn users not to drink alcohol, but people with bipolar disorder frequently abuse alcohol and other drugs. The abuse is possibly an attempt to self-medicate or to treat their disturbing mood symptoms, and they may also cause mood symptoms that can mimic those of bipolar disorder. Alcohol is a depressant. That's why many people use it as a tranquilizer at the end of a hard day or as an assist for tense social situations. While some patients stop drinking when they are depressed, it is more common that someone with bipolar disorder drinks during low moods. According to the National Institute of Mental Health, people with bipolar disorder are five times more likely to develop alcohol misuse and dependence than the rest of the population.",
        "How does Lamictal help with bipolar disorder?": "Lamotrigine (Lamictal) is approved by the FDA for the maintenance treatment of adults with bipolar disorder. It helps delay bouts of depression, mania, hypomania (a milder form of mania), and mixed episodes in people being treated with standard therapy. It's especially effective at preventing bipolar depression. It was the first FDA-approved maintenance therapy since lithium.",
        "What should you do if you miss a dose of lithium for bipolar disorder?": "If you miss a dose of lithium, take it as soon as you remember it -- unless the next scheduled dose is within two hours (or six hours for slow-release forms). If so, skip the missed dose and resume your usual dosing schedule. Do not \"double up\" the dose to catch up.",
        "How long does it take before lithium starts working for bipolar disorder?": "It usually takes several weeks for lithium to begin working. Your doctor will order blood tests during your treatment. This is because lithium can affect how well your kidney or thyroid work and because it works best if the amount of the drug in your body is kept at a constant level.",
        "When should you call your doctor if you're taking lithium?": "While you're taking lithium, call your doctor if you have diarrhea, vomiting, fever, unsteady walking, fainting, confusion, slurred speech, or rapid heart rate.",
        "How is valproate (Depakote) used to treat bipolar I disorder?": "This anti-seizure medication also works to level out moods. It is faster acting than lithium for an acute episode of mania. It is also often used \"off-label\" for prevention of new episodes. As a mood stabilizer that can be used by a \"loading dose\" method -- beginning at a very high dose -- valproate allows the possibility of significant improvement in mood as early as four to five days.",
        "What are common side effects of lithium?": "Common side effects of lithium can include:",
        "What are the serious risks of taking lithium for bipolar disorder?": "There are a few serious risks to consider if you're thinking of taking lithium. The drug has been linked to certain birth defects and should be used with caution in pregnant women, especially during the first three months of pregnancy. The safety of breastfeeding while taking lithium is controversial and should be discussed in advance with your doctor. Also, in some people, long-term lithium treatment can interfere with kidney function or lead to permanent kidney damage -- which is why periodic monitoring of blood tests to measure kidney functioning is important.",
        "What are hypomanic episodes like for people with bipolar II disorder?": "People who are hypomanic are often fun to be around. They can often seem like the \"life of the party\" -- making jokes, taking an intense interest in other people and activities, and spreading their positive mood. But hypomania can also lead to erratic and unhealthy behavior. And sometimes it becomes mania, which is part of bipolar I disorder. Untreated, hypomania symptoms continue for a few days to a few months. Most people with bipolar II disorders feel depressed more often than hypomanic."
    },
    "Birth Control": {
        "How soon can I have sex after tubal ligation?": "You should be able to have sex one a week after a tubal ligation. Although you don't need to use a backup form of birth control after the procedure, tubal ligation doesn't protect against sexually transmitted diseases (STDs). Using a condom during sex will help prevent STDs.",
        "How much does tubal ligation cost?": "The cost of your tubal ligation may vary based on where you live, your doctor, and your insurance coverage. Average costs range from $1,500 to $6,000. Check your plan to find out what's covered.",
        "Can my IUD fall out?": "It's rare, but an IUD can fall all the way or part of the way out. This is more likely if:",
        "Who shouldn't use an IUD?": "You shouldn\u2019t use one if:",
        "Can my partner feel my IUD?": "Your partner shouldn't be able to feel anything, but if they do, it will only be minor contact with the IUD's strings. This shouldn't cause any discomfort. The strings soften the longer you have the IUD. You can trim them if they're too long.",
        "Will my periods change after I get an IUD?": "With hormonal IUDs, you may have fewer cramps. For the first few months, some women have irregular spotting. Eventually, most women have light periods or no period at all.",
        "Can an IUD come out during my period?": "IUDs are more likely to come out during your period. You may see the device on a pad or tampon. Check often to make sure you can feel the strings. If they feel shorter or longer or if you can feel the IUD itself pushing against your cervix, it may have moved. If this happens, contact your doctor.",
        "What will happen to my menstrual cycle after I stop taking birth control pills?": "It may get off track. Even if your periods were like clockwork before you started birth control, it might take a few months for them to straighten out after you stop. And if you had irregular periods, you\u2019ll probably be off-kilter again -- the reliable schedule you enjoyed (or the long breaks between periods) came from the hormones in the pill. If your periods stopped altogether, it may take a few months for them to start up again.",
        "Will I lose weight after I stop taking birth control?": "Maybe. Progestin-only types (like injections, hormonal IUDs, or pills) may cause you to gain a few pounds, so the scale might go down when you stop. It\u2019s unclear whether combo pills, patches, or rings lead to weight gain. If you want to lose weight, though, you\u2019ll probably get more results from a better diet and more exercise than from going off your birth control.",
        "What will happen to my sex drive after I stop taking birth control pills?": "You might feel friskier. Some women find that the pill drives their libido down, especially if they take very low-dose pills.",
        "What herbal remedies can affect birth control pills?": "A number of herbal remedies don't mix well with birth control pills. Some that you should avoid:",
        "What happens if you forget to take your placebo pills for birth control?": "If you forget to take any of the last 7 (or last 4 of a 4-pill placebo pack or last 2 of a 2-pill placebo pack) out of the 28 day pills, you won't raise your chance of pregnancy because these pills have only inactive ingredients.",
        "If I don't have a condom, can I use plastic wrap or a balloon?": "Plastic wrap and balloons are not good to use as condoms. They don't fit well and can easily be torn during sex. Condoms are specifically made to provide a good fit and good protection during sex, and they are thoroughly tested for maximum effectiveness.",
        "How can the pill affect your blood pressure?": "Studies show the hormones may raise your blood pressure, for instance. So if you take birth control pills, get your blood pressure checked every 6 months to make sure it stays in a healthy range. If you already have high blood pressure, talk with your doctor to see if another way to prevent pregnancy would be better for you.",
        "Can a woman get pregnant the first time they have sex?": "Women can get pregnant any time ovulation happens, even if it is the first time they are having sex.",
        "How long does it take for birth control pills to work?": "In some women, one complete menstrual cycle is needed for the hormones in the pill to work with the woman's natural hormones to prevent ovulation. Some doctors recommend using a back-up method of birth control the first month of taking the pill.",
        "Does a woman have to have an orgasm to get pregnant?": "Pregnancy happens when a sperm from the man fertilizes an egg from the woman. It is not necessary for the woman to have an orgasm to get pregnant.",
        "How soon does Depo-Provera work?": "Depo-Provera starts to work as birth control immediately after the first shot, if you get it within the first 5 days of your menstrual period.",
        "How does hormonal contraception work?": "Hormonal contraceptives (the pill, the patch, and the vaginal ring) all contain a small amount of man-made estrogen and progestin hormones. These hormones work to inhibit the body's natural cyclical hormones to prevent pregnancy.",
        "What is Plan B One-Step?": "Plan B One-Step is a type of emergency contraception. This is birth control that can prevent pregnancy after unprotected sex. People sometimes call it the \"morning after pill,\" but you don't have to wait until the morning after sex to take it. In fact, Plan B is more effective the sooner you take it. It is a one-dose regimen: you take one pill.",
        "How effective is Plan B One-Step?": "If you take the within 72 hours after you've had unprotected sex, Plan B One-Step can reduce the risk of pregnancy by up to 87% if taken as directed. If you take Plan B One-Step within 24 hours, it is much more effective.",
        "How safe is Plan B One-Step?": "Many women have taken emergency contraception without serious complications, but it's a good idea to ask your doctor about possible interactions with other medications.",
        "When should you call a doctor about Plan B One-Step?": "If you vomit within two hours after taking the drug, call a healthcare professional to find out if you should repeat the dose."
    },
    "Bladder Cancer": {},
    "Blog - From Our Archives": {},
    "Brain Cancer": {
        "What is the outlook and survival rate for glioblastoma?": "Many things can affect how well someone does when they have cancer, including glioblastomas. Doctors often can\u2019t predict what someone\u2019s life expectancy will be if they have a glioblastoma, but they do have statistics that track how large groups of people who\u2019ve had these conditions tend to do over time.",
        "What are the symptoms of a brain tumor in adults?": "A common initial symptom of a brain tumor is headaches. Other symptoms include:",
        "What is a tumor?": "A tumor is a mass of tissue that's formed by an accumulation of abnormal cells. Normally, the cells in your body age, die, and are replaced by new cells. With cancer and other tumors, something disrupts this cycle. Tumor cells grow, even though the body does not need them, and unlike normal old cells, they don't die. As this process goes on, the tumor continues to grow as more and more cells are added to the mass."
    },
    "Brain and Nervous System": {
        "Can dehydration cause dizziness?": "Many people don't drink enough fluids to replace the liquid they lose every day when they sweat, breathe, and pee. It's particularly a problem for older people and people with diabetes. When you're severely dehydrated, your blood pressure can drop, your brain may not get enough oxygen, and you'll feel dizzy. Other symptoms of dehydration include thirstiness, tiredness, and dark urine. To help with dehydration, drink plenty of water or diluted fruit juice. Limit coffee, tea, and soda.",
        "Can blood flow problems cause dizziness?": "Dizziness can be a sign of a problem with your blood flow. Your brain needs a steady supply of oxygen-rich blood. Otherwise, you can become lightheaded and even faint. Some causes of low blood flow to the brain include blood clots, clogged arteries, heart failure, and an irregular heartbeat. For many older people, standing suddenly can cause a sharp drop in blood pressure. It's important to get medical help immediately if you're dizzy and faint or lose consciousness.",
        "Can an infection cause dizziness?": "Inflammation of the nerves in your ears can cause vertigo, when you feel like you're spinning or the room is moving around you. It can be either vestibular neuritis or labyrinthitis. Vestibular neuritis refers to inflammation of your vestibular nerve only while labyrinthitis involved both your vestibular nerve and your cochlear nerve.. Both conditions are caused by an infection. Usually, a virus is to blame.  But bacteria from a middle ear infection or meningitis can make their way into your inner ear as well. In this case, dizziness usually comes on suddenly. Your ears may ring, and it  could be hard to hear. You might be nauseated and have a fever along with ear pain. Symptoms can last several weeks. If it results from a virus and can't be treated with antibiotics, medication can help you feel better as the infection runs its course.",
        "How does my sense of smell work?": "A person's sense of smell is driven by certain processes. First, a molecule released from a substance (such as fragrance from a flower) must stimulate special nerve cells (called olfactory cells) found high up in the nose. These nerve cells then send information to the brain, where the specific smell is identified.",
        "What is auditory processing disorder (APD)?": "People with auditory processing disorder (APD) have a hard time hearing small sound differences in words. Someone says, \"Please raise your hand,\" and you hear something like \"Please haze your plan.\" You tell your child, \"Look at the cows over there,\" and they may hear, \"Look at the clown on the chair.\"",
        "What causes auditory processing disorder (APD)?": "People with APD have a hard time hearing small differences in words. It\u2019s not a hearing or learning disorder. Doctors don't know exactly what causes APD, but it may be linked to:",
        "How is auditory processing disorder (APD) diagnosed?": "People with APD have a hard time hearing small differences in words. Your doctor can use a hearing test to see if your child's issues are caused by hearing loss, but only a hearing specialist, called an audiologist, can diagnose APD.",
        "How is benign paroxysmal positional vertigo diagnosed?": "Your doctor will ask questions about your general health and your symptoms. They'll look for a telltale rhythmic eye movement called nystagmus. They may ask you to lie on your back on a table with your head tilted back off it. This is to show whether you can control your eye movements. The doctor also will look to see if you get dizzy when your eyes or head move in a certain direction, and if doing so makes you dizzy for less than a minute. The doctor might also conduct a test using infrared goggles.",
        "How is neuromyelitis optica diagnosed?": "Your doctor will examine you and check your thinking, vision, speech, strength, and reflexes. They may want to test fluid from your spine and your blood.",
        "What is the treatment for auditory processing disorder (APD)?": "People with APD have a hard time hearing small differences in words. It has no cure. Treatment is tailored to each person, but it usually includes:",
        "Can nerve damage cause shaky hands?": "Nerve damage, neurological disease, or a problem with your central nervous system can cause tremors. Your doctor will call this peripheral neuropathy. It can affect your hands and feet.",
        "Is there a reason for laughing or crying suddenly, and uncontrollably?": "Crying and laughter are a normal part of a healthy life.",
        "Can a B12 deficiency cause shaky hands?": "Without vitamin B12, your nervous system won't work like it should. You can find it in meat, fish, poultry, eggs, and milk products. If you're getting so little that your hands shake, your doctor will give you a shot.",
        "Can low blood sugar cause shaky hands?": "Low blood sugar, or hypoglycemia, triggers your body's natural stress response and makes you shaky.",
        "How can I prevent myasthenia gravis?": "There are no known ways to prevent myasthenia gravis. If you already have the condition, take these steps to avoid an exacerbation:",
        "What are the types of tics?": "There are two types of tics -- motor tics and vocal tics. These short-lasting sudden movements (motor tics) or uttered sounds (vocal tics) occur suddenly during otherwise normal behavior. People often repeat tics. For instance, someone with a tic might blink their eyes multiple times or twitch their nose repeatedly.",
        "What is a transient tic disorder?": "Transient tic disorder is characterized by the presence of one or more tics for at least one month but less than one year. The majority of tics seen in this disorder are motor tics, but you could also have vocal tics.",
        "How can paresthesia be treated?": "In many cases, paresthesia goes away on its own. But if any area of your body regularly goes numb or gets that \"pins and needles\" feeling, talk to your doctor. Treating the cause of your paresthesia will usually help with your pins and needles.",
        "What is paresthesia?": "If you fall asleep with your arm pinned under you or keep your legs crossed too long, chances are, you've had a \"pins and needles\" feeling in your limbs, fingers, or feet."
    },
    "Breast Cancer": {
        "What are the side effects of aromatase inhibitors to treat breast cancer?": "Side effects of aromatase inhibitors include:",
        "What\u2019s the difference between hereditary breast cancer and HER2-positive breast cancer?": "HER2 gene defects, known as \u201cmutations,\u201d develop sometime during your life. Researchers aren\u2019t sure exactly what causes these mistakes to happen.",
        "How can ado-trastuzumab emtansine (Kadcyla) help with treating HER2-positive breast cancer?": "Ado-trastuzumab emtansine (Kadcyla), combines the antibody in trastuzumab with a chemotherapy drug. Doctors give it to people with HER2-positive, advanced breast cancer who were already treated with trastuzumab.",
        "What medications can help treat HER2 positive breast cancer?": "About 1 in 5 people with breast cancer have a faulty gene called HER2 that makes too many copies of itself. This type of breast cancer is usually treated with a human-made antibody, Trastuzumab (Herceptin), that helps stop the cancer cells from growing.",
        "How can lapatinib (Tykerb) help with treating HER2-positive breast cancer?": "Lapatinib (Tykerb) is an example of a small-molecule drug that you can take in a pill. Together with chemotherapy, it treats some advanced cases of HER2-positive breast cancer. Doctors often use it when other cancer medications haven't worked for someone.",
        "What happens to the breast after ovulation?": "After ovulation, progesterone makes the breast cells grow and blood vessels enlarge and fill with blood. At this time, the breasts often become engorged with fluid and may be tender and swollen.",
        "How does having HER2-positive breast cancer affect the kind of treatment you get?": "Treatment for breast cancer depends in part on stage and type and is different in each case, but typically involves some combination of surgery, radiation, chemotherapy, or other drug therapies. These other drug therapies depend partly on whether your cancer is HER2-positive. If it is, certain medications can work well, such as:",
        "What does a positive FISH test for HER2 breast cancer mean?": "FISH testing usually returns one of two results: positive or negative.",
        "What are HER2-positive and HER2-negative breast cancers?": "HER2-negative and HER2-positive are types of breast cancer that share some things in common, but they have plenty of differences, too. Which kind you have can affect the treatment you get.",
        "What is the treatment for HER2-positive breast cancer?": "Because your breast cancer is HER2-positive, that makes a difference in how your doctor will treat it. This type of the disease doesn't respond well to the hormone treatments that work for other forms of breast cancer. But there are kinds of medicines for it. Doctors call these drugs \u201ctargeted treatments. They kill the cells that make the HER2 protein. That stops or blocks the protein from helping cancer cells grow. This greatly lowers the chances that your disease will come back.",
        "What should I ask my doctor about HER2-positive breast cancer?": "Questions to ask the doctor regarding HER2-positive breast cancer:",
        "What is a diagnostic mammogram?": "It can be a follow-up test after a screening mammogram that spotted something unusual. Or your doctor might recommend this test without a screening mammogram first if you have symptoms, they would like to check into further. Some women only need more mammogram images. Other women may need an ultrasound, or a biopsy.",
        "Is breast cancer treatable?": "Breast cancer is very treatable if it's found early.",
        "How should you prepare for a mammogram?": "Mammograms help look for breast cancer in its early stages. Before you get one, keep these tips in mind:",
        "How do I care for myself after a breast biopsy?": "A biopsy is a procedure to remove suspicious tissues to check for cancer. You may need to wear a special bra and dressings over your breast biopsy site for a few days. You get small tapes or stitches on the cut on your skin. Your doctor will remove them during your check up, or they\u2019ll fall off by themselves.",
        "How can palbociclib (Ibrance) and ribociclib (Kisqali) help with treating breast cancer?": "Palbociclib (Ibrance) and ribociclib (Kisqali) are drugs that stop other molecules known to help cancer cells grow. These drugs, which doctors give along with an aromatase inhibitor, may be an option for postmenopausal women with advanced cancer who haven\u2019t yet tried hormone therapy."
    },
    "Bulimia Nervosa": {},
    "COPD": {
        "How does your doctor know which stage of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) you are in?": "Your doctor has a few ways to decide which stage your disease is in. They'll use a test called spirometry to measure how much air your lungs can take in, or your lung capacity. They may also take X-rays of your chest or do a blood test to measure how much oxygen is getting into your lungs.",
        "Why is it important to quit smoking if you have chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)?": "If you smoke, the most important thing you can do is quit. It\u2019s the best way to improve your COPD symptoms or keep your disease from getting worse. If you live with a smoker, it will help you if they quit. If you work in a place where people smoke or the air is polluted, you may have to consider changing jobs.",
        "What medication can help improve symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)?": "Medications for COPD can help improve your lung capacity, ease inflammation, relax muscles in your airways, and improve your breathing. They include:",
        "What are the four stages of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and the symptoms of each?": "The stages and symptoms of COPD are:",
        "What are some other treatments that can help symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)?": "Other COPD treatments can also make breathing easier:",
        "What are the three basic types of inhalers?": "These small, handheld devices deliver a puff of medicine into your airways. There are three basic types:",
        "How is chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) treated?": "Treatments include many different drugs, special exercises, oxygen therapy, surgery, and complementary therapies.",
        "Should I check with my doctor if I have breathing problems?": "If you have a breathing problem, you need to see a doctor. They will examine you and may want to check your blood or do other tests to find out what\u2019s going on.",
        "What should you do if you have a breathing problem?": "If you have a breathing problem, you need to see a doctor. They will examine you and may want check your blood or do other tests to find out what\u2019s going on. You might want to make notes about how you feel and bring them to your appointment. That way, you won\u2019t forget the important details. You may also want to write down some questions you\u2019d like to ask the doctor. The more your doctor knows, the better.",
        "How can tachycardia affect your breathing?": "Tachycardia is a fast heart rate -- usually more than 100 beats per minute in an adult. There are several kinds, but one that may cause shortness of breath is SVT, or atrial tachycardia. In SVT, the heart rate speeds up because the heart\u2019s electrical signals don\u2019t fire properly. People who have SVT and are short of breath should get medical help right away. Your doctor may recommend other things that can help, too, like quitting smoking and drinking less coffee and alcohol."
    },
    "Cancer": {
        "Which antibiotics can help with treating Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori)?": "Your doctor probably will prescribe one or a combination of two antibiotics. Examples include amoxicillin, tetracycline, metronidazole, or clarithromycin. You'll take them for up to 2 weeks. Be sure to take all the pills in your prescription, even if you start to feel better.",
        "What are symptoms of Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori)?": "H. pylori infections don't always cause symptoms. In fact, you may not feel sick at all. In some people,though, the infection may cause:",
        "Can polycythemia vera affect my spleen?": "One of your spleen's main jobs is to recycle old red blood cells. Polycythemia vera causes your body to make too many red blood cells. That means your spleen works harder to remove all the extra blood cells. All that added work makes it grow bigger. About three out of four people with polycythemia vera have an enlarged spleen. Doctors call this splenomegaly. If your spleen is getting larger, you might notice:",
        "How do my doctor and I decide on a treatment for myelofibrosis?": "Myelofibrosis affects everyone in different ways. Things like your age, blood cell counts, levels of immature blood cells called blasts, and symptoms like anemia or severe weight loss can help your doctor plan your treatment.",
        "What conditions can cause similar symptoms to stomach cancer?": "Peptic ulcers and acid reflux (also called GERD) cause similar symptoms. Antacids or histamine blockers may give temporary relief. Many other conditions can cause these symptoms as well. For these reasons, people may not recognize the problem as serious and may put off seeing a doctor. A gastric tumor can grow very large before it causes other symptoms.",
        "What is a medical oncologist?": "A medical oncologist is the cancer specialist you\u2019ll probably see most often. Usually, your oncologist will oversee your general care and coordinate treatments with other specialists. Your oncologist will also be in charge of chemotherapy, hormone therapy, and immunotherapy. You\u2019ll likely visit your medical oncologist for long-term, regular checkups.",
        "Are there blood tests for polycythemia vera?": "Blood tests are common when checking for polycythemia vera. Even if you\u2019ve already had one, you may need another. Your doctor may order any of these tests:",
        "How can I prevent itchiness with polycythemia vera?": "Take these simple steps:",
        "Does polycythemia vera cause itching?": "Some people with polycythemia vera -- about four out of 10 -- have itchy skin.",
        "Does polycythemia vera cause myelofibrosis and leukemia?": "Polycythemia vera causes your body to make too many red blood cells. After years of this, your bone marrow can become so filled with scar tissue that it can't make enough blood cells to meet your body's needs. Doctors call this condition myelofibrosis.",
        "How can I reduce stress associated with myelofibrosis?": "Meditation, yoga, exercise, or socializing with friends could help. Try peppermint tea to ease nausea from chemotherapy.",
        "How can you treat an enlarged spleen because of myelofibrosis?": "Some drugs can shrink an enlarged spleen. Your doctor might try chemotherapy, immunomodulators, and a drug called ruxolitinib (Jakafi). Radiation might help, too. However, you may need surgery to remove an enlarged spleen. The doctor will watch you carefully afterward to make sure you don\u2019t have bleeding, clots, or liver problems.",
        "How are blood tests used to diagnose liver cancer?": "Blood tests that measure tumor markers -- the levels of these substances rise in the blood if someone has a particular cancer -- can aid diagnosis. Liver cancers secrete a substance called alpha fetoprotein that is normally present in fetuses but goes away at birth. An elevated fetoprotein in adults may indicate liver cancer as it is produced in 70% of liver cancers. Elevated levels of iron may also be a tumor marker.",
        "How does myelofibrosis spread in the body and can it be prevented?": "These faulty genes make copies of themselves. The bad versions spread through your body and make the cells that lead to inflammation in your marrow. Scientists don\u2019t know how to prevent myelofibrosis, but there\u2019s research under way to find out more about it."
    },
    "Carpal Tunnel Syndrome": {
        "How is carpal tunnel syndrome treated?": "Carpal tunnel syndrome is a condition that often happens with repetitive motions. It can cause pain, numbness, tingling, and other symptoms. Treatments include:",
        "Who is more likely to get carpal tunnel syndrome?": "Carpal tunnel syndrome is a condition that happens when a major nerve in your hand gets pressured or squeezed. The nerve, called the median nerve, runs down your arm through a section in your write called the carpal tunnel. Women are 3 times more likely than men to get it. That may be because their carpal tunnels are smaller. Pregnancy also can bring on carpal tunnel syndrome.",
        "Which jobs can cause carpal tunnel syndrome?": "Carpal tunnel syndrome is a condition that happens when a major nerve in your hand gets pressured or squeezed. It can be caused by making repetitive motions with your arm or hand. Some jobs may make it more likely for you to get carpal tunnel syndrome. They include:",
        "What happens in severe cases of carpal tunnel syndrome?": "As carpal tunnel syndrome becomes more severe, you may have less grip strength because the muscles in your hand shrink. Pain and muscle cramping will also become worse. The median nerve begins to lose function because of the irritation or pressure around it. This leads to:",
        "What can you do to help yourself if you have carpal tunnel syndrome?": "Carpal tunnel syndrome is a condition that often happens with repetitive motions. It can cause pain, numbness, tingling, and other symptoms. If you have carpal tunnel syndrome, you can minimize discomfort several ways:",
        "What self-care steps can you take to treat carpal tunnel syndrome?": "To help ease the symptoms of carpal tunnel syndrome, you may want to put ice on your wrist or soak it in an ice bath. Try it for 10 to 15 minutes, once or twice an hour.",
        "How can wrist braces treat carpal tunnel syndrome?": "Braces are generally best when you have mild to moderate carpal tunnel syndrome. They don't work for everyone, but there are no side effects either, so it doesn't hurt to try one. Make sure to give it a good 3-4 weeks for your symptoms to improve.",
        "Which tests help diagnose carpal tunnel syndrome?": "Carpal tunnel syndrome is a condition that happens when a major nerve in your hand gets pressured or squeezed. Your doctor may do several tests, including X-rays and MRIs. They might check you out physically, such as by pressing the median nerve on the inside of your wrist to check if that causes any tingling or numbness. Another test called EMG-NCV looks for any nerve or muscle damage.",
        "Which medical conditions are linked to carpal tunnel syndrome?": "Carpal tunnel syndrome is a condition that happens when a major nerve in your hand gets pressured or squeezed. It can happen if you make the same motions over and over. Medical conditions sometimes may bring it on. They include:",
        "How long is the recovery period after carpal tunnel surgery?": "You may get relief from symptoms the same day as your surgery, but complete healing takes longer. Expect to have pain, swelling, and stiffness after the operation. Your doctor will let you know what medicines might help. You may have some soreness for anywhere from a few weeks to a few months after surgery.",
        "What are the risks of carpal tunnel surgery?": "Risks come with any operation. For both types of carpal tunnel release surgery, they include:",
        "What happens during carpal tunnel surgery?": "First, you\u2019ll get local anesthesia -- drugs to numb your hand and wrist. You may also get medicine to help keep you calm. (General anesthesia, which means you will not be awake during surgery, is not common for carpal tunnel syndrome)."
    },
    "Cataracts": {},
    "Celiac Disease": {},
    "Cervical Cancer": {
        "What is high-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion (LGSIL) in the cervix?": "High-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion (HGSIL) is a type of precancerous changes in the cervix. This is when you have a lot of precancerous cells, which look very different from normal cells. These changes involve only cells on the surface of the cervix. They happen most often in women ages 30 to 40 years, but can happen at any age.",
        "What is low-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion (LGSIL) in the cervix?": "Low-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion (LGSIL) is a type of precancerous changes in the cervix. These lesions may go away on their own, but over time, they may become more abnormal, eventually becoming a high-grade lesion. These early changes in the cervix most often happen in women ages 25 to 35 years, but can appear in women of any age.",
        "When do cervical cancer occur?": "Precancerous cervical changes affect cells on the surface of a woman\u2019s cervix. If abnormal cells spread deeper into the cervix or to other tissues or organs, the disease then becomes cervical cancer, invasive cervical cancer, or metastatic cancer. Cervical cancer occurs most often in women aged 40 years or older.",
        "What tests might be done to check for invasive cervical cancer after a biopsy?": "If a sample tissue examined under a microscope (biopsy) shows invasive cancer, you may get more tests to check if the cancer has spread, and how far. Tests include:",
        "How long do I have to be hospitalized for a hysterectomy?": "You'll have to stay in the hospital after your surgery. With a laparoscopic or vaginal hysterectomy, you'll have a 1- or 2-day stay. Full recovery time is about 2 to 3 weeks.",
        "Will I still be able to have kids if I have cervical cancer?": "Your ability to get pregnant after getting cervical cancer will depend on the stage of your cancer and the type of treatment you have.",
        "What are the signs of infection after a colposcopy?": "Call your doctor right away if you show any signs of infection, such as:",
        "If I have cervical cancer, will my daughter have it too?": "It's possible to pass an increased risk of cervical cancer to your daughter, but it's not likely. Most cervical cancers are caused by human papillomavirus (HPV), not genetic mutations.",
        "How can cryocautery help with treating cervical cancer?": "Cryocautery uses a steel instrument cooled to subzero temperatures by immersion in liquid nitrogen or a similar liquid. This ultracooled instrument is then applied to the surface of the cervix, freezing cells. They eventually die and are sloughed off, to be replaced by new cervical cells.",
        "When is hysterectomy chosen for precancerous changes of the cervix?": "Cervical cancer grows slowly. But even if you have only precancerous changes in your cervical cells, you may decide to have a hysterectomy. That may be particularly so if abnormal cells are found inside the opening of your cervix or you have severe or recurring dysplasia. This surgery is more likely to be done if you do not plan to have children in the future.",
        "What is the survival rate for cervical cancer?": "For cervical cancer, the survival rate is close to 100% when precancerous or early cancerous changes are found and treated. The prognosis for invasive cervical cancer depends on the stage of the cancer when it is found.",
        "What are the two types of human papillomavirus (HPV)?": "Sexually transmitted HPV comes in two different types:",
        "What do different stages of cervical cancer mean?": "After all of the tests results are back, your doctor will use them to determine if and how far your cancer has spread, which will show them what stage it is in. Staging classifies the cancer by how much is in your body and where it has spread when it\u2019s diagnosed. Knowing the stage can help your medical team plan the right treatment for you.",
        "How do you get human papillomavirus (HPV)?": "You can catch HPV through oral, vaginal, and anal sex. The virus is so common that most men and women who are sexually active will have HPV at some point. You can pass HPV to your partner even if you don't know you're infected."
    },
    "Children's Health": {
        "What are the symptoms of constipation in children?": "Besides the obvious painful bowel movements, look for these typical signs:",
        "Should you wake a child up to take their temperature?": "Usually, you don't need to take your child's temperature often or wake them up if they're sleeping peacefully. But you should do it if their energy seems low.",
        "What should you know about toddler constipation?": "Toddlers are a finicky bunch. Their moods and whims can change on a dime. Even something as basic as going to the bathroom can get tricky. While some toddlers go to the bathroom every day like clockwork, other kids can go two, three, or even more days without having any bowel movements. Seeing an empty toilet day after day might worry some parents, but constipation in toddlers isn't usually a sign of any serious disease. Most often it's caused by a problem that's easy to solve, like diet or ignoring the urge to go.",
        "How do you know if your toddler has constipation?": "The average toddler makes a bowel movement once a day. Usually, a child who has a bowel movement fewer than three times a week, and whose stools are hard and difficult to pass, is constipated. Also, according to the American Academy of Pediatrics, any child with stools that are large, hard, dry, and accompanied by painful bowel movements, soiling between bowel movements, or blood on the outside of the stool may have constipation.",
        "When can teens and adults get the Tdap booster vaccine for whooping cough?": "The CDC says adults and children age 11 and up should get a Tdap booster shot.",
        "Why is it important to get protected against whooping cough?": "Getting protected against whooping cough is important, and not only for children. There are lots of reasons teens and adults need to get vaccinated too.",
        "What are the effects of early puberty?": "While kids with precocious puberty are often tall for their age, some wind up short as adults. And puberty can be a confusing time, even more so for younger kids.",
        "What are signs that your child might be constipated?": "Your child may be constipated if they\u2019re having any of these symptoms:",
        "What symptoms of whooping cough might you have if you were immunized as a child?": "If you were immunized as a child, you will likely have a milder case. You might have light cold symptoms or none at all. The cough may be severe, or just annoying. You may even spread whooping cough without ever knowing you have it.",
        "Why should adults get a whooping cough vaccine?": "Adults get whooping cough. You may think whooping cough, also known as pertussis, is something only children or babies get. But adults can get sick, too.",
        "Can childhood vaccines for whooping cough wear off?": "Protection from the childhood vaccine is short-lived. The childhood vaccine provides good but relatively short protection. Your immunity to whooping cough starts going away 5 to 10 years after your last childhood vaccine.",
        "How do doctors diagnose whooping cough?": "Your doctor can check you for whooping cough with a simple nasal swab test. Whooping cough is caused by a bacteria and should be treated with antibiotics. Antibiotics may ease your symptoms and prevent spread, especially if you take them during the first few weeks of the cough.",
        "Why is whooping cough dangerous for babies?": "Whooping cough in babies can be a serious illness. It can cause breathing problems and pneumonia, and sometimes is deadly. Very young infants are especially vulnerable, since the whooping cough vaccine isn't given to babies until they are 2 months old.",
        "How effective is the Tdap booster vaccine for whooping cough?": "The Tdap booster vaccine has been in use since 2005. A single shot makes you about 90% immune to whooping cough. Exactly how long it works is unknown, but it seems to be at least 5 years. It also protects against tetanus and diphtheria.",
        "When should I call the doctor about croup?": "If your child\u2019s symptoms last more than 3 to 5 days or get worse, don\u2019t try to treat them at home. Get medical help right away if your child:",
        "What are normal levels of blood pressure in girls?": "For girls:",
        "What causes central precocious puberty?": "Most times, experts don't know, particularly in girls.",
        "Should parents worry about early puberty?": "Symptoms that might seem like early puberty are often unrelated and resolve on their own.",
        "What medications are used to treat whooping cough?": "If doctors diagnose whooping cough early on, antibiotics can help cut down coughing and other symptoms. They can also help prevent the infection from spreading to others. Most people are diagnosed too late for antibiotics to work well, though.",
        "When should you call 911 about meningococcal meningitis?": "Go to an emergency room or call 911 right away if you notice symptoms of meningococcal meningitis, symptoms don't improve with treatment, or you think you have been exposed to meningococcal meningitis. It's a life-threatening condition, so you need to get medical care immediately.",
        "What should you do if you think your child, younger than 18 months old, has whooping cough?": "Children under the age of 18 months with whooping cough should be watched at all times, because the coughing spells can make them stop breathing. Young babies with bad cases may need hospital care, too.",
        "How long do whooping cough spells last?": "Because the cough is dry and doesn't produce mucus, these spells can last up to 1 minute. Sometimes it can cause your face to briefly turn red or purple.",
        "When should I call my doctor about a reaction to the meningitis vaccine?": "You may get mild pain or redness at the spot where you get the shot. Call your doctor right away if you have a strong reaction to the vaccine, such as a high fever, weakness, or signs of an allergic reaction, such as trouble breathing, a fast heartbeat, or dizziness.",
        "Can steam and humidity help treat a child's cough?": "Steam helps unclog your child\u2019s nose. ou can create your own steam room. Close the door to your bathroom and run hot water in the shower for several minutes until the mirrors fog.",
        "What are types of Down syndrome?": "There are three types of Down syndrome:"
    },
    "Cholesterol Management": {
        "Can fiber supplements help lower cholesterol?": "Taking a fiber supplement to help meet your daily fiber intake can help lower your overall cholesterol level and your LDL (bad) cholesterol. Examples include psyllium, methylcellulose, wheat dextrin, and calcium polycarbophil. If you take a fiber supplement, increase the amount you take slowly. This can help prevent gas and cramping. It\u2019s also important to drink enough liquids when you increase your fiber intake.",
        "What are lipoproteins?": "Lipoprotein is a substance that carries cholesterol throughout your system. There are 2 main kinds:",
        "What blood tests do I fast for?": "These tests typically require fasting:",
        "How often should you have your cholesterol and triglyceride levels checked?": "Adults aged 20 and older should have their cholesterol and triglyceride levels checked once every five years. However, your doctor may suggest doing this more often if you have certain risk factors such as diabetes, high blood pressure, obesity, or a family history of heart disease.",
        "What is cholesterol ratio and what should yours be?": "To find your cholesterol ratio, you divide your total cholesterol number by your HDL, or good, cholesterol number. For example, if your total cholesterol number is 200 and your good cholesterol is 50, your total cholesterol ratio is 4:1.",
        "Does weight affect your cholesterol levels?": "Being overweight is in itself a risk factor for heart disease. It also can increase your cholesterol. Losing weight will help lower your LDL, total cholesterol levels, and triglyceride levels. At the same time it can help you raise your HDL.",
        "Do high triglyceride levels affect your pancreas?": "If your triglyceride levels are \u201cvery high\u201d -- above 500 mg/dL -- you are more likely to get inflammation in your pancreas.",
        "Can garlic help with cholesterol or triglycerides?": "Garlic supplements slightly lowered total and LDL cholesterol levels in a few small studies. But overall, the evidence doesn\u2019t seem to support garlic as an effective way to lower cholesterol.",
        "What are normal and high levels of triglycerides?": "The National Cholesterol Education Program sets guidelines for triglyceride levels:",
        "Can niacin help with cholesterol or triglycerides?": "The B vitamin niacin can boost HDL \u201cgood\" cholesterol and lower LDL \u201cbad\u201d cholesterol and triglycerides -- but don't use it unless your doctor tells you to. Only prescription-level doses impact cholesterol and triglycerides. And prescription-strength doses have side effects. That's why you need a doctor's supervision.",
        "What are hydrogenated fats?": "Hydrogenated fats are liquid vegetable oils made creamy when manufacturers convert some of the unsaturated fats into saturated ones through a process called \"hydrogenation.\" This process also rearranges the molecular shape of the remaining unsaturated fats. The resulting shape is an abnormal \"trans\" shape.",
        "When can I eat or drink again after fasting for a blood test?": "As soon as your blood is taken, your fast is over. You might want to bring a snack and a drink with you so you can eat as soon as possible after the test.",
        "How can fish oil help with cholesterol or triglycerides?": "Omega-3 fatty acids have been promoted to help lower triglycerides. The American Heart Association recommends that you eat non-fried oily fish (salmon, anchovies, herring, mackerel, tuna, and sardines) at least twice a week to help reduce the risk of heart attacks and stroke. Your body can\u2019t make the omega-3s contained in fatty fish like salmon, sardines, tuna, anchovies, and mackerel.",
        "Can omega-3 fatty acids help lower cholesterol?": "Eating foods rich in omega-3 fatty acids may help reduce heart disease and lower triglycerides. Omega-3 fatty acids decrease the rate at which the liver produces triglycerides. Omega-3 fatty acids also have an anti-inflammatory effect in the body, decrease the growth of plaque in the arteries, and aid in thinning blood. Aim for at least two servings of fatty fish like salmon, mackerel, herring, tuna, and sardines per week. Other dietary sources of omega-3 fatty acids include flax seed and walnuts. Supplement sources include fish oil capsules, flaxseed and flaxseed oil. If you are considering taking omega-3 fatty acids, first discuss with your health care provider if omega-3 fatty acid supplements are right for you, especially if you are currently taking blood-thinning medication."
    },
    "Chronic Fatigue Syndrome": {},
    "Cold and Flu": {
        "What are indications that I should call a doctor about a cold?": "Call your doctor about a cold if:",
        "How long does a cold usually progress over time?": "For the first few days of a cold, the nose teems with watery nasal secretions. Later, these become thicker and yellower or greener. You may get a mild cough. It won't get much worse, but it is likely to last into the second week of your illness. If you suffer from chronic bronchitis or asthma, a cold will make it worse.",
        "How can you give a cold to someone else?": "You can give other people your cold just by being around them. Your sneezes and coughs can send virus particles as far as 12 feet through the air where they can land in someone's mouth or nose or be inhaled into the lungs. Others can also catch your cold if they touch you or something you've come into contact with and then touch their mouth or nose.",
        "When are you most contagious with a cold?": "Symptoms of a cold can be felt about one to four days after catching a cold virus. They start with a burning feeling in the nose or throat, followed by sneezing, a runny nose, and a feeling of being tired and unwell. This is the period when you are the most contagious, so it's best to stay home and rest.",
        "What is the point in seeking medical attention for a severe cold?": "If your cold is severe, seek medical attention. Your doctor likely will examine your throat, lungs, and ears. If your doctor suspects strep throat, they will take a culture and determine if you have an infection and may need antibiotics. If they suspect pneumonia, you will need a chest X-ray.",
        "What can I give my child to help with mucus in a cough?": "An expectorant like guaifenesin (Mucinex) may help thin mucus, which lets your child cough it up more easily. They need to drink a lot of water while taking it. There is little scientific evidence that guaifenesin or any chemical expectorant actually works.",
        "Why do you get a fever when you have the flu?": "A fever kills the virus by making your body hotter than normal. That also helps germ-killing proteins in your blood get where they need to be more quickly. So if you run a slight fever for a day or two, you could get well faster.",
        "How long does pneumonia last?": "Pneumonia can hang around for about two weeks, or even longer in young children, elderly adults, and those who have weakened immune systems or ongoing illness like chronic obstructive pulmonary disease or asthma. Even healthy people may feel tired or weak for a month or more after their lungs clear up.",
        "Is there a vaccine for pneumonia?": "There are two types of vaccines for pneumonia: pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccine for adults and the pneumococcal conjugate vaccine for children.",
        "Can my child still get the flu if they've had the flu shot?": "Vaccines don't always prevent the flu. Your child could get a strain of the virus that the vaccine doesn't work against. But even if this happens, the shot should ease their symptoms.",
        "Is there a flu vaccine for seniors?": "A high-dose vaccine called Fluzone is recommended for those 65 and older. It has four times as much active ingredient as a regular flu shot. That means it can do a better job of getting an older immune system up and running.",
        "Can I combine over-the-counter pain relievers with other cold medicines?": "Since combination cold medicines often have a pain reliever in them, usually acetaminophen or ibuprofen, be careful that you don't take another painkiller on top of that. Read the ingredients label to see which pain reliever is in your cold medicine. If it's one that's not safe to take with your medical condition, look for another. To be safe, talk with your doctor about any over-the-counter drugs you're thinking of using.",
        "Is it better to take a decongestant or an antihistamine?": "If you have nasal or sinus congestion, then a decongestant can be helpful. If you have drainage -- either a runny nose or postnasal drip or itchy, watery eyes -- then an antihistamine may be helpful. Over-the-counter antihistamines often make people drowsy; decongestants can make people hyper or keep them awake. Antihistamines can make secretions thick, which can be a problem for people with asthma. Keep in mind that both these medications may interact with other drugs you may be taking for conditions such as heart disease, and they may worsen some conditions. Discuss with your doctor or pharmacist which cold medication may be best for you.",
        "What foods are high in glutathione?": "Glutathione is another nutrient that has been found to strengthen the immune system so it can fight infections. This powerful antioxidant is most plentiful in the red, pulpy area of the watermelon near the rind. It can also be found in broccoli, Brussels sprouts, cabbage, cauliflower, spinach, and other cruciferous vegetables.",
        "When should I call the doctor about my cold?": "Most colds last about seven to 10 days, but if your symptoms linger, you may need to call the doctor. Sometimes, colds lead to an infection by bacteria in in your lungs, sinuses, or ears. If that happens, your doctor may prescribe antibiotics, which work against bacteria but not against viruses.",
        "What foods are rich in vitamin E?": "Foods rich in vitamin E include almonds, corn oil, cod-liver oil, hazelnuts, lobster, peanut butter, safflower oil, salmon steak, and sunflower seeds.",
        "Does hot tea help fight colds?": "Drinking hot tea is another great old home remedy. Hot tea helps to thin mucus and ensure proper hydration of the body. Green and black tea are filled with flavonoids, which are potent antioxidants.",
        "What vapors or ointments can help with a cough and congestion?": "Camphor and menthol are natural treatments. They usually come in an ointment you rub on your throat and chest. Their strong-smelling vapors may ease your cough and open up your stuffy head.",
        "Is there a vaccine for the swine flu?": "The same flu vaccine that protects against seasonal flu also protects against the H1N1 swine flu strain. You can get it as a shot or as a nasal spray. Either way, it \"teaches\" your immune system to attack the real virus.",
        "How can you catch the common cold?": "You can catch the cold from another person who is infected with the virus. This can happen by direct physical contact or by touching a surface contaminated with their germs and then touching your nose or mouth. You can also catch it from infected droplets in the air released by a sneeze or a cough.",
        "What causes the symptoms in a common cold?": "A cold begins when a virus attaches to the lining of your nose or throat. Your immune system -- the body's defense against germs -- sends out white blood cells to attack this invader. Unless you've had a run-in with that exact strain of the virus before, the initial attack fails and your body sends in reinforcements. Your nose and throat get inflamed and make a lot of mucus. With so much of your energy directed at fighting the cold virus, you're left feeling tired and miserable.",
        "What are symptoms of a cold?": "When a cold strikes, you may have symptoms like:",
        "How can my diet affect my immune system?": "Eating or drinking too much sugar curbs immune system cells that attack bacteria. This effect lasts for at least a few hours after downing a couple of sugary drinks.",
        "What are the best foods to eat for a cold or the flu?": "Here are some good foods to eat when you're battling a cold or the flu:"
    },
    "Colorectal Cancer": {
        "Can food affect a fecal occult blood test?": "Certain foods can affect the results, so don\u2019t eat these foods for 2-3 days before you take the test:",
        "Is it normal to bleed after a colonoscopy?": "You could notice blood from your rectum or in your stool after a colonoscopy. Most of the time, this happens because your doctor had to take a tissue sample or remove a polyp from your colon. Call your doctor right away if it continues or if there\u2019s a lot of blood. Certain medications, such as vitamins and over-the-counter painkillers like aspirin, can increase your risk of bleeding. If you take them, be sure to tell your doctor before you go in for your procedure.",
        "Can I eat after a colonoscopy?": "You can eat regularly after you leave the doctor\u2019s office. You may have cramping or pass gas, but these are normal.",
        "What are symptoms of colon cancer?": "Symptoms of colon cancer include:",
        "What problems could I have after a colonoscopy?": "Make sure you understand the instructions you get before you go home. You may need to avoid certain medicines, such as blood thinners, for a while if your doctor did a biopsy or removed any polyps.",
        "How long does a colonoscopy take?": "The entire procedure should take between 20 and 30 minutes. You\u2019ll stay in a recovery room for about 30 minutes to an hour to wake up from the sedative.",
        "Where can colon cancer spread to?": "In the U.S., 20% of people who find out they have colon cancer learn that it has spread to distant parts of their body. Cancer can also spread \u201clocally,\u201d through the lymph nodes and bloodstream. Colon cancer most often spreads to the liver, lungs, and peritoneum (the lining of the abdomen). This cancer can also reach the bones and other organs. If it spreads to another organ, that\u2019s called metastatic, or stage IV, colon cancer.",
        "What are symptoms of colon cancer that has spread to the lungs?": "Because the lungs receive blood flow from the rest of the body, cancer can travel there from other organs, including the colon. Cancer that has spread to the lungs often affects breathing. Symptoms include:",
        "How likely are tubular adenomas to become cancerous?": "Almost all colon cancer starts out as polyps. They can grow slowly, over a decade or more. If you have tubular adenomas, they have about 4%-5% chance of becoming cancerous. The odds that villous adenomas will turn out to be dangerous are several times higher.",
        "How do tubular adenomas form?": "Sometimes cells in your body grow out of control, a process called mutation. Some of the abnormal cells can turn into polyps and other types of tumors. Tubular adenomas are often small -- less than 1/2 inch. Just like the name, they grow in a tube shape.",
        "Can you have a bad reaction to anesthesia in a colonoscopy?": "You\u2019ll be asleep during your exam, so you won\u2019t feel anything. You may feel woozy or shaky when you wake up. In rare cases, some people can have serious reactions to the medications such as heart or breathing problems. But your doctor is trained to identify and treat these side effects. Tell your doctor if you\u2019re allergic to any medicines or have ever had a bad reaction to anesthesia.",
        "How can a colonoscopy find tubular adenomas?": "During a colonoscopy, your doctor inserts a long, flexible tube with a lens into your rectum and along your colon. On a video monitor, any tubular adenomas will show up as a lump sticking out from your colon's lining.",
        "What is a colostomy irrigation?": "Colostomy irrigation is a way to manage bowel movements by emptying the colon at a scheduled time. The process involves putting water into the colon through the stoma. This causes the colon to empty.",
        "When do you need to take antibiotics before a colonoscopy?": "You may need to take antibiotics before the colonoscopy if you:",
        "What should I do if my stoma bleeds?": "The stoma may bleed a little bit when you clean it. Call your doctor if the bleeding doesn't stop, or if you notice blood inside your pouch.",
        "Who is more likely to get tubular adenomas?": "You\u2019re more likely to get tubular adenomas if you are:",
        "What are symptoms of colon cancer that has spread to the liver?": "The liver removes toxic substances from the body and produces bile, a fluid used in digestion. Colon cancer can spread to the liver through a blood vessel that connects the intestines and liver. Many people don\u2019t have symptoms at first, if colon cancer is in their liver. If they do have symptoms, they may be vague and can include:",
        "What is peritoneal cancer?": "Cancer cells that break off from the main tumor can get into the lining of the abdomen, called the peritoneum.",
        "How long do biopsy results for colon cancer take?": "Biopsy results can take one or two days, and sometimes longer. The pathologist might need extra time to get a second opinion or to look at another tissue sample.",
        "What are symptoms of stage IV colon cancer?": "Many people with colon cancer don\u2019t have symptoms. The disease, at any stage, may cause:",
        "What follow-up will you need if you've had a tubular adenoma?": "If you\u2019ve had tubular or any other types of adenomas, you\u2019ll need to have a follow-up colonoscopy to make sure they don\u2019t return. Usually, you\u2019ll need a repeat procedure every 3-5 years. But you may need one sooner if you had a lot of polyps, if they were big, or if your doctor was not able to remove them all.",
        "What are symptoms of colon cancer that has spread to the lining of the abdomen?": "Symptoms of peritoneal cancer include:",
        "Do colon polyps raise your risk of colon cancer?": "If you have a history of polyps in your colon, you\u2019re more likely to get colon cancer. Screening is your best way to prevent that. Doctors generally recommend getting your first colonoscopy at age 50. You may need to start at age 40 or earlier if:",
        "What is a tubular adenoma?": "Tubular adenomas are the most common types of colon polyps doctors remove during a colonoscopy. This type of polyp can become cancerous, and that danger goes up the bigger the polyps get."
    },
    "Coronavirus": {},
    "Crohns Disease": {
        "What types of steroids treat Crohn's disease?": "Steroids are also called corticosteroids. The ones most often used for Crohn\u2019s include:",
        "What are the main goals if you have Crohn's disease?": "When you have Crohn's disease, you have two main goals:",
        "How does Crohn's disease affect your body?": "Crohn\u2019s disease is a type of inflammatory bowel disease. That means that your body\u2019s immune system attacks and damages your bowel or gastrointestinal system. It\u2019s a chronic, meaning long-term, condition that gets in the way of your body\u2019s ability to take in important nutrients. It can also affect the way you digest food and get rid of waste. Crohn\u2019s can involve any part of your gut. But the ileum, the last part of your small intestine, is most commonly affected.",
        "What should you eat during a Crohn's disease flare-up?": "As a general rule, the best foods to stick to during flare-ups are bland, low fiber, and low fat. Some foods that may fit the bill are:",
        "What kinds of OTC medications may ease symptoms of Crohn's disease?": "Over-the-counter medicines don\u2019t need a prescription. These may help ease some of your symptoms. But some may also make them worse or interfere with your prescription medicines.",
        "What are the types of 5-ASA drugs for Crohn's disease?": "There are four main 5-ASA drugs:",
        "How does a CT scan help with diagnosing Crohn's disease?": "CT scanning uses computer-aided X-ray techniques to produce more detailed images of the abdomen and pelvis than can be seen in traditional X-rays. CT scans can help detect abscesses that might not show up on other X-rays. Abscesses are small pockets of infection.",
        "What are the side effects of certolizumab pegol (Cimzia) for Crohn's disease?": "What are the most common side effects?",
        "What are the four main 5-aminosalicylic acid drugs for Crohn's disease?": "There are four main 5-aminosalicylic acid drugs:",
        "How do you know if you have Crohn's disease?": "There isn't any one test that can tell you whether or not you have Crohn's disease. And its symptoms are the same as symptoms for other health problems. So, to make a diagnosis of Crohn's, you'll probably go through a combination of exams, lab tests, and imaging studies to rule out other health problems that have similar symptoms and determine which part of your digestive tract is affected. Lab tests check for signs of infection, inflammation, internal bleeding, and low levels of substances such as iron, protein, or minerals. X-rays and other images can help identify the severity and location of the problem.",
        "What are the signs and symptoms of colon strictures?": "Colon strictures are areas of narrowing in your large intestine, or bowel. A colon stricture slows or stops waste from passing through.",
        "What are the types of colon stricture?": "A colon stricture is a narrowing in parts of your large intestine, or bowel. This is where your body converts digested food into poop. A colon stricture slows or stops that waste from passing through.",
        "How is certolizumab pegol (Cimzia) used to treat Crohn's disease?": "This drug reduces symptoms of moderate to severe Crohn\u2019s disease. It also helps to keep them from returning. You get it by a shot under the skin.",
        "What foods should you avoid during a Crohn's disease flare-up?": "Some foods can be hard to digest and may make the situation worse. You may want to avoid:",
        "What immunosuppressants are used to treat Crohn's disease?": "Crohn's disease may be treated with drugs that stop the immune system from causing inflammation. These drugs, called immunomodulators, change the way the immune system behaves. Immunosuppressants decrease the activity of the immune system, while immunostimulators increase the activity. Immunosuppressants prescribed for Crohn's disease include:",
        "How does the immune system in a person with Crohn's disease work?": "Your immune system defends again invaders with inflammation. For some reason, people with Crohn's disease have an immune system that reacts inappropriately. Sometimes your body attacks helpful microbes. Or the inflammatory response just won\ufffdt stop. Either way, over time, this chronic inflammation in the digestive system can result in ulcers and other injuries to the intestines."
    },
    "DVT": {
        "How can you tell if a blood clot is forming in your heart?": "A blood clot that forms in or around your heart may cause a heart attack. Watch out for symptoms like:",
        "How can you tell if a blood clot is forming in your arms and legs?": "When a blood clot forms in one of the deep veins in your arm or leg, way beneath your skin's surface, it could be something called a deep vein thrombosis (DVT). That's dangerous because the clot could travel to your heart or lungs. You're more likely to get DVT if you haven't moved around for a long time, say after surgery or during a long plane trip. Get medical help right away if you notice any of these symptoms:",
        "What are the long-term effects of blood clots?": "Sometimes a clot can leave behind scars and other damage that can cause problems.",
        "What does a high result from a D-Dimer test mean?": "It means you\u2019ll need more tests to see whether you have a blood clot. This test can\u2019t confirm that you have any conditions. It can only help rule them out.",
        "What are some of the more serious risks with peripheral artery disease (PAD)?": "Peripheral artery disease (PAD) isn\u2019t a medical emergency, but lack of blood flow to your legs can cause serious problems like gangrene. That\u2019s when the tissue in your leg dies.",
        "What are some symptoms of deep vein thrombosis?": "Deep vein thrombosis (DVT) normally affects just one leg. Symptoms include:",
        "When is deep vein thrombosis a medical emergency?": "About half of the people who get deep vein thrombosis won\u2019t have any signs. You may not know you have a clot unless a piece of it breaks off and travels to your lung. That\u2019s a medical emergency. Call 911 right away if you have:",
        "What are the symptoms of deep vein thrombosis (DVT)?": "If you have deep vein thrombosis (DVT), you may notice the following:",
        "What is superficial venous thrombosis?": "Superficial venous thrombosis is a blood clot that forms in a vein close to the surface of the skin. They don\u2019t normally break loose and travel through the bloodstream, but they can be painful and need treatment.",
        "Do compression socks help athletic performance?": "Studies show that compression stockings have little to no effect on it, but some people swear by them. Maybe thinking they have an edge gives them one. The evidence for faster recovery is better, but not enough to make a difference for weekend warriors.",
        "What is superficial thrombophlebitis?": "Superficial thrombophlebitis happens when a blood clot forms in a vein just under your skin. If you have it, you may notice some or all of the following:",
        "What are anticoagulants?": "Anticoagulants are medicines that keep your blood from clotting, or turning into solid clumps of cells that stick together. Most come in pill form. Some popular ones include:",
        "Who needs to use blood thinners?": "About 2 million to 3 million people take blood thinners every year. You may need them if you\u2019ve already had a heart attack or a stroke, since they can lower your risk of having a second one.",
        "What should I do if my leg is red, swollen, painful, or warm?": "If one of your legs is red, swollen, painful, or warm, get it checked out right away. A number of conditions can cause these symptoms. Some of them are harmless. Others are much more serious.",
        "What causes deep vein thrombosis (DVT)?": "You can get deep vein thrombosis (DVT) at any age, and several things can cause it. Some of them include:",
        "Why do people wear compression stockings?": "People wear compression stockings for comfort, to do better in sports, and to help prevent serious medical conditions.",
        "How can you wear compression stockings?": "Some athletes, including runners, basketball players, and triathletes, wear compression socks and sleeves on their legs and arms. The theory is that, during activity, better blood flow will help get oxygen to their muscles, and the support will help prevent tissue damage -- and afterward, the beefed-up blood and lymph circulation will help their muscles recover quickly. They won't be as sore, and they won't cramp as much.",
        "How do you wear compression stockings?": "Smooth out the stockings so they lie flat against your skin. Avoid bunching.",
        "What do compression stockings do?": "The pressure these stockings put on your legs helps your blood vessels work better. The arteries that take oxygen-rich blood to your muscles can relax, so blood flows freely. The veins get a boost pushing blood back to your heart.",
        "What are the different kinds of compression stockings?": "Socks and sleeves come in different lengths to cover different parts of your body. For deep vein thrombosis (DVT), most stockings go to just below the knee, but you can get thigh-highs and tights, too.",
        "What is peripheral artery disease (PAD)?": "You get peripheral artery disease (PAD) when the arteries in your legs become hard and narrow. In PAD, plaque builds up in the arteries. Over time, it can block blood flow to your legs.",
        "How long does it take to recover from blood clot?": "It\u2019s not something you feel instantly. A DVT or pulmonary embolism can take weeks or months to totally dissolve. Even a surface clot, which is a very minor issue, can take weeks to go away.",
        "How can you tell if a blood clot is forming in your kidney?": "A blood clot in your kidneys can keep them from removing waste from your body. That can cause high blood pressure or even kidney failure. This is dangerous, so look out for these symptoms:"
    },
    "Depression": {
        "Does curcumin have side effects?": "The risk of side effects from turmeric and its active ingredient, curcumin, is low. But there are some things to watch out for if you take a supplement:",
        "Do antidepressants change your personality?": "When taken correctly, antidepressants will not change your personality. Rarely, people feel apathy or loss of emotions while on certain antidepressants. When this happens, lowering the dose or switching to a different antidepressant may help.",
        "What is anxiety?": "Anxiety is a normal reaction to stress, but when it takes on a life of its own it becomes an unhealthy, generalized reaction that affects the body and mind. Symptoms can include rapid heartbeat, aches and pains, and muscle tension.",
        "How long can depression last?": "If left untreated, some depressive disorders can last years.",
        "How long do SSRIs take to work?": "Everyone is different when it comes to seeing improvements on SSRIs. But people typically start noticing positive changes after about 4 to 6 weeks of treatment. It can take several months to feel the full effect of the medication.",
        "What are hormones?": "Hormones are substances produced by your endocrine glands that have a tremendous effect on bodily processes. They affect growth and development, mood, sexual function, reproduction, and metabolism.",
        "What is 'situational' depression?": "Situational depression isn't a clinical term in psychiatry, but you can have a depressed mood when you're having trouble managing a stressful event in your life, such as a death in your family, a divorce, or losing your job. Your doctor may call this \"stress response syndrome.\"",
        "What is mania?": "Mania is a high state that happens when you have a mental illness called bipolar disorder. Your mood can swing from day to day or over weeks or months from the lows of depression to the highs of mania. During the mania stage, you may feel good and full of energy. Mania and bipolar disorder are serious medical issue that require treatment.",
        "Is depression hereditary?": "Depression can run in families. When it does, depression usually comes on between ages 15 and 30. A family link to depression is much more common in women. But genetic or hereditary factors don\u2019t always explain why someone gets depression.",
        "When should I seek help for depression?": "If your symptoms of depression are causing problems with relationships, work, or your family -- and there isn't a clear solution -- you should see a professional. Talking with a mental health counselor or doctor can help prevent things from getting worse, especially if your symptoms stay for any length of time. It's important to understand that feeling depressed doesn't mean you have depression. Depression involves not only changes in mood, but also changes in sleep, energy, appetite, concentration, and motivation. If you have physical symptoms like these and find yourself feeling depressed much of the time for days or weeks, see your doctor.",
        "What is behavioral activation in cognitive behavioral therapy?": "Behavioral activation is a goal of cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) that aims to help people engage more often in enjoyable activities and improve their problem-solving skills. In CBT, the therapist helps you schedule enjoyable experiences, often with other people in your life. Part of the process is deciding how to get past any obstacles that stand in the way of enjoyment.",
        "What is cognitive restructuring in cognitive behavioral therapy?": "Cognitive restructuring is the process in cognitive behavioral therapy of finding and changing inaccurate negative thoughts that can lead to depression.",
        "How are monoamine oxidase inhibitors used as antidepressants?": "Monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) include selegiline (Emsam), isocarboxazid (Marplan), phenelzine (Nardil), and tranylcypromine (Parnate). These drugs seem to work a little differently. Monoamine oxidase is a natural enzyme that breaks down serotonin, epinephrine, and dopamine. MAOIs block the effects of this enzyme. As a result, the levels of those neurotransmitters might get a boost. The downside is that MAOIs also prevent the body's ability to break down other medicines metabolized by this enzyme (such as Sudafed, or stimulants) -- raising the risk for high blood pressure -- as well as an amino acid called tyrosine, which is found in certain foods like aged meats and cheeses. MAOIs also shouldn't be combined with other medicines that can raise serotonin (such as certain migraine medicines, or other antidepressants), because that can cause a buildup of excessive serotonin (called \"serotonin syndrome\"), which could be life threatening.",
        "What is dysthymia?": "Dysthymia, sometimes referred to as mild, chronic depression, is less severe and has fewer symptoms than major depression. With dysthymia, the depression symptoms can linger for a long period of time, often two years or longer. Those who suffer from dysthymia can also experience periods of major depression --sometimes called \"double depression.\" In modern diagnostic classification systems, dysthymia and chronic depression are now both called \"persistent depressive disorders.\"",
        "What can help you manage constipation caused by antidepressants?": "To help with constipation that's a side effect of antidepressants, eat plenty of high-fiber foods, or take a fiber supplement. Stool softeners can help, too.",
        "What can help you manage blurred vision caused by antidepressants?": "To help with blurred vision that is a side effect of antidepressants, ask your doctor about special eye drops that can moisten your eyes.",
        "What are the signs and symptoms of dysthymia?": "\ufffdSadness or depressed mood most of the day or almost every day"
    },
    "Diabetes": {
        "Is diabetic retinopathy treatable?": "People with diabetic retinopathy need to get dilated eye exams at least once a year. If DME appears or the disease gets to an advanced stage, it can be treated with a combination of injections, laser surgery, and steroid drugs.",
        "What are the complications of diabetic retinopathy?": "If diabetic retinopathy causes fluid buildup and swelling in a part of your retina called the macula, you can get dDiabetic macular edema (DME) , or swelling in part of your retina called the macula, is a serious complication of diabetic retinopathy. A healthy macula gives you sharp vision straight in front of you. This is what you need to drive, read, or see other people's faces. If your diabetic retinopathy causes fluid build-up and swelling in your macula, you can get DME.",
        "Can diabetic retinopathy cause vision loss?": "In the later stages, it can cause permanent loss of vision.",
        "How does a doctor check for diabetic retinopathy?": "Your doctor will do a diabetic eye screening that includes a measure of distance vision, pupil dilation, and an exam of the retina and optic nerve, a test of the pressure inside the eye, and an OCT scan to capture images of the inner eye tissues.",
        "What are the stages of diabetic retinopathy?": "Stage 1: Mild nonproliferative retinopathy",
        "Can you prevent diabetic retinopathy?": "Work with your doctor to keep your blood sugar and blood pressure at good levels. This will help to slow down diabetic retinopathy or may even stop it from happening.",
        "Can diabetes cause problems in your eyes?": "Over time, high blood sugar can damage the tiny blood vessels in your eyes. That can lead to a condition called diabetic retinopathy. High blood sugar can also lead to cataracts and glaucoma, which happen earlier and more often when you have diabetes.",
        "Is CBD safe?": "CBD comes in many forms, from liquid drops and capsules you swallow, to vapes. But the FDA doesn't regulate most of those products. The only FDA-approved form of CBD oil is Epidiolex, a prescription drug that treats two types of epilepsy. So it's hard to be sure that other CBD products are what they say they are, even if the label looks \"official.\"",
        "What is metformin-associated lactic acidosis?": "This is a dangerous condition caused by the buildup of lactic acid, a chemical that your muscles and red blood cells make naturally. When it happens while taking metformin, it's called MALA (metformin-associated lactic acidosis). The problem is extremely rare, happening in a tiny fraction of people who take the drug. It's more likely to happen in people whose kidneys don't work properly and can't clear metformin from the body.",
        "What are the risk factors for diabetic retinopathy?": "If you have any form of diabetes -- type 1, type 2, or gestational -- you may get diabetic retinopathy. Your chance goes up the longer you have diabetes. As many as 45%lmost half of Americans diagnosed with diabetes have some stage of diabetic retinopathy. Only about half of them know they have this disease. Women who have diabetes or get it during pregnancy may have fast-onset or progressive diabetic retinopathy.",
        "Is quinoa a low-glycemic index food?": "Quinoa is a nutritional powerhouse, packed with manganese, copper, and other vitamins and minerals.",
        "What does it mean if a blood test shows you have a high anion gap?": "If your doctor says you have a high anion gap, you may have a higher than normal amount of acid in your blood. The doctor may call this \"acidosis.\" It can be a symptom of conditions like:",
        "What is a nuclear stress test?": "A nuclear stress test helps to determine which parts of the heart are healthy and work normally, and which aren't. You'll get a very small and harmless amount of radioactive substance injected into you to help with the imaging. The test makes pictures of the blood flow to your heart muscle both at rest and after exercise.",
        "What is diabetic peripheral neuropathy?": "Peripheral neuropathy is nerve damage caused by chronically high blood sugar and diabetes. It leads to numbness, loss of sensation, and sometimes pain in your feet, legs, or hands. It is the most common complication of diabetes.",
        "Why does keeping your blood sugar under control when you have diabetes help your eye health?": "If you keep your blood sugar under control, you can slow any damage to the tiny blood vessels in your eyes. Several times a year, you should have an A1c blood test. It shows your blood sugar levels over the past 2 or 3 months. Your result should be around 7% or less.",
        "What is an anion gap test?": "An anion gap test tells you how much acid is in your blood. Acid levels that are higher or lower than normal can tip your doctor off to a health problem -- and help them find the right treatment for you.",
        "What is an eye muscle function test for people with diabetes?": "An eye muscle function test checks for any problems you might have with the muscles around your eyeballs. Your doctor moves an object, like a pen, around, asking you to follow it with just your eyes. Because of the risk of eye problems with uncontrolled diabetes, keep up with your recommended eye exams.",
        "What is sorbitol?": "Sorbitol is a fruit-derived sugar that the body uses slowly. It is a sweetener used in diet foods; it's called a \"nutritive sweetener\" because it has four calories in every gram, just like table sugar and starch. These compounds are used in many foods labeled as ''sugar-free'' and ''no sugar added'' and can raise your blood glucose. Keep in mind that because a food is labeled ''sugar-free,'' it doesn't necessarily mean carbohydrate-free."
    },
    "Diet & Weight Management": {
        "What is the difference between folate and folic acid?": "Folate is the generic name for a type of B vitamin. It\u2019s found naturally in foods as folate. Folic acid is the manmade version sold as supplements and added to fortified foods. Folate and folic acid have the same effects.",
        "What are the symptoms of vitamin B12 deficiency?": "If you have vitamin B12 deficiency, you could become anemic. A mild deficiency may cause no symptoms, but if untreated, it may lead to symptoms such as:",
        "How is a vitamin B12 deficiency treated?": "You'll need shots of this vitamin at first. You may need to keep getting these shots, take high doses of a supplement, or get it nasally after that.",
        "How can I prevent vitamin B12 deficiency?": "Most people can prevent vitamin B12 deficiency by eating enough meat, poultry, seafood, dairy products, and eggs.",
        "What is intravenous or injected magnesium used for?": "Intravenous or injected magnesium is used to treat certain conditions, such as eclampsia during pregnancy and severe asthma attacks.",
        "Are there risks from taking magnesium?": "Magnesium supplements can cause nausea, cramps, and diarrhea. They often cause softening of stool.",
        "What are the vegetable options for the hCG diet for weight loss?": "Vegetable choices include spinach, chard, chicory, beet greens, green salad, tomatoes, celery, fennel, onions, red radishes, cucumbers, asparagus, and cabbage.",
        "What prescription omega-3 fatty acids are available?": "These are some of the prescription-strength omega-3 fatty acids that are available:",
        "What is the highest dose of magnesium that I can take safely?": "Excessive use of magnesium supplements can be toxic. In addition to what you get from food, the highest dose you should take of magnesium supplements is:",
        "Can MCT oil help my digestion?": "Your doctor may have you get more MCT if you have trouble digesting other kinds of fat or you struggle to get the nutrients you need. This can happen if you take some medications, or you have:",
        "What are the side effects of taking black cohosh?": "The side effects of using black cohosh include headaches and upset stomach but there are many others. Side effects may be more likely to happen at high doses. There have been some people who may have developed liver problems, the specifics of which are still being investigated. So if you have pre-existing liver problems, or are taking any other medication/substance that affects the liver, don't take black cohosh or talk to your doctor before using.",
        "How much black cohosh should you take?": "For menopausal symptoms, the dose of black cohosh used in studies is 20-40 milligram tablets of a standardized extract taken twice a day. More than 900 milligrams a day of black cohosh is considered an overdose. Directions for taking black cohosh in other forms will vary. Some experts say no one should take black cohosh for more than 6 months at a time.",
        "Who shouldn't take bee pollen?": "Given the lack of evidence about its safety, bee pollen is not recommended for children or for women who are pregnant or breastfeeding.",
        "What are the risks of taking bee pollen?": "Generally, bee pollen seems fairly safe. But it could cause serious reactions in people with allergies to honey, pollen, or bee stings. Symptoms could include itching, redness, swelling, hives, shortness of breath, and anaphylactic shock. If you have a medical condition, check with your doctor before you start using bee pollen. It might not be safe for people with allergic asthma, blood disorders, or liver disease.",
        "How much bee pollen should you take?": "Since bee pollen is an unproven treatment, there is no standard dose. Some people use 1/8 to 1/4 teaspoon of bee pollen granules daily. They gradually increase the dose up to 6 teaspoons. Ask your doctor for advice.",
        "What's the difference between a sedentary lifestyle, a moderately active lifestyle and an active lifestyle?": "Sedentary means a lifestyle that includes light physical activity associated with typical activities of daily living. Moderately active consists of walking 1.5 to 3 miles daily at a pace of 3 to 4 miles per hour (or the equivalent). An active person walks more than 3 miles daily at the same pace, or equivalent exercise.",
        "Is it safe to drink distilled water?": "Yes. But you'll probably find it flat or bland tasting. That's because it's stripped of important minerals like calcium, sodium, and magnesium that give tap water its familiar flavor.",
        "What is the Sugar Busters! Diet?": "It's a high-fiber diet made up of fruits, vegetables, proteins, and whole grains. But you have to give up refined sugar and flour."
    },
    "Digestive Disorders": {
        "What are the symptoms of a hernia?": "For inguinal, femoral, umbilical, and incisional hernias, symptoms may include:",
        "What are the most common signs of bowel obstruction?": "Signs of bowel obstruction depend on how bad the obstruction is. But it almost always comes with abdominal pain and cramping. Other possible signs are:",
        "Will a barium enema help determine if I have a bowel obstruction?": "Your doctor may give you a barium enema to check if you have a bowel obstruction. In this test, a special liquid that contains barium (a whitish-silver metal) will be inserted into your rectum. It will spread into your bowels and appear on an X-ray as a bright area. If there\u2019s a blocked area, the barium may show it.",
        "What is constipation?": "If fecal material sits in the colon, the harder the stool becomes and the more difficult it is to pass. This condition is known as constipation. A normal stool should not be either unusually hard or soft, and you shouldn't have to strain unreasonably to pass it.",
        "Which conditions have similar symptoms with appendicitis?": "Symptoms of appendicitis are a lot like other, less urgent conditions, such as bladder infection, colitis, Crohn's disease, gastritis, gastroenteritis, and ovary problems.",
        "Which medications can cause constipation?": "Medications that can cause constipation include:",
        "What causes chronic constipation?": "Dehydration is one of the most common causes of chronic constipation. The food you eat makes its way from your stomach to the large intestine, or colon. If you don't have enough water in your body already -- if you're dehydrated -- the large intestine soaks up water from your food waste. This makes hard stools that are difficult to pass.  There are other causes of chronic constipation, including:",
        "Will drinking more fluids cure constipation?": "No. Extra fluids help keep the stool soft and easy to pass, but drinking more liquids does not cure constipation.",
        "How can coagulation or cauterization be used to treat hemorrhoids?": "In a procedure called coagulation or cauterization, your doctor uses an electric probe, a laser beam, or an infrared light tp make a tiny burn to remove tissue and painlessly seal the end of the hemorrhoid, causing it to close off and shrink. This works best for prolapsed hemorrhoids.",
        "Can \"sitz baths\" help with hemorrhoids?": "Warm (but not hot) \"sitz baths\" are a time-honored therapy: Sit in about 3 inches of warm water for 15 minutes or so, several times a day. This helps reduce swelling in the area and relaxes your clenching sphincter muscle. It's especially good after pooping.",
        "Can petroleum jelly help with hemorrhoids?": "Put a little petroleum jelly just inside your anus to make pooping hurt less. Don't force it!",
        "What causes gallstones?": "Bile can be part of the problem. Your body needs bile, but if it has too much cholesterol in it, that makes gallstones more likely. It can also happen if your gallbladder can\u2019t empty properly. Pigment stones are more common in people with certain medical conditions, such as cirrhosis (a liver disease) or blood diseases such as sickle cell anemia.",
        "How is chronic pancreatitis treated?": "Chronic pancreatitis can be difficult to treat. Doctors will try to relieve the pain, improve the nutrition problems it caused, and give pancreatic enzymes and insulin. A low-fat diet may also help.",
        "When should I call my doctor about my diarrhea?": "Diarrhea is when your poop is loose and watery. Call your doctor immediately if you have:",
        "What are internal hemorrhoids?": "Internal hemorrhoids are far enough inside the rectum that you can't usually see or feel them. They don't generally hurt because you have few pain-sensing nerves there. Bleeding may be the only sign of them.",
        "How is a C. diff infection treated?": "Some antibiotics target C. diff. They include:",
        "Can pancreatitis be prevented?": "Because most cases of pancreatitis are caused by alcohol abuse, the best way to prevent it is to drink responsibly, or not at all.",
        "What are the risks of a hemorrhoidectomy?": "It's very common and is considered safe. However, any surgery has some risks including:",
        "What are the symptoms of an enlarged spleen?": "The most common symptoms of an enlarged spleen:",
        "When do I need surgery for hiatal hernia?": "If the hiatal hernia is in danger of becoming constricted or strangulated, you may need surgery to ease the hernia -- or, more simply, put things back where they belong.",
        "How can peptic ulcers cause blood in the stool?": "Peptic ulcers are open sores in the lining of the stomach or duodenum, the upper end of the small intestine, which can lead to bloody stools. Many peptic ulcers are caused by infection with a bacterium called Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori). Long-term use or high doses of anti-inflammatory drugs such as aspirin, ibuprofen, and naproxen can also cause ulcers.",
        "When should I see my doctor about hiatal hernia?": "If you've been diagnosed with a hiatal hernia and you have severe pain in the chest or abdomen, become nauseated, start vomiting, or you can't have a bowel movement or pass gas, you may have a strangulated hernia or an obstruction, which are medical emergencies. Call your doctor right away.",
        "How is acute pancreatitis diagnosed?": "To diagnose acute pancreatitis, doctors measure levels in the blood of two digestive enzymes, amylase and lipase. High levels of these two enzymes could mean you have acute pancreatitis.",
        "Can hemorrhoids cause blood clots?": "A blood clot can form in an external hemorrhoid, turning it purple or blue. It can hurt and itch a lot and could bleed. When the clot dissolves, you may still have a bit of skin left over, which could get irritated.",
        "What is a diverticulitis diet?": "You\u2019ll start by drinking only clear liquids, such as water, broth, non-pulpy juices, ice pops, and plain tea or coffee. As you start to feel better, you can add low-fiber foods such as eggs, yogurt, and cheese, and white rice and pasta. These foods are gentle on your digestive system."
    },
    "Dogs": {
        "How does the vet diagnose your dog with worms?": "Most worms that infect dogs -- including roundworms, tapeworms, hookworms, and whipworms -- live in the intestines. That\u2019s the first place for your vet will look.",
        "How will the doctor treat a dog bite?": "Your doctor will examine the injury to see whether the bite was deep enough to damage muscles, tendons, nerves, or bones. Then they'll thoroughly clean the wound to remove any dirt or bacteria, and dead tissue.",
        "Should you see a doctor for a dog bite?": "Yes. Although you can provide first aid for a dog bite at home, it's important to see a doctor, especially if an unfamiliar dog bit you, the bite is deep, you can't stop the bleeding, or there are any signs of infection (redness, swelling, warmth, pus). Dog bites can cause infections that need to be treated with antibiotics.",
        "What are the signs of worms in dogs?": "Tapeworms, roundworms, hookworms, and whipworms are common internal parasites in dogs. And although any worm infestation can make your pooch uncomfortable, some, like hookworms, can be fatal in puppies. Signs your dog may have worms include:",
        "What is the best way to diagnose a worm problem in dogs?": "The best way to diagnose a worm problem is with a visit to the vet. Treatment depends on which type of worm your dog has, but generally includes an oral medication and may require follow-up. Don't try treating worms yourself: A medication that kills roundworms, for example, doesn't kill tapeworms.",
        "What should I do if my dog has a seizure?": "Stay calm. If your dog is near something that could hurt it, like a piece of furniture or the stairs, gently slide your dog away. Avoid dog\u2019s mouth and head; it could bite you. Don\u2019t put anything in its mouth. If you can, time the seizure. If it lasts for more than a few minutes, your dog is at risk of overheating. Turn a fan on your dog and put cold water on its paws to cool it down. Talk to your dog softly. Call your vet when the seizure ends. If your dog has a seizure that lasts more than 5 minutes or if it has several in a row while unconscious, take it to a vet ASAP.",
        "What are the types of seizures in dogs?": "The most common kind is the generalized seizure, also called a grand mal seizure. A dog can lose consciousness and convulse. The abnormal electrical activity happens throughout the brain. Generalized seizures usually last from a few seconds to a few minutes. With a focal seizure, abnormal electrical activity happens in only part of the brain. Focal seizures can cause unusual movements in one limb or one side of the body. Sometimes they last only a couple of seconds. They may start as focal and then become generalized. A psychomotor seizure involves strange behavior that only lasts a couple of minutes. Your dog may suddenly start attacking an imaginary object or chasing its tail. It can be tricky to tell psychomotor seizures from odd behavior, but a dog that has them will always do the same thing every time it has a seizure. Seizures from unknown causes are called idiopathic epilepsy. They usually happen in dogs between 6 months and 6 years old. Although any dog can have a seizure, idiopathic epilepsy is more common in border collies, Australian shepherds, Labrador retrievers, beagles, Belgian Tervurens, collies, and German shepherds.",
        "Can humans get roundworms?": "It\u2019s rare, but roundworms can cause problems in people. If you have contact with dog poop or soil that\u2019s contaminated, you may get an infection. That can lead to eye, lung, heart, and neurological problems."
    },
    "Drugs and Medications": {},
    "Ear Infection": {
        "Is ear candling safe?": "It can cause serious harm to your ear. It\u2019s also risky to hold a lit candle close to your face. The flame or the melted wax could burn you. Candle wax may even drip into your ear canal, clog the passage, and make you lose your hearing for a while. There are also reports of punctured eardrums after the candling process.",
        "What is a myringotomy?": "A myringotomy is a procedure in which your doctor creates a small hole in the eardrum so fluids such as water, blood, or pus can drain out. In many cases, your doctor will put in a tube so it won't get backed up again.",
        "What happens if an ear infection is left untreated?": "Ear infections can lead to more serious complications, including mastoiditis (a rare inflammation of a bone adjacent to the ear), hearing loss, perforation of the eardrum, meningitis, facial nerve paralysis, and possibly -- in adults -- Meniere's disease.",
        "Can my child still get ear infections with ear tubes?": "Your child can still get ear infections with tubes, but usually not as many. The infections also won't cause hearing loss and tend to go away on their own or with antibiotic eardrops.",
        "How can food allergies cause itchy ears?": "If you have hay fever or a pollen allergy, your ears may itch when you eat certain fruits, vegetables, or tree nuts. Known as oral allergy syndrome, you may notice this most during allergy season. The prickly feeling in your ears should stop as soon as you swallow the food or take it out of your mouth. In most cases, you don\u2019t need treatment. Still, speak to your doctor. They may test you to see how severe your allergy is. People with extreme food allergies may need to carry an epinephrine auto-injector.",
        "How does a doctor check for fluid or blockage in the ear?": "Your doctor may check for blockage of your middle ear using an instrument that blows a little air at your eardrum while they look closely at it. This air should cause it to move back and forth a bit. If fluid is there, your eardrum won't move as much. They might also look for signs of infection with another instrument that uses sound and air pressure to check for fluid in your middle ear.",
        "How does a doctor see an ear infection?": "When the doctor looks at the ear drum, they will see that it is red, often bulging, and be able to make the diagnosis of an ear infection.",
        "How is an ear infection treated?": "Most ear infections clear up on their own in a week or two. In some cases, if your doctor thinks bacteria may have caused the infection, they'll prescribe an antibiotic. But often a virus causes an ear infection, and antibiotics won\ufffdt help with that. You may also talk to your doctor about things you can do at home.",
        "How can cleaning your ears make them itchy?": "Putting cotton swabs into your ears can inflame your ear canal and leave you itching. Bobby pins, paper clips, matchsticks, and your fingers can also scratch the skin inside your ears, making it easy for bacteria to enter and cause an infection.",
        "How can earwax buildup cause itchy ears?": "Wax is your body\u2019s way of cleaning dead skin cells and dirt out of your ears, but too much of it can make them itch. Don\u2019t be tempted to try to remove the buildup with a cotton swab. That pushes the wax deeper inside, where it can get stuck. Instead, try over-the-counter ear drops that break up the wax. If that doesn\u2019t help, see your doctor. They can use a special tool to safely remove built-up wax. But don\u2019t overdo it. Ears can also get itchy if they don\u2019t have enough wax inside them.",
        "Should you treat your ear pain at home?": "While research that says home remedies work for ear pain is scarce, most doctors agree that some treatments are safe to try at home. These include placing compresses over the infected ear. Still, before you do, it\u2019s a good idea to talk with your doctor.",
        "When should you call your doctor about an ear infection?": "Call your doctor about an ear infection if:",
        "What is the science behind ear candling?": "It sounds like a peaceful way to get healthy, but the idea of a maze of connected pathways in your head is a myth. There are solid barriers there, like the eardrum, that stop this from happening.",
        "How can infections cause itchy ears?": "Bacteria and viruses cause them, usually when you have a cold, the flu, or allergies. One kind, swimmer\u2019s ear, can happen when water stays in your ear after you swim. Too much moisture wears away your ear canal\u2019s natural layer of defense against germs. To stop the itch, you\u2019ll need to treat the infection. Some may go away on their own, but your doctor could prescribe ear drops. You may need to take them a few times a day for a week. Other infections may need a course of antibiotics.",
        "How can skin allergies cause itchy ears?": "The skin inside your ears can itch because of an allergic reaction. A beauty product like hair spray or shampoo could be the culprit. So can products that have nickel, like earrings. Plastic, rubber, or metal you put inside your ears, like earbuds or a hearing aid, can also cause a rash called contact dermatitis. To get relief, you\u2019ll need to figure out what you\u2019re allergic to and stop using it. Until then, your doctor may prescribe a steroid cream to stop your urge to scratch.",
        "What should you know about itchy ears?": "An itchy ear canal (the tube that connects your outer ear to your eardrum) happens to people of all ages. How you can get relief will depend on what\u2019s making you scratch. No matter the cause of your itch, it\u2019s never a good idea to stick any objects in your ears. You could damage your inner ear, including the tiny bones that help you hear.",
        "How can eczema or psoriasis cause itchy ears?": "If you have these skin conditions, you may be prone to itchy ear canals. You can usually treat these problems with ear drops. In severe cases, you may also need to take steroid pills.",
        "How is a CT scan (computerized tomography) used to diagnose a cholesteatoma?": "A CT scan is a series of X-ray images that show your doctor a detailed picture of the bones, blood vessels, and soft tissue inside your ear. This can tell your doctor if your cholesteatoma has grown into the bones of your ear, which can mess with your hearing and balance. Your doctor may especially want to do this scan if surgery might be a treatment option for you. It can give them a better picture of what's going on before the procedure.",
        "What conditions do otolaryngologists treat?": "You'd see an otolaryngologist if you have:",
        "What can happen if mastoiditis is left untreated?": "If left untreated, mastoiditis can cause serious, even life-threatening, health complications, including hearing loss, blood clot, meningitis, or a brain abscess. But with early and appropriate antibiotic treatment, these complications can usually be avoided and you can recover completely.",
        "How can you safely get water out of your ears?": "If you have water in your ears, take these steps to get it out safely.",
        "What is an otolaryngologist?": "An otolaryngologist is a doctor who treats issues in your ears, nose, or throat as well as some areas in your head and neck."
    },
    "Eating Disorders": {
        "What are the different types of eating disorders?": "There are three main types of eating disorders:"
    },
    "Eczema": {
        "Do antihistamines help treat eczema?": "Diphenhydramine (Benadryl) works well to calm itching and help you sleep. Cetirizine (Zyrtec) and loratadine (Claritin) are non-drowsy options that may help you feel better during the day.",
        "Does a cold compress help if you have eczema?": "When your itching feels out of control, put a cold compress right on your skin. If your eczema is severe, after you\u2019ve put on lotion or medicine, make a wet wrap by soaking a gauze or piece of soft clothing, like a T-shirt or pair of socks, in warm -- not hot -- water.",
        "What is the atopic triad?": "Doctors call these three conditions -- eczema, allergies, and asthma -- the atopic triad because they so often occur together. Up to 80% of children with eczema also have asthma or allergies to pollen, dust mites, pet dander, mold, or certain foods.",
        "Where are the most common places eczema can show up on the body?": "You can have eczema anywhere on your body, but it often shows up on the:",
        "What should I do if I notice blisters on my hands?": "If you notice blisters on your hands and feet, see a dermatologist. They'll look at your hands and feet, as well as your nails.",
        "Can wearing gloves help prevent eczema?": "Use protective, cotton-lined gloves when you\u2019re doing housework or using cleansers and chemicals. Latex gloves can cause allergic reactions, so it\u2019s best to avoid them. Don\u2019t wear waterproof gloves for too long, though. They can make your hands sweat and lead to an itchy eczema flare-up.",
        "How do antihistamines help with severe eczema?": "Antihistamines won\u2019t stop a flare-up, but they may be able to relieve itching. Diphenhydramine (Benadryl), which you can buy at the store, is a good choice. Your doctor can also prescribe hydroxyzine (Atarax) and cyproheptadine. Take them at night, as all of these will make you sleepy.",
        "What treatment is available for dyshidrotic eczema?": "This skin condition can cause small, itchy blisters, most often on the palms of your hand. Your doctor can prescribe an ointment or cream with a steroid in it to bring down swelling and help get rid of the blisters. If you have a severe flare-up, you might need to take a steroid drug, like prednisone, in a pill.",
        "How can I tell if a blister is infected?": "Sometimes the blisters can get infected, especially if you scratch them a lot. Signs that you have an infection include:",
        "How can I control blisters from dyshidrotic eczema at home?": "This skin condition can cause small, itchy blisters, most often on the palms of your hand. To control the blisters at home:",
        "How do I get the blisters from dyshidrotic eczema to go away?": "These blisters will come and go over time because there is no cure. That said, you can manage them with medicine, moisturizers, and good hygiene. They might start to taper off once you get into middle age. If you have a mild case, it could eventually go away on its own.",
        "How is ultraviolet (UV) light therapy used to treat eczema?": "In a dermatologist\u2019s office, your skin gets exposed to UVA rays, UVB rays, or a mix of both. Sometimes you\u2019ll rub coal tar on your skin at the same time. You\u2019ll have sessions two to five times a week, depending on the type of treatment you get.",
        "How do corticosteroid pills, liquids, or shots treat eczema?": "Corticosteroid pills, liquids, or shots are powerful drugs help relieve symptoms of severe or hard-to-treat eczema. Because of the risk for side effects such as skin damage and bone loss, you should take them only for a short time."
    },
    "Endometriosis": {
        "What are the symptoms of endometriosis and endometrial cancer?": "Endometriosis most often causes pain in your lower belly area, especially when you're having your period. That's because wherever the endometrial tissue develops, it often bleeds along with the lining of your uterus during your monthly period. Blood can build up in the area and cause swelling and pain. This can even scar some of your internal tissue, making it less healthy and flexible and causing still more pain.",
        "Are there ways to get pregnant that bypass the fallopian tubes?": "If you're ovulating normally, your doctor might also consider assisted reproduction techniques that bypass the fallopian tubes entirely. These can include intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI), artificial insemination directly into the uterus (IUI) and in vitro fertilization (IVF).",
        "What are the risks of endometrial biopsy?": "While an endometrial biopsy is safe, it can result in bleeding and infection. The doctor might cut the wall of your uterus during the procedure, but this is rare.",
        "What do my endometrial biopsy results mean?": "You should get your endometrial biopsy  lab results back in about a week. The possible causes of your abnormal bleeding could be:",
        "How is endometrial cancer treated?": "Treatment of endometrial cancer depends on a number of things, including the type of endometrial cancer you have and how much it has spread."
    },
    "Epilepsy": {
        "What are the long-term effects of seizures on the brain?": "Experts don't fully understand the long-term effects of seizures on the brain. In the past, most scientists thought that seizures did not cause any damage to the brain, attributing brain damage in an individual to an underlying illness. Now, however, some doubts are beginning to emerge. Solomon L. Moshe, MD, director of Clinical Neurophysiology and Child Neurology at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York, is researching the subject and remains cautious. \"I don't think it's good to say one way or another whether seizures do long-term damage,\" he says. \"I think it all depends on the individual case.\" Moshe notes that the brains of children are very flexible. They are perhaps the least likely people with epilepsy to suffer any brain damage from a seizure.",
        "What do focal seizures look like?": "Focal seizures are different from generalized tonic-clonic, or grand mal, seizures. They're less intense and usually last no more than 1-2 minutes.",
        "What can benzodiazepines do to help essential tremor?": "Benzodiazepines (Ativan, Klonopin, Valium, and Xanax) may help people whose essential tremor is not improved by other drugs. These drugs appear to relieve tremors associated with emotional stress or anxiety. Side effects of benzodiazepines include confusion, memory loss, and sedation. They're not a good long-term solution.",
        "What are symptoms of ending (postictal) seizure stage?": "It\u2019s common to have:",
        "What are side effects and risks of a spinal tap?": "A spinal tap, also called a lumbar puncture, uses a needle to draw fluid that surrounds your spinal cord for an exam. As many as 1 in 5 people may get a spinal headache. Sometimes, a small blood vessel can get pierced during a spinal tap. You\u2019ll bleed but you won\u2019t need treatment. A spinal tap normally doesn\u2019t hurt, but you may feel some twinges of pain if the needle brushes against nerve tissue.",
        "How do seizures happen?": "A seizure happens because of faulty electrical activity in the brain. You may have one and not know it. But severe seizures can make you lose consciousness and give you convulsions, which is when your body shakes out of control. Seizures usually come on suddenly. How long and severe they are can vary. A seizure can happen to you just once, or over and over. If they keep coming back, that's epilepsy, or a seizure disorder. Fewer than one in 10 people who have a seizure get epilepsy.",
        "When should you call 911 for someone having a seizure?": "Some seizures are more dangerous than others, but most aren't an emergency. If you want to do something for the person, focus on keeping them safe. Call 911 when:",
        "How is alcohol used to treat essential tremor?": "Some people with essential tremor report symptom relief after drinking a glass of wine or a cocktail. The effect usually lasts about an hour, but rebound tremors can happen after this time. But treating essential tremor symptoms with alcohol generally isn't recommended.",
        "What are Diazepam (Valium ), lorazepam (Ativan) and similar tranquilizers such as clonazepam ( Klonopin )?": "These drugs are commonly prescribed for short-term treatment of epilepsy. They\u2019re commonly given in the emergency room to stop a seizure, particularly status epilepticus. Your body gets used to the medications, so the same dose works less well over time. Side effects include tiredness, unsteady walking, nausea, depression, and loss of appetite. In children, they can cause drooling and hyperactivity.",
        "What is Levetiracetam (Keppra)?": "This drug is prescribed for treatment of epilepsy. Levetiracetam is combined with other epilepsy drugs to treat partial seizures, primary generalized seizures and myoclonic (shock-like jerks of muscle) seizures. Side effects include tiredness, weakness, and changes in behaviors.",
        "What is Lamotrigine (Lamictal)?": "This drug is prescribed for treatment of epilepsy. Lamotrigine treats partial, some generalized seizures and mixed seizures. It rarely causes side effects, but they can include dizziness, trouble with sleep, or the potentially deadly Stevens Johnson rash.",
        "What is Valproate, valproic acid (Depakene, Depakote)?": "This drug is prescribed to treat epilepsy. Valproate is a form of valproic acid. It\u2019s used to treat partial, absence, and generalized tonic-clonic seizures. Common side effects include dizziness, nausea, vomiting, tremor, hair loss, weight gain, depression in adults, irritability in children, and lowered attention. Over time, the drug can cause bone thinning and irregular menstrual periods. More rare and dangerous effects include hearing loss, liver damage, and pancreas problems. It should not be taken when pregnant."
    },
    "Erectile Dysfunction": {
        "How often do you have an erection during the night as you sleep?": "Usually, men have 3 to 5 erections during the night as they sleep. Your doctor may use an overnight erection test to see whether you\u2019re able to get an erection.",
        "How does ultrasound help in diagnosing erectile dysfunction (ED)?": "Sometimes called Doppler ultrasound, this is another way to check blood flow to the penis. It may be used along with the injection test.",
        "How can reducing cholesterol help improve your erectile dysfunction (ED)?": "High cholesterol levels can harden, narrow, and block the arteries leading to the penis. This is called atherosclerosis. You can lower your cholesterol levels through diet, exercise, and medication.",
        "Will insurance cover the cost of penile implant surgery?": "Insurance coverage for penile prosthesis implant is often good, as long as a medical cause of erectile dysfunction (ED) is proven. Medicare covers the surgery, but Medicaid does not, except under extreme circumstances in certain states.",
        "What are other treatments for erectile dysfunction (ED)?": "Other erectile dysfunction (ED) treatments, including medications, vacuum erection devices, and penile implants, can help you get a healthy erection for sex with a partner or for masturbation.",
        "Can masturbation help with erectile dysfunction?": "If you try counseling or sex therapy to treat your ED, your therapist may suggest that you try masturbation or other forms of touching at home on your own or with a partner. Therapy can also teach you other ways to take the stress out of sex, communicate with partners, and find more sexual stimulation.",
        "What is ejaculation?": "When you're sexually aroused, tubes called the vas deferens squeeze sperm from the testes toward the back of the urethra, the tube where semen and urine flow through. The seminal vesicles also release fluid there.",
        "What is an erection?": "An erection is a sign of sexual arousal. It starts in your brain with something you see, feel, smell, or think. Your nerves send chemical messages to the blood vessels in your penis. The arteries relax and open up to let more blood flow in. At the same time, the veins close up. Once blood is in the penis, pressure traps it inside. Your penis expands and holds the erection.",
        "Does masturbation cause erectile dysfunction?": "You might have heard this, but it\u2019s a myth. Masturbation is normal and won't cause problems when you have sex with a partner.",
        "How likely are angiotensin II receptor blockers to cause erectile dysfunction?": "Drugs known as ARBs (angiotensin II receptor blockers, like Losartan) are not only unlikely to cause erection problems, but they may improve sexual function in men with high blood pressure. One study looked at the drug Cozaar, an ARB. At first, just 7% of men and women in the study said they felt sexually satisfied overall. After 12 weeks of Cozaar, about 58% said they were sexually satisfied. The percentage of men who reported having erectile dysfunction dropped from 75% to 12%. Another study compared the drug Diovan, an ARB, with Coreg, a beta-blocker. The study compared the effect of the two drugs on blood pressure and frequency of sexual intercourse. The drugs controlled blood pressure equally well. But people who took the ARB reported having sex more often during the 16 weeks of treatment. They said they had sex about eight times a month before, and 10 times a month after. People taking the beta-blocker had sex much less often: eight times a month before, and four times a month after.",
        "Which alpha-blockers do not cause erectile dysfunction?": "In general, alpha-blockers do not often cause erection problems either. In one study, a small number of men actually had a 100% improvement in their erectile dysfunction after two years on the alpha-blocker Cardura.",
        "How do I know if I have low testosterone?": "The only sure way to diagnose the condition is to have your doctor measure the amount of testosterone in your blood. Because testosterone levels change during the day, they'll need to take several measurements to see if yours are low. Doctors prefer to test early in the morning, when testosterone levels are highest.",
        "How is low testosterone treated?": "Options include:",
        "What are the symptoms of low testosterone?": "Without the right amount of testosterone, you could lose your sex drive, get erectile dysfunction, feel depressed, have a lower sense of well-being, and have trouble concentrating.",
        "What are the two types of erectile dysfunction?": "There are two main types of erectile dysfunction:",
        "Which calcium channel blockers do not cause erectile dysfunction?": "As a group, calcium channel blockers -- including Amlodipine, Diltiazem, or Verapamil -- rarely cause erectile dysfunction. But erection problems may be less common with some individual drugs within that group than with others. Your doctor can tell you which.",
        "What is sex with a penile implant like?": "When your penis is inflated, the prosthesis makes it stiff and thick, similar to a natural erection, although most men rate it as shorter than they'd normally have. But newer models have cylinders that may increase the length, thickness, and stiffness.",
        "What causes erectile dysfunction (ED)?": "For most men, erectile dysfunction (ED) is caused by health problems such as heart disease, depression, insomnia, and diabetes, or the medications that treat them. These conditions make it tough to get an erection in any circumstance, including masturbation."
    },
    "Eye Health": {
        "Will I be sedated during my LASIK eye surgery?": "You'll be under local anesthesia -- your eyes will be numbed with eye drops. You can also request mild sedation. Plan to have someone drive you home after the surgery.",
        "How should I prepare on the day of my LASIK eye surgery?": "On the day of your surgery, eat a light meal before going to the doctor and take all of your prescribed medications. Do not wear eye makeup or have any bulky accessories in your hair that will interfere with positioning your head under the laser. If you are not feeling well that morning, call the doctor's office to determine whether the procedure needs to be postponed.",
        "What is the follow-up after LASIK eye surgery?": "Specific follow-up after the surgery varies from one surgeon to another. You will revisit the doctor for an evaluation 24 to 48 hours after LASIK eye surgery, as well as at regular intervals within the first six months.",
        "How long does it take to heal after LASIK eye surgery?": "Healing after LASIK eye surgery usually occurs very rapidly. Vision may be blurry and hazy for the first day, but most patients notice improved vision within a few days of surgery.",
        "When should someone call their doctor after laser eye surgery?": "If you have any questions, or if there\u2019s pain, a sudden decrease in vision, redness, or discharge from your eye, contact your doctor right away.",
        "What are some precautions to take after laser eye surgery?": "After laser eye surgery, take these precautions to prevent injury or infection:",
        "Does health insurance cover refractive or laser eye surgery?": "These surgeries can allow you to see well enough without needing contact lenses or eyeglasses. Usually, they're considered a cosmetic procedure and not a covered service. Insurers may pay for it if you need surgery for medical reasons, like a problem with your eye that prevents you from wearing glasses. Some health plans may offer discounts for laser eye surgery.",
        "What are possible future uses for eye drops?": "Eye drops may be used for much more than to deliver medicine or to sooth dry or irritated eyes. Possible future jobs for eye drops could include:",
        "When should I see a doctor about eye floaters?": "Floaters are specks of protein in your eye that are usually harmless. If you only have a few of them and they don't change over time, don\ufffdt sweat it.",
        "How do you get map-dot-fingerprint dystrophy?": "Map-dot-fingerprint dystrophy is a problem that makes irregular shapes show up on your cornea, the clear front part of your eye. The condition usually affects adults over 40. It\u2019s usually painless, doesn\u2019t affect your vision, and gets better without treatment. Sometimes, the epithelial layer can get worn down and expose the nerves that line your cornea. That causes severe pain, especially when you wake up in the morning. It can also change your cornea's normal curve and cause astigmatism, nearsightedness, or farsightedness.",
        "Are there treatments for map-dot-fingerprint dystrophy?": "This problem causes irregular shapes to show up on your cornea, the clear front part of your eye. Treatments include an eye patch, a soft contact lens \"bandage,\" eyedrops, ointments, and removing the loose epithelium, the outmost layer of the cornea. This is a minor procedure your doctor can do in their office.",
        "Where do chalazia appear?": "Chalazia are small lumps or swelling on the eyelids, usually from a blocked gland. Chalazia are more likely to appear on your upper eyelid, though they sometimes show up on the lower eyelid. You might get them in both eyes at once.",
        "What medications and supplements can I use to treat dry eyes?": "Prescription eye drops that boost tear production can help treat dry eyes. You also can use steroid eye drops for short periods, along with long-term measures. Adding fish oil or omega-3 supplements to your diet or can also help.",
        "Why do we have tears?": "Even when you\u2019re happy, your eyes are full of tears. They provide moisture and lubrication to help you see and keep your peepers comfortable.",
        "How do you know if you have corneal damage?": "The cornea is the clear front part of your eye. Depending on the cause, symptoms of corneal damage may include:",
        "How do I know if I have chalazia?": "These are small bumps or swelling in the eyelids. You may have:",
        "What is in a tear?": "Tears are a mixture of:",
        "What are other causes of dry eyes?": "Other causes of dry eyes include:",
        "What are eye drops?": "Eye drops usually have saline as a base ingredient. They can keep your eyes moist and reduce redness. Sometimes, they work as medicine.",
        "What is a chalazion?": "If you wake up one morning and notice a small swelling or lump on your eyelid, don\u2019t worry too much. It may just be due to a blocked gland.",
        "What should I do if I feel like something is in my eye?": "If blinking or rinsing doesn't make the scratch go away, see a doctor right away or go to an emergency room. The doctor will look at your eye and use a product called eye stain that lets them see the surface of your cornea. If something is on it or in it, they can safely remove it.",
        "How do you treat dry eyes?": "Over-the-counter artificial tears can help keep your eyes moist. Use them only during the day. Other treatments can help more severe cases.",
        "What causes dry eyes?": "Sometimes the plumbing for your tear flow could be faulty. Or the air conditioner or the heater in your house dry out your tear film. Other causes of dry eyes include:"
    },
    "Fibromyalgia": {
        "Are problems peeing tied to fibromyalgia?": "Feeling the urge to urinate a lot, experiencing pain when you pee, or a leaky bladder can ha",
        "What is Lyrica?": "Lyrica (pregabalin) is an FDA-approved drug treatment for fibromyalgia. Fibromyalgia is a chronic disorder that causes long-term, widespread muscle pain and tenderness, trouble sleeping, and overwhelming tiredness.",
        "Can I drink alcohol if I take Lyrica to treat fibromyalgia?": "Do not drink alcohol when on Lyrica. Doing so can increase Lyrica's side effects and make you dangerously sleepy.",
        "Is swelling and tingling tied to fibromyalgia?": "While the cause of numbness, tingling, and burning is unclear, many people with fibromyalgia feel them. These sensations, called paresthesia, tend to happen randomly. They may last a few minutes, or they may be constant.",
        "What are some benefits of Cymbalta as a treatment of fibromyalgia?": "Cymbalta (duloxetine) is an antidepressant that can treat fibromyalgia. In clinical trials, It can help greatly lower your pain quickly. Other benefits include:",
        "What is the recommended dosage of Cymbalta for the treatment of fibromyalgia?": "Cymbalta (duloxetine) is an antidepressant that can treat fibromyalgia, a disorder that causes widespread and on-going muscle pain and tenderness.",
        "How effective is Cymbalta as a treatment for fibromyalgia?": "Cymbalta (duloxetine) is an antidepressant that can treat fibromyalgia. In clinical trials, Cymbalta significantly and quickly improved pain. More than half of the people with fibromyalgia said they felt much better within a week. Pain relief may be greater in patients who also have existing depression, although those without depression also have a significant improvement in symptoms.",
        "What is the symptom severity (SS) scale for fibromyalgia?": "The symptom severity (SS) scale measures three key symptoms during the past week:",
        "Which over-the-counter pain relievers can help with fibromyalgia?": "Over-the-counter medicines that can help with fibromyalgia include acetaminophen and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) like aspirin, ibuprofen, and naproxen. Check with your doctor before taking either one for a long period of time.",
        "What should I do if I miss one dose of Cymbalta for treatment of fibromyalgia?": "Cymbalta (duloxetine) is an antidepressant that can treat fibromyalgia, a disorder that causes widespread and on-going muscle pain and tenderness.",
        "What are the different drugs that may interact with Cymbalta and cause serotonin syndrome while treating fibromyalgia?": "Cymbalta (duloxetine) is a type of antidepressant. Rarely, it can lead to a deadly condition called serotonin syndrome. That most often happens when someone takes duloxetine with one or more drugs that also boost your body\u2019s levels of serotonin. Drugs that may interact with Cymbalta and cause serotonin syndrome include:",
        "What are the most common side effects of Cymbalta for the treatment of fibromyalgia?": "Cymbalta (duloxetine) is an antidepressant that can treat fibromyalgia. In clinical trials, It works very well to lower the pain of fibromyalgia quickly. Common side effects with this medication include:",
        "What happens if I stop taking Cymbalta as treatment for fibromyalgia?": "Cymbalta (duloxetine) is an antidepressant that can treat fibromyalgia. You usually take one capsule a day. Don\u2019t quit taking the medication suddenly. That can lead to side effects like nausea and headache. If you get to get off Cymbalta, your doctor will tell you how to lower your dose slowly over time.",
        "What should I do if Cymbalta upsets my stomach while I take it for fibromyalgia?": "Cymbalta (duloxetine) is an antidepressant that can treat fibromyalgia, a disorder that causes widespread and on-going muscle pain and tenderness.",
        "Which muscle relaxants can help to treat fibromyalgia?": "Although experts aren't sure why, muscle relaxants can treat a variety of fibromyalgia symptoms. Very low doses of cyclobenzaprine (Flexeril) may help you sleep more soundly. It can also ease your fatigue and pain. Some side effects you may get are dry mouth, dizziness, and blurry vision. Also, a small study shows that the muscle relaxant tizanidine (Zanaflex) eases pain, fatigue, and tenderness. It also improves sleep. Headaches, chest pain, nausea, and fever are some of the side effects of this drug.",
        "How does gabapentin (Neurontin) work to treat fibromyalgia?": "Research shows this drug lessens pain and fatigue, and improves sleep.",
        "Can a rheumatologist treat fibromyalgia?": "Rheumatologists specialize in musculoskeletal and autoimmune diseases, such as arthritis and gout. Fibromyalgia isn't a form of arthritis and doesn't cause inflammation or damage to joints, muscles, or other tissues. But the symptoms someone with fibro feels are similar."
    },
    "First Aid": {
        "When should you seek medical help for a scratched eye or corneal abrasion?": "Get medical help if the person has blurred vision or eye pain, tearing, redness, or irritation even if there does not appear to be something in the eye.",
        "How should you clean and protect a scratched eye or corneal abrasion?": "To clean and protect a scratched eye:",
        "When should I see a doctor for my scratched eye?": "Even if there doesn't look like there's anything in your eye, you need to go if you have:",
        "How common are nose bleeds?": "They\u2019re common. One out of every seven people in the United States will have a nose bleed at some point. They\u2019re most common in kids 2-10 years old and adults 50-80 years old.",
        "What tests are done for blood in your urine?": "Most causes of blood in the urine are not serious, but some are. The health care provider may order one or more of these tests:",
        "How do antihistamines treat motion sickness?": "Antihistamines, both prescription and over-the-counter, are the most widely used medications for motion sickness. Cyclizine (Marezine) and dimenhydrinate (Dramamine) are two major ones.",
        "How do you treat swollen testicles?": "Sudden, severe pain can be a sign of testicular torsion, a medical emergency. You should get help right away.",
        "When is a fever serious?": "Get medical help right away if the person has a fever and:",
        "How can you tell a cut is infected?": "Signs of infection include:",
        "What are the two types of nose bleeds?": "A nose bleed comes either from the front of your nose (anterior) or the back (posterior).",
        "When should you call a doctor about cuts or scrapes?": "Most minor cuts and abrasions don\u2019t need a doctor's care. But call your doctor if:",
        "How long does it take for a cut to heal?": "Small cuts and scrapes will form a scab and heal within a few days. The scab helps protect the wound from dirt and germs while new skin grows underneath. Once a scab has formed, you may not need to use a bandage anymore.",
        "What is disequilibrium?": "Disequilibrium is a problem with walking. People with disequilibrium feel unsteady on their feet or feel like they are going to fall.",
        "What over-the-counter medications can help with stomach pain?": "Tips for over-the-counter medications for stomach pain:",
        "What is vertigo?": "Vertigo is the feeling of motion when there is no motion, such as you spinning or your environment spinning. Spinning yourself round and round, then suddenly stopping, can produce temporary vertigo. But when it happens in the normal course of living, it signals a problem with the vestibular system of the inner ear -- the body's balance system that tells you which way is down and senses the position of your head. About half of all dizziness complaints are vertigo.",
        "What causes vertigo?": "Vertigo can be caused by many things:",
        "When should you get medical help for stomach pain?": "It's time to get medical help if:",
        "What home remedies can help with stomach pain?": "You might try a heating pad to ease belly pain. Chamomile or peppermint tea may help with gas. Be sure to drink plenty of clear fluids so your body has enough water. You also can do things to make stomach pain less likely. It can help to:",
        "How do you treat a blister that has popped?": "How to treat a blister that has popped:",
        "What are friction burns?": "Open flames are one of the most common reasons that people get burned, but there are many other causes. They include:",
        "What should you do to follow up on taking care of a blister?": "If you have a blister:",
        "What are cold burns?": "Also called frostbite, cold burns cause damage to your skin by freezing it. You can get frostbite by being outside in freezing temperatures. It can also happen when your skin comes into direct contact with something very cold for a long period of time.",
        "How do you stop the bleeding from a minor cut or scrape?": "A small amount of blood can help clean out the wound."
    },
    "Fitness & Exercise": {
        "How is a muscle strain diagnosed?": "The doctor will take a medical history and perform a physical exam to see whether the muscle is partially or completely torn. That could involve a much longer healing process, possible surgery, and a more complicated recovery.",
        "What is the PRICE formula?": "Protection, rest, ice, compression, and elevation (known as the PRICE formula) can help the affected muscle.",
        "Can exercises help with plantar fasciitis?": "Stretch your calves, Achilles tendon, and the bottom of your foot. Do exercises that make your lower leg and foot muscles stronger. This can help stabilize your ankle, ease pain, and keep plantar fasciitis from coming back.",
        "How can a walking cast or boot help with plantar fasciitis?": "Typically, your doctor will suggest a walking cast or boot -- called a controlled ankle motion (CAM) walker -- only when other treatments haven't worked for you. The cast or CAM walker forces you to rest your foot, which can help ease pain. But it's not a cure. When the cast comes off, the pain may come back. You'll probably need other treatments, too, like insoles and stretching.",
        "What is the difference between golfer's elbow and tennis elbow?": "Golfer's elbow is not as common or well known as its cousin, tennis elbow. Both are forms of elbow tendinitis, which causes inflammation and pain. The difference is that tennis elbow stems from damage to tendons on the outside of the elbow, while golfer's elbow is caused by tendons on the inside.",
        "What's the treatment for a wrist sprain?": "You can:",
        "What does a groin pull feel like?": "Here are some symptoms of a groin pull:",
        "How do you know if your groin pull has healed?": "Don't try to return to your old level of physical activity until:",
        "What is tennis elbow?": "Tennis elbow is a type of tendinitis -- swelling of the tendons -- that causes pain in the elbow and arm. These tendons are bands of tough tissue that connect the muscles of your lower arm to the bone. You can get tennis elbow even if you don't play tennis. Any repetitive gripping activities, especially if they use the thumb and first two fingers, may contribute to tennis elbow.",
        "How long does it take for a dislocated or a separated shoulder to get better?": "How quickly you recover depends on how serious your shoulder injury is. Separated shoulders usually take up to six weeks to heal. Dislocated shoulders may take longer, three to 12 weeks. But everyone heals at a different rate. Some symptoms, like stiffness, may linger for a time. A separated shoulder can sometimes leave a permanent, but painless, bump on your shoulder.",
        "What is the medical treatment for a tailbone (coccyx) injury?": "Medical treatments for a tailbone (coccyx) injury:",
        "What's the treatment for a hamstring strain?": "Minor to moderate hamstring strains usually heal on their own. It helps if you:",
        "What's the treatment for a groin pull?": "A groin pull will usually heal on its own with time and rest. It helps to:",
        "When should you see a doctor about an ankle sprain?": "Most ankle sprains heal on their own between 2 and 12 weeks after you hurt it.",
        "How long does it take to recover from a sprain or strain?": "It depends on the severity of the injury and can vary from person to person. It may take just a few days for a slight ankle sprain to heal, or it may take months for a knee injury that requires reconstructive surgery.",
        "What's the difference between a sprain and a strain?": "People use the terms almost interchangeably to describe everything from a twisted ankle to a pulled hamstring. But they aren't the same.",
        "What is the follow-up after a tailbone (coccyx) injury?": "Follow-up is recommended at the discretion of your doctor and depends on the severity of the injury and the progress you are making with medical treatment. Most people do not require follow-up if their coccyx injury is improving with medical treatment. People with chronic tailbone pain, for whom medical therapy has not worked, require more frequent follow-up and may be referred to other medical or surgical specialists.",
        "What are home remedies for a tailbone (coccyx) injury?": "Home remedies for a tailbone (coccyx) injury:",
        "When should you seek medical care for a tailbone (coccyx) injury?": "If you have the signs and symptoms of a coccyx injury or unexplained discomfort in the tailbone area, contact your doctor. It may be necessary for the doctor to decide if the injury is traumatic or if the pain is caused by other, more serious, problems. Injuries to the region of the tailbone rarely require a visit to the emergency department. However, if you are concerned about your symptoms, it is wise to call a doctor or visit the nearest hospital's emergency department.",
        "What is the treatment for an Achilles tendon injury?": "Minor to moderate Achilles tendon injuries should heal on their own. To speed the process, you can:",
        "What is the medical treatment for muscle strain?": "Medical treatment is similar to home treatment. The doctor, however, also can determine the extent of your muscle and tendon injury and if you need crutches or a brace for healing.",
        "How can I take care of my muscle strain at home?": "Put ice packs on the muscle and stretch it. You can also use heat, but only after the swelling goes down."
    },
    "Food & Recipes": {
        "Can my kidneys cause vitamin D deficiency?": "Possibly. As people age, their kidneys are less able to convert vitamin D to its active form, which raises their risk of vitamin D deficiency.",
        "Which vitamins and minerals are in carrots?": "Carrots are a good source of important vitamins and minerals. A half-cup can give you up to:",
        "Where can you get vitamin D?": "Known as the sunshine vitamin, vitamin D is produced by the body in response to skin being exposed to sunlight. It is also occurs naturally in a few foods -- including some fish, fish liver oils, and egg yolks -- and in fortified dairy and grain products.",
        "How is vitamin D deficiency diagnosed?": "The most accurate way to measure how much vitamin D is in your body is the 25-hydroxy vitamin D blood test. A level of 20 nanograms/milliliter to 50 ng/mL is considered adequate for healthy people. A level less than 12 ng/mL indicates vitamin D deficiency.",
        "What are the symptoms and health risks of vitamin D deficiency?": "Symptoms of bone pain and muscle weakness can mean you have a vitamin D deficiency. However, for many people, the symptoms are subtle. Yet, even without symptoms, too little vitamin D can pose health risks. Low blood levels of the vitamin have been associated with the following:",
        "What happens when you skip breakfast?": "Skipping the morning meal can throw off your body\u2019s rhythm of fasting and eating. When you wake up, the blood sugar your body needs to make your muscles and brain work their best is usually low. Breakfast helps replenish it.",
        "Can skin tone cause vitamin D deficiency?": "Melanin, which causes skin pigmentation, lowers the skin's ability to make vitamin D in response to sunlight exposure. Some studies show that older adults with darker skin are at high risk of vitamin D deficiency.",
        "What are the types of legumes?": "Common types include black-eyed peas, chickpeas, beans (adzuki, cannellini, Great Northern, kidney, lima, navy, pinto, and soy beans), peanuts, and lentils (green and split red are most popular). You can eat green beans and snow peas in their pods. But for some legumes, the edible parts are the seeds -- aka pulses -- inside the pods. Pulses can be prepared many ways: canned, cooked, dried, frozen whole, ground into flour, or split.",
        "What are food sources of fluoride?": "Food sources fluoride include fluoridated water, teas, and some fish.",
        "What are food sources of vitamin B2 (riboflavin)?": "Food sources of vitamin B2 include milk, breads, fortified cereals, almonds, asparagus, dark meat chicken, and cooked beef.",
        "Why should you eat sardines?": "These small fish have big nutritional value. Sardines are a great source of good-for-you omega-3 fatty acids, and few foods are as high in vitamin B12. They're also rich in vitamin D, calcium's partner in bone strength.",
        "How is vitamin D deficiency treated?": "Treatment for vitamin D deficiency involves getting more vitamin D -- through diet and supplements. Experts don't agree on how much vitamin D you need, but they agree that less than 20 nanograms per milliliter needs treatment."
    },
    "Food Poisoning": {
        "How is E. coli infection treated?": "The infection usually goes away on its own. For some types of E.coli associated with diarrhea, antibiotics can shorten how long you have symptoms and might be used in moderately severe cases.",
        "What are the symptoms of E. coli infection?": "You\u2019ll probably start to feel ill 2 to 5 days after you\u2019ve ingested the E. coli bacteria. The most common symptoms are:",
        "How can I prepare foods to avoid E. coli infection?": "Be careful with foods that carry the greatest chance of contamination. For example:",
        "When should I call my doctor about food poisoning?": "Though food poisoning usually goes away on its own, call your doctor if you have any signs of dehydration. For example:",
        "How can I prevent salmonella infection?": "To prevent salmonella infection:",
        "How long is a norovirus infection contagious?": "While you can shed the virus for up to 8 weeks, it is less and less infectious over time. In most cases, you can return to work or school after you have been symptom-free for 48 hours. Food service workers are generally encouraged to wait 72 hours before they handle food.",
        "Is norovirus the same thing as stomach flu?": "Norovirus is not related to flu. Flu is an infection of the respiratory system that causes fever, chills, aches, and pains. In fact, there\u2019s no such thing as stomach flu, and it\u2019s a term that some doctors encourage their patients to avoid. The confusion that it causes can have serious consequences.",
        "What food should I eat after I start to feel better from an E. coli infection?": "When you start to feel better, stick to low-fiber foods at first such as:"
    },
    "Genital Herpes": {
        "Will I pass genital herpes to my baby?": "Pregnant women with genital herpes should be careful -- but not overly worried -- about passing the virus on to the baby.",
        "Do symptoms of genital herpes go away?": "After you're infected, the symptoms go away, but can flare up from time to time. Luckily, the first outbreak usually is the worst. Some people may have just one or two outbreaks in their lifetime.",
        "What are the symptoms of genital herpes?": "The textbook symptom is a cluster of small fluid-filled blisters that break, forming painful sores that crust and heal over several days. They can show up on the penis, scrotum, vagina, vulva, urethra, anus, thighs, and buttocks.",
        "How is herpes spread?": "The virus that causes oral herpes (HSV-1) is usually passed by kissing. It can also spread from the mouth to the genitals during oral sex. If this happens, it becomes genital herpes.",
        "What should you do if you think you may have genital herpes?": "If you have any reason to believe you may have an herpes simplex virus infection as the result of a sexual encounter -- either genital or oral -- contact your health care provider.",
        "What causes symptoms of genital herpes to come back?": "When symptoms recur, they usually come on during times of emotional stress or illness. That's because, during these times, your body's immune system may be less able to suppress the virus and keep it from becoming active. Symptom triggers can include:",
        "Can I have sex during a genital herpes outbreak?": "You should avoid these sexual activities when you have sores on your genitals, or when you feel a herpes outbreak coming on:",
        "How do medications control genital herpes?": "Antiviral drug therapy can reduce the amount of virus you shed. Taking a drug daily to reduce the frequency of outbreaks may help keep your partner from being infected. You should still use a condom, however, because suppressive therapy only prevents transmission about half the time. Daily therapy isn't the only option. If your outbreaks are few and far between, you might keep a supply of antiviral pills that you could take in case of a flare-up. Ask your doctor what\u2019s right for you.",
        "Can you have sex between genital herpes outbreaks?": "Yes, as long as your partner understands and accepts the risk. As long as you don't have herpes sores on your mouth, you can perform oral sex on your partner, even if you have an outbreak of genital symptoms.",
        "How serious of a health problem are the symptoms of genital herpes?": "For most people, genital herpes is not a serious threat to their health. Aside from the discomfort, a herpes simplex virus infection is more of a psychological stressor. It can:",
        "Can tests show when you were exposed to genital herpes?": "PCR and cell culture tests show that you were exposed to the virus at some point, but it's hard to know when it happened. You could have had HSV for many years before your first noticeable outbreak. Or you may have never had an outbreak but still be contagious to a sexual partner.",
        "What are antibody tests for genital herpes?": "Antibodies are proteins made by your immune system in response to an infection. With direct fluorescent antibody testing, a solution that contains a certain kind of antibodies and a fluorescent dye is added to the sample of cells. If the virus is present in the sample, the antibodies stick to it and glow when they're looked at under a special microscope.",
        "Can tests for genital herpes give a false-negative result?": "Cell culture or PCR test may give a false-negative result if the sores have begun healing or if you are recently infected. It takes several weeks for HSV antibodies to show up in the blood. A false-negative test shows you don't have the condition when in fact you do. False-positive test results are possible, too. If you test positive, but your risk for getting the virus is low, you may need to be tested again.",
        "How can I protect myself from genital herpes if my partner and I keep having sex?": "While nothing except abstinence is 100% effective, a latex condom offers some protection. Your partner should tell you when symptoms flare up, which is when the virus is most contagious. Avoid sex when your partner has symptoms.",
        "Can lube help prevent a genital herpes outbreak?": "Yes, because friction during sex could irritate the skin and trigger outbreaks. Use a water-based lubricant instead of an oil-based product. Oil can break down the latex in condoms. Don't use a lubricant with the spermicide nonoxynol-9. It can cause tiny rips in mucous membranes (like those on your genitals) that let viruses like herpes and HIV enter your body more easily.",
        "Can hormones be triggers for genital herpes?": "Hormonal changes, like those that occur in the menstrual cycle, can affect genital herpes outbreaks. No one knows why.",
        "What causes herpes infections and outbreaks?": "Herpes simplex type 1, which is transmitted through oral secretions or sores on the skin, can be spread through kissing or sharing objects such as toothbrushes or eating utensils. In general, a person can only get herpes type 2 infection during sexual contact with someone who has a genital HSV-2 infection. It is important to know that both HSV-1 and HSV-2 can be spread even if sores are not present. Pregnant women with genital herpes should talk to their doctor, as genital herpes can be passed on to the baby during childbirth.",
        "Can I get herpes through oral sex?": "Yes. Oral herpes, which causes sores on the mouth (known as cold sores of fever blisters), can be passed to the genitals through oral sex.",
        "How can I be sure not to get genital herpes?": "The only way to be 100% certain you won't get a sexually transmitted disease is to have just one sex partner who has no STDs -- and only if both of you stay monogamous.",
        "Will condoms help keep me from getting herpes?": "A latex condom may protect you from the herpes virus if it covers the infected area.",
        "What triggers a herpes outbreak?": "It depends on the person. Some commonly reported triggers include:",
        "How likely is it that I've been infected with genital herpes if my partner has it?": "How likely you are to get genital herpes from your partner depends on whether you've always practiced safe sex and how long you've been sexually intimate with each other.",
        "Can I get genital herpes from a toilet seat or hot tub?": "It's very rare, if not impossible, to get genital herpes any other way than by sexual contact."
    },
    "HIV AIDS": {
        "What is mycobacterium avium complex?": "Also known as MAC, this is a severe bacterial infection. You can find the bacteria that cause it in soil, food, dust, and water. Most people have this bacteria in their system and don't get sick. When your defenses aren't strong, it can affect your lungs and digestive system. It can also spread throughout your body. Antibiotics treat it.",
        "What's mycobacterium avium complex?": "This is a serious infection caused by bacteria related to the kind that causes tuberculosis. They can live in dirt, dust, or many other things. If your immune system is weak, the infection can affect your lungs and digestive system. It can also spread throughout your body and be life threatening.",
        "How long do I need to wait after possible exposure to test for HIV?": "There\u2019s a window period between exposure to HIV and a positive test, because it takes time for your body to either build a response to the infection or for the virus to replicate enough for a test to detect it. HIV window periods can vary.",
        "Can I get human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) from a toilet seat, water fountain, or drinking glasses?": "You can\u2019t get HIV from toilet seats or water foundations. HIV is spread through specific body fluids: blood, semen, pre-seminal fluid (pre-cum), vaginal and rectal fluid, and breast milk.",
        "Can you get HIV from oral sex?": "The risk from oral sex is almost negligible compared to other types of sex. In theory it seems possible that if your partner is HIV positive, but in realkity that is not the case. ",
        "Can I get human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) from kissing?": "It's possible, but it hardly ever happens. HIV, the virus that causes AIDS, isn't spread through saliva. It\u2019s spread only through specific body fluids: blood, semen, pre-seminal fluid (pre-cum), vaginal and rectal fluid, and breast milk.",
        "How accurate is OraQuick In-Home HIV Test?": "This home HIV test is 92% accurate in detecting an infection. That means it will miss an HIV infection in 1 of 12 people who have it. OraQuick rarely gives false positive results, so it's unlikely to say you have HIV if you don't. However, experts recommend that you confirm a positive test at a doctor's office or a medical clinic.",
        "What are the side effects of CBD?": "CBD comes in many forms, from liquid drops to oil to vapes. But the FDA doesn\u2019t regulate most of those products. The only FDA-approved form of CBD oil is Epidiolex, a prescription drug that treats two types of epilepsy. So it\u2019s hard to be sure other CBD products are what they say they are, even if the label looks official. For instance, THC has been found in some CBD products. There\u2019s also no guarantee the product has as much CBD as the label says. CBD can also have side effects. It may cause:",
        "What symptoms might you have if mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) spreads throughout your body?": "If mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) goes all over your body, you may have:",
        "Can I get human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) from touching an open wound on someone who has human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)?": "HIV can spread through blood. You may be able to catch the virus from touching an open wound in someone with HIV, since body fluids can pass through broken skin, wounds, or mucous membranes. But it's very rare.",
        "How can you treat night sweats related to HIV?": "Do you wake up in the middle of the night drenched in sweat? It can be a symptom of HIV itself or other infections (like TB). The sweating will stop when your doctor figures out what\u2019s causing the problem and treats it. In the meantime:",
        "How do you treat pneumocystis pneumonia?": "Most often, doctors prescribe a combination of two antibiotics, trimethoprim and sulfamethoxazole -- TMP/SMX or SXT (Bactrim, Cotrim, or Septra), to treat pneumocystis pneumonia (PCP).",
        "What are signs that an infection has gone from HIV to AIDS?": "Over time, an HIV infection damages your immune system. You\u2019re more likely to get infections caused by bacteria, viruses, or fungi that your body is no longer strong enough to fight off. They can be a sign that your infection has gone from HIV to AIDS. You also might have:",
        "What else can affect your CD4 count?": "Things other than the HIV virus can affect how high or low your CD4 count is, too.",
        "What are the signs and symptoms of HIV in the first few weeks?": "Between 1 and 4 weeks after someone is infected with HIV, they may have flu-like symptoms that last a week or two. The symptoms at this stage can include:",
        "What do HIV results mean?": "A confirmed, positive test result means you have been infected with HIV. Being infected with HIV does not necessarily mean that you have AIDS. It can take many years for people with HIV to develop AIDS.",
        "How long can you survive with AIDS if you don't take medication?": "People with AIDS who don't take medication only live about 3 years, even less if they get a dangerous infection. But HIV can still be treated at this stage. If you start on HIV drugs, stay on them, follow your doctor\u2019s advice regarding other conditions you may have, and have with the right treatment and a healthy lifestyle, you can live a long time."
    },
    "HPV/Genital Warts": {
        "What are treatments for internal genital warts?": "If you have vaginal or cervical warts, the recommended treatments are:",
        "What is the link between oral human papillomavirus (HPV) and cancer?": "Scientists have known for decades about the link between the human papillomavirus (HPV) and cervical cancer. They've also known that an oral infection with the virus can also cause cancers of the head and neck.",
        "How does oral human papillomavirus (HPV) spread?": "Scientists are still learning how oral HPV spreads. Only a few studies have looked into how people get infected. Many doctors suspect it\u2019s passed on through oral sex, but no one can say for sure. It\u2019s also uncertain if you can get the virus from deep \"French\" kissing. But it is clear that you can\u2019t get oral HPV from casual contact, like kissing on the cheek or sharing a drink with an infected person.",
        "How soon do warts appear after being infected by human papillomavirus (HPV)?": "After a person has been infected by HPV, it may take one to three months (or longer in some cases) for warts to appear. Some people who have been infected never get warts.",
        "What are the symptoms of HPV infection?": "HPV stands for human papillomavirus. They come in 100 different strains, and nearly everyone has them. You may have HPV and not know it. The infection can go away on its own in a few years. Some more dangerous HPV can stay longer. They can change the cells in your cervix that could lead to cancer.",
        "What are low-risk HPV strains?": "Low-risk HPV strains, such as HPV 6 and 11, cause about 90% of genital warts, which rarely develop into cancer. These growths can look like bumps. Sometimes, they\u2019re shaped like cauliflower. The warts can show up weeks or months after you\u2019ve had sex with an infected partner.",
        "How can you prevent HPV?": "You can get HPV, or human papillomavirus, through vaginal, anal, or oral sex. The virus spreads through skin-to-skin contact. Using a condom may not fully protect you. The only way to be sure not to catch HVP is to avoid any type of sexual contact. You also can lower your chances for an infection by limiting the number of your sexual partners, or by choosing partners who\ufffdve had no or few sex partners before you. Vaccines work well to guard against some of the more dangerous strains of HPV. They\ufffdre available to children as young as 9 and to adults up to age 26.",
        "What are the symptoms of genital warts and human papillomavirus (HPV)?": "Like many STDs, HPV does not always have visible symptoms. But when symptoms happen, they may include warts around the genital area. In women, warts can develop on the outside and inside of the vagina, on the cervix, or around the anus. In men, they may be seen on the tip of the penis, the shaft of the penis, on the scrotum, or around the anus. Genital warts also can develop in the mouth or throat of a person who has had oral sex with an infected person.",
        "Do you have to treat genital warts?": "Genital warts may go away on their own or stay the same. If you\u2019re not treated, you could also get more or larger genital warts.",
        "What medicines treat genital warts?": "Creams, gels, and ointments can treat genital warts on the outside of your body.",
        "How is HPV treated in men?": "Doctors don't treat HPV infection in men who don't have symptoms. If the HPV virus causes any health problems, doctors focus on that. For instance, they can treat genital warts with prescription creams, surgery, or freezing off the warts. And for anal cancer linked to HPV, treatments may include radiation, chemotherapy, and surgery. The specific treatments depend on the stage of cancer (how big the tumor is and how far the cancer has spread).",
        "What tests are used to check for HPV in men?": "There is no routine HPV test for men. Many people have HPV and don't get sick. But there are some health risks for men from certain types of HPV. There isn't a regular test for those types of HPV for men, either. But some doctors recommend anal Pap tests for gay and bisexual men, who are at higher risk of anal cancer caused by HPV. In an anal Pap test, the doctor collects cells from the anus, and then has them checked for abnormalities in a lab.",
        "How can you manage HPV in a relationship?": "If a man's long-term sexual partner has HPV, chances are good HPV transmission has already occurred and they also have it. HPV in men may clear from the body more easily than in women. Women, in general, often clear the virus in two years or less. The HPV types associated with cervical cancer usually do not cause health problems for a heterosexual man having sex with an HPV-infected woman. If a partner has HPV, it does not necessarily mean they have had sex with someone else recently. The virus can lay dormant in the body for years without causing noticeable symptoms.",
        "How can you prevent spreading HPV?": "Abstinence is the only sure way to prevent HPV transmission. You can lower the odds of getting the virus if you only have sex with one person who isn't infected and who also only has sex with you. Condoms can provide some protection against HPV transmission. But they aren't 100% effective, since HPV is mainly spread by skin-to-skin contact. The virus can still infect the skin uncovered by the condom.",
        "Is there an HPV vaccine for men?": "Yes, but it's for boys and young men. Gardasil targets certain types of HPV. It's approved for boys and men ages 9 to 26 for the prevention of genital warts caused by two HPV strains: HPV 6 and HPV 11. Gardasil 9 is approved to help prevent anal cancer linked to nine types of HPV. That vaccine is for males ages 9 to 15.",
        "What genital warts can you treat with acid solutions?": "Trichloroacetic or bichloroacetic acid solutions, prescribed by your doctor that you apply at home, work best on small, moist warts. They can be used on vaginal and anal warts.",
        "What are high-risk HPV strains?": "Not all of the 40 sexually transmitted HPV viruses cause serious health problems. High-risk HPV strains include HPV 16 and 18, which cause about 70% of cervical cancers. Other high-risk HPV viruses include 31, 33, 45, 52, 58, and a few others.",
        "What happens if I don't have my genital warts and human papillomavirus (HPV) treated?": "Unfortunately, despite treatment, having high-risk HPV can raise your risk of cervical, rectal, and penile cancer. But not all forms of the virus are linked to these cancers. If you have genital warts, be sure you get annual check-ups to screen for cancer.",
        "What do genital warts look like?": "Genital warts look like small flesh-colored, pink or red growths in or around the sex organs. The warts may look similar to the small parts of a cauliflower or they may be very tiny and hard to see. They often appear in clusters of three or four, and may grow and spread rapidly. They usually aren't painful, although they may cause mild pain, bleeding, and itching.",
        "Should I get tested for HPV?": "If you\u2019re healthy, doctors don\u2019t routinely test for HPV. For women, the Pap test doesn\u2019t check for HPV. It looks for changes in cells in your cervix. If you have certain changes in those cells, your doctor may ask the lab to check for the virus. If you\u2019re over age 30 and your Pap is normal, your doctor may still test you for HPV. This is called \u201cco-testing.\u201d If you have HPV and abnormal cervical cells, your doctor might order more tests right away. If you have HPV but your Pap results are normal, you may also need to get checked again in a year.",
        "Do genital warts from HPV (human papillomavirus) go away?": "HPV types 6 and 11, which are linked to genital warts, tend to grow for about six months, then stabilize. Sometimes, visible genital warts go away without treatment."
    },
    "Hair Loss": {
        "What causes greasy hair?": "Your scalp has a natural oil called sebum, which helps keep the skin lubricated. Sebum is made by the sebaceous glands. Sometimes these glands work overtime and make too much oil, leading to a greasy scalp. To treat greasy hair, wash with a gentle shampoo specially formulated to control sebum.",
        "What types of drugs cause hair loss?": "Many different types of drugs are thought to cause hair loss, including:",
        "Can corticosteroids help with hair loss?": "Most cases of alopecia areata, an autoimmune disorder that causes hair to fall out in clumps, resolve spontaneously. Some doctors try to speed recovery with topical corticosteroid drops or steroid shots directly into the areas of hair loss on the scalp. The treatment may be somewhat painful and may cause skin thinning in the injected sites. Prednisone, an oral steroid, may be an effective treatment for alopecia areata, but its potential side effects include weight gain, metabolic abnormalities, acne, and menstrual problems. Its positive effects are often only temporary.",
        "How does finasteride (Propecia) work?": "Popping a pill to thwart thinning hair may sound too good to be true, but it\u2019s possible with finasteride (Propecia). The drug works by lowering levels of a hormone that shrinks hair follicles, called dihydrotestosterone (DHT).",
        "How does minoxidil (Rogaine) work?": "Minoxidil (Rogaine) is a liquid or foam that you rub into your scalp. Studies show it can help hair grow, but it may also help you hold on to the strands you already have.",
        "How does low-level laser therapy (LLLT) treat hair loss?": "We're not sure exactly how this safe type of light therapy works to put the brakes on hair loss. It may encourage more hair follicles to grow, speed up how fast cells reproduce, or improve how well cells work.",
        "How effective is low-level laser therapy (LLLT) in treating hair loss?": "Most people like home treatments. You can do them whenever you want (for about 15 minutes, three times a week), and they cost less than doctor visits.",
        "What should you expect after a hair transplant?": "After the surgery, your scalp may be very tender. You may need to take pain meds for several days. Your surgeon will have you wear bandages over your scalp for at least a day or two, and may prescribe an antibiotic or an anti-inflammatory drug for you to take for several days. Most people can return to work two to five days after the operation. Within two to three weeks after surgery, the transplanted hair will fall out, but you should start to see new growth within a few months. Some surgeons prescribe the drug minoxidil to improve hair growth after transplantation, but it\u2019s not clear how well it works.",
        "What is androgenic alopecia?": "Androgenic alopecia is a genetic condition that can affect both men and women. Men with this condition, called male pattern baldness, can begin suffering hair loss as early as their teens or early 20s. It's characterized by a receding hairline and gradual disappearance of hair from the crown and frontal scalp. Women with this condition, called female pattern baldness, don't experience noticeable thinning until their 40s or later. Women experience a general thinning over the entire scalp, with the most extensive hair loss at the crown.",
        "How is a hair transplant done?": "You usually have the procedure in the doctor's office. First, the surgeon cleans your scalp and injects medicine to numb the back of your head. Your doctor will choose one of two methods for the transplant: follicular unit strip surgery (FUSS) or follicular unit extraction (FUE). With FUSS, the surgeon removes a 6- to 10-inch strip of skin from the back of your head. They set it aside and sews the scalp closed. This area is immediately hidden by the hair around it. Next, the surgeon\u2019s team divides the strip of removed scalp into 500 to 2,000 tiny grafts, each with an individual hair or just a few hairs. The number and type of graft you get depends on your hair type, quality, color, and the size of the area where you\u2019re getting the transplant. If you\u2019re getting the FUE procedure, the surgeon\u2019s team will shave the back of your scalp. Then, the doctor will remove hair follicles one by one from there. The area heals with small dots, which your existing hair will cover. After that point, both procedures are the same. After they prepare the grafts, the surgeon cleans and numbs the area where the hair will go, creates holes or slits with a scalpel or needle, and delicately places each graft in one of the holes. The surgeon will probably get help from other team members to plant the grafts, too.",
        "Which type of doctor treats alopecia areata?": "If you think you do have alopocia areata, you may want to see a dermatologist."
    },
    "Health & Baby": {
        "What causes little white bumps on the nose and face of your newborn?": "Little white bumps on the nose and face (milia) are caused by blocked oil glands. When a baby's oil glands enlarge and open up in a few days or weeks, the white bumps disappear.",
        "What are warning signs of cognitive developmental delays in children?": "Contact your child's doctor if your child has any of the following signs at the age that's indicated. In addition, watch for any loss of skills that have already been learned.",
        "What is the Ferber Method of sleep training?": "The Ferber Method is also known as Progressive Watching or Graduated Extinction. The goal is to teach your baby how to sleep on their own and put themselves back to sleep if they wake up during the night. Richard Ferber, MD, director of the Center for Pediatric Sleep Disorders at Children's Hospital Boston, developed this method. He advises parents not to start this training until their baby is at least 5 or 6 months old. Here\u2019s an overview of how it\u2019s done:",
        "What causes a high-pitched squeaky sound in my baby's breathing?": "Called stridor or laryngomalacia, this is a sound very young babies make when breathing in. It is worse when a child is lying on their back. It is caused by too much tissue around the larynx and is usually harmless. It often passes by the time a child reaches age 2.",
        "When should you worry about your baby's breathing?": "Signs of potentially worrisome breathing problems in your baby include a persistently increased rate of breathing (greater than 60 breaths per minute or so) and increased work to breathe. Signs of extra work include:",
        "What's normal for a newborn girl's genitals?": "Your newborn girl's genitals have been exposed to many hormones in the uterus. Among other things, these hormones may have:",
        "What can cause cognitive developmental delays in children?": "Problems with thinking, or cognitive delays, may be due to one or more of these reasons:",
        "When will breast lumps in a newborn baby go away?": "Over weeks, or sometimes even months, the breast tissue begins to shrink and eventually becomes flat when there's no more exposure to the hormones. Occasionally a normal, small amount of tissue remains, but it doesn't grow or cause discomfort.",
        "Are breathing problems normal in babies?": "Breathing problems (such as noisy breathing) that only occur occasionally are normal. Worrisome breathing problems, on the other hand, are usually persistent. However, when it comes to any breathing concerns, be sure to contact your pediatrician.",
        "What are breast lumps like in a newborn baby?": "These lumps and enlarged breasts in the baby may be quite noticeable at birth. They might even continue to grow after birth for a while. If you were to pinch them, some real breast milk may be expressed.",
        "What are the types of treatment for cognitive developmental delays in children?": "As with most types of developmental delays, early treatment can make a big difference in the progress your child makes. Educational intervention can help your child develop specific cognitive skills. Educators and therapists may implement play therapy or behavioral therapy and may also recommend specific steps you can take at home to help your child.",
        "Why do babies walk on tiptoes?": "Toe walking is common for most babies as they take their first steps. Most kids stop by the time they're 2 or 3. Many babies practice walking on tiptoe as they're first learning to walk. Only later, after 6 to 12 months or so of practice, will they learn to walk with a mature heel-to-toe gait.",
        "What causes cognitive developmental delays in children?": "Doctors don't always know the cause. Some possibilities include:",
        "When should you worry about swollen breasts for lumps in a newborn baby?": "In the rare case when the breasts look infected (swollen, red, tender, or have a discharge) and the baby has a fever, call your pediatrician to see if they're infected.",
        "What are tips for concerned parents of a newborn baby with breast lumps?": "Sometimes, overly worried parents touch and pinch the breasts so much the area gets irritated. Leave them alone and let nature take its course in shrinking them.",
        "Why do teething babies have rashes?": "Lots of drooling can sometimes create a rash around your child\u2019s mouth, but one that spreads to cover their torso, arms, or legs could be caused by an illness.",
        "Is it normal for newborn babies to have breast lumps?": "It's normal for newborn babies (boys and girls) to have swollen, enlarged breasts and/or lumps under the nipple. They're almost always benign and due to exposure to maternal hormones in the womb. The same hormones that cause the mother's breasts to swell and stimulates milk glands can do the same to the baby's breasts.",
        "What causes global developmental delays in children?": "Sometimes, a delay occurs in several developmental areas. When that happens, it's called \"global developmental delay.\" It may happen because of a genetic defect such as Down syndrome, fetal alcohol syndrome, fragile X syndrome, or severe medical problems that develop soon after birth. Often, doctors don't know what the cause is."
    },
    "Health & Balance": {
        "Is Ayurveda treatment approved in the U.S?": "Ayurveda is a form of holistic medicine. There are a few state-approved Ayurvedic schools in the U.S. But there\u2019s no national standard training or certification program for those who practice this alternative therapy.",
        "Why is vata dosha the most powerful of all three doshas in Ayurveda?": "In Ayurvedic medicine, vata dosha is thought to control very basic body functions, like how cells divide. It also controls your mind, breathing, blood flow, heart function, and ability to get rid of waste through your intestines. Things that can disrupt it include eating again too soon after a meal, fear, grief, and staying up too late.",
        "What is pitta dosha in Ayurveda?": "Ayurveda, a form of holistic medicine, is based on the belief that life forces called doshas control how your body works. Pitta dosha controls your digestion, metabolism (how well you break down foods), and certain hormones that are linked to your appetite.",
        "What are some potential side effects of colon cleansing?": "These include:",
        "What is acupressure?": "Used for thousands of years in China, acupressure is based on the same principles as acupuncture to promote relaxation and wellness and to treat disease. Shiatsu is a Japanese form of acupressure.",
        "What happens during accupressure?": "During an acupressure session, you lie fully clothed on a soft massage table. The practitioner use their fingers, palms, elbows, feet, or special devices to gently press on specific points on your body. This is supposed to restore flow and balance to the life energy flowing through you.",
        "What is chronic stress?": "But if your stress system stays activated over a long period of time (chronic stress), it can lead to more serious health problems. The constant rush of stress hormones can put a lot of wear and tear on your body, causing it to age more quickly and making it more prone to illness.",
        "What are the symptoms of fatigue from heart disease?": "If you find yourself becoming exhausted after an activity that used to be easy -- for example, walking up the steps -- it may be time to talk to your doctor about the possibility of heart disease.",
        "How do you know if you're fatigued?": "Fatigue is a lingering tiredness that is constant and limiting. With fatigue, you have unexplained, persistent, and relapsing exhaustion. It's similar to how you feel when you have the flu or have missed a lot of sleep. If you have chronic fatigue, or systemic exertion intolerance disease, you may wake in the morning feeling as though you've not slept. Or you may be unable to function at work or be productive at home. You may be too exhausted even to manage your daily affairs.",
        "How can autism cause anger?": "Anger is not unusual for people on the autism spectrum. The rage can come on suddenly, seemingly from nowhere, and then vanish just as quickly. Triggers include stress, sensory overload, being ignored, and a change in routine. A person with autism spectrum disorder may have trouble communicating, making things even harder. They may not even realize they are acting out of anger. Part of the solution is becoming more aware of themselves and situations.",
        "How can an overactive thyroid cause anger?": "Hyperthyroidism is when the thyroid gland produces too much thyroid hormone. This hormone has a direct effect on a person\u2019s mood, linking the condition with a rise in tension and anxiety. It's treated with medication.",
        "How can epilepsy cause anger?": "An epileptic seizure is an electrical disturbance in the brain. It can cause uncontrollable shaking and even loss of consciousness. That can be scary and confusing for someone. It's rare, but sometimes people lash out right after having a seizure. People with epilepsy are also more likely to feel self-conscious, depressed, and anxious. Sometimes anti-seizure medicines can cause behavior changes or outbursts, particularly in kids.",
        "How can liver failure cause anger?": "Left untreated, inflammation, the early stages of diseases like cirrhosis and hepatitis, can damage the liver. When this organ fails, it stops removing toxic substances from the body. The buildup of poisons can lead to hepatic encephalopathy, a brain disorder that causes personality changes and loss of control.",
        "How is colon cleansing with irrigation (high colonics) done?": "Colon irrigations work somewhat like an enema but they involve much more water. While you lie on a table, a low-pressure pump or a gravity-based reservoir flushes several gallons of water through a small tube inserted into your rectum. After the water is in the colon, the therapist may massage your abdomen. Then you release the water like a regular bowel movement; the process flushes out the fluids and waste. The therapist may repeat the process, and a session may last up to an hour.",
        "What is sports massage?": "Developed to help with muscle systems used for a particular sport, sports massage uses a variety of approaches to help athletes in training -- before, during, or after sports events. You might use it to promote flexibility and help prevent injuries. Or, it may help muscle strains, aiding healing after a sports injury.",
        "What is shiatsu massage?": "In Japanese, shiatsu means \"finger pressure.\" For shiatsu massage, the therapist uses varied, rhythmic pressure on certain precise points of the body. These points are called acupressure points, and they are believed to be important for the flow of the body's vital energy, called chi. Proponents say shiatsu massage can help relieve blockages at these acupressure points.",
        "What are the strokes of Swedish massage?": "Four common strokes of Swedish massage are:",
        "What is deep tissue massage?": "Deep tissue massage is best for giving attention to certain painful, stiff \"trouble spots\" in your body. The massage therapist uses slow, deliberate strokes that focus pressure on layers of muscles, tendons, or other tissues deep under your skin. Though less rhythmic than other types of massage, deep tissue massage may be therapeutic -- relieving chronic patterns of tension and helping with muscle injuries, such as back sprain.",
        "What is neuromuscular therapy massage?": "Neuromuscular therapy is a form of soft tissue manipulation that aims to treat underlying causes of chronic pain involving the muscular and nervous systems. This medically-oriented form of massage addresses trigger points (tender muscles points), circulation, nerve compression, postural issues, and biomechanical problems that can be caused by repetitive movement injuries.",
        "What is Swedish massage?": "The most common type of massage is Swedish massage therapy. It involves soft, long, kneading strokes, as well as light, rhythmic, tapping strokes, on topmost layers of muscles. This is also combined with movement of the joints. By relieving muscle tension, Swedish therapy can be both relaxing and energizing. And it may even help after an injury."
    },
    "Health & Sex": {
        "Where do the germs that cause sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) come from?": "The germs that cause sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) hide in semen, blood, vaginal secretions, and sometimes saliva.",
        "Is masturbation harmful?": "In general, the medical community considers masturbation to be a natural and harmless expression of sexuality for both men and women. It does not cause any physical injury or harm to the body, and can be performed in moderation throughout a person's lifetime as a part of normal sexual behavior.",
        "Is masturbation normal?": "While it once was regarded as a perversion and a sign of a mental problem, masturbation now is regarded as a normal, healthy sexual activity that is pleasant, fulfilling, acceptable, and safe. It is a good way to experience sexual pleasure and can be done throughout life. Masturbation is only considered a problem when it inhibits sexual activity with a partner, is done in public, or causes significant distress to the person.",
        "Will sex feel different during pregnancy?": "As your pregnancy progresses, changing positions may become necessary for your comfort. After the fourth month of pregnancy women may notice feeling dizzy or nauseated while lying flat on their back. This is related to the weight of the growing uterus pressing on major blood vessels. Positions may need to be altered at this time.",
        "Is painful sex during pregnancy normal?": "During intercourse, you should not feel pain. During orgasm, your uterus will contract. If you have any contractions that are painful or regular, contact your doctor. Also, discontinue intercourse and call your doctor immediately if you have heavy vaginal bleeding (light spotting is normal) or if your water breaks (nothing should enter the vagina after your water breaks).",
        "What does sexual orientation mean?": "Sexual orientation is a term used to refer to a person's emotional, romantic, and sexual attraction to individuals of a particular gender (male or female). Sexual orientation involves a person's feelings and sense of identity; it may or may not be evident in the person's appearance or behavior. People may have attractions to people of the same or opposite sex, but may elect not to act on these feelings.",
        "Why are some people homosexual or bisexual?": "Most scientists agree that sexual orientation (including homosexuality and bisexuality) is the result of a combination of environmental, emotional, hormonal, and biological factors."
    },
    "Health A-Z": {
        "How can I use baking soda to calm indigestion?": "Add 1/4 teaspoon of baking soda to a glass of water to zap acid in your stomach. However, acid doesn\u2019t cause all kinds of indigestion, so if your symptoms don\u2019t improve after 2 weeks, call your doctor.",
        "How can I use baking soda to treat kidney disease?": "A daily dose of sodium bicarbonate can help people whose kidneys can no longer remove enough acid from their blood.",
        "Can baking soda treat insect bites and stings?": "While baking soda isn\u2019t good for everyday use on your skin, it can soothe the redness, itching, and stinging that signal a mild reaction to an insect bite. Many over-the-counter creams contain baking soda. You can also make your own paste of one part baking soda to three parts water. This also works for poison ivy and rashes.",
        "How do you fix a broken nose without surgery?": "If your doctor decides your broken nose can be fixed without surgery, they'll have to do it within 1-2 weeks of your injury. Any longer and it will begin to heal on its own, even if the bones are out of place.",
        "What are signs that I might have too much iron?": "Symptoms of high iron levels vary and can include:",
        "What do the results mean in a ferritin blood test?": "If your results are lower than normal, you have iron deficiency and possibly anemia. Your doctor may prescribe iron supplements or order more blood tests to figure out the cause.",
        "When should you seek medical care for an abscess?": "Call your doctor if any of the following occur with an abscess:",
        "What tests do doctors use to diagnose a kidney infection?": "Your doctor may also use these tests to diagnose your kidney infection:",
        "How can I prevent kidney infections?": "You can\u2019t completely prevent all bladder infections, but you may be less likely to get one if you:",
        "What are side effects of iron supplements?": "Iron supplements can cause constipation, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, heartburn, and dark poop.",
        "What are symptoms of iron deficiency anemia?": "Mild iron deficiency anemia often isn't noticeable. When it gets more severe, you may have these symptoms:",
        "How are kidney infections treated?": "Usually, the first step is antibiotics, which you may need for a week or two. Your symptoms should improve within a few days, but make sure to finish the medicine as your doctor suggests.",
        "What conditions cause anemia related to hormones?": "Conditions causing this type of anemia include the following:",
        "When might you need a transfusion of red blood cells?": "If supplements don't help with your iron deficiency anemia symptoms or your anemia is severe, you might need a transfusion of red blood cells.",
        "Are there many blood types?": "While everyone\u2019s blood is made up of the same basic parts, there\u2019s actually a lot of variety in the kinds of blood that exist. There are eight different blood types, and the type you have is determined by genes you inherit from your parents.",
        "What antibiotics can treat urethritis?": "Antibiotics can cure urethritis caused by bacteria. Some of the most commonly prescribed ones include:",
        "What are the treatments for urethritis caused by herpes simplex virus?": "Urethritis caused by herpes simplex virus can be treated with:",
        "What is urethritis, and what is its main symptom?": "Urethritis is inflammation of the urethra, the tube that carries pee from your bladder outside your body.",
        "How do you treat anemia caused by blood loss?": "If you suddenly lose a large volume of blood, you may be treated with fluids, a blood transfusion, oxygen, and possibly iron to help your body build new red blood cells. If your blood loss is on-going, your doctor will find out what\u2019s causing the bleeding, stop it, and, if needed, treat you for iron-deficiency anemia.",
        "What blood tests can diagnose anemia?": "Blood tests can help confirm if you have anemia and help pinpoint underlying causes. Tests might include:",
        "What diseases can Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) cause other than mono?": "EBV is best known for causing mononucleosis, but less often it can lead to other diseases, including:"
    },
    "Health Insurance and Medicare": {},
    "Healthy Aging": {
        "How often should people over 60 get screened for colon cancer?": "The main U.S. task force recommends screening for colorectal cancer starting at age 50 until age 75. You may need to start at a younger age or get screen more often if you have factors that raise your chances for colon cancer. Screening can be done with:",
        "How do hypothyroidism and hyperthyroidism affect my appetite and weight?": "With hypothyroidism, your thyroid doesn\u2019t make enough hormones to keep your body running properly. You might not have any appetite, yet still unexpectedly gain weight. It can also cause uncomfortable constipation. Hyperthyroidism, or overactive thyroid, can trigger the opposite symptoms: extreme hunger and thirst, diarrhea, and weight loss.",
        "What is sensorineural hearing loss?": "Sensorineural hearing loss happens most often from damage to the hair cells in the inner ear. Other causes include damage to the auditory nerve or the brain. It\u2019s usually happens as you get older, but it also can happen because of noise exposure, chemotherapy, radiation, trauma, and genetics.",
        "What can cause earwax buildup, and what are some ways to handle it?": "Cleaning inside your ear canal, especially with cotton swabs, can push wax deeper into the ear. That can cause a wax buildup (cerumen impaction) that can make it hard to hear with the affected ear. The shape of the canals can make it hard to clear the wax, and hearing aids or earplugs also can cause buildup.",
        "What is airplane ear?": "Airplane ear is that feeling of pressure in your ears when an airplane is takes off and lands. It happens when the air pressure in your middle ear and the air pressure around you aren't balanced.",
        "How is sound affected by cochlear implants?": "If you have some hearing left, sound may seem \"mechanical\" or \"synthetic,\" although most people no longer notice this after several months.",
        "Who does the cochlear implant work for best?": "The devices work best for children who:",
        "What are the disadvantages and risks of cochlear implants?": "Cochlear implant surgery is very safe, but any operation has risks. Problems can include bleeding, infections, and side effects from anesthesia. Other possible complications include:",
        "Who should get a cochlear implant?": "The American Speech-Language-Hearing Association says the device is best for adults who have:",
        "What can happen if the cochlear implants get wet?": "Some parts of the device can get damaged if they get wet. You need to take off the speech processor before you bathe, shower, or swim. You also can cover that part with a waterproof case or choose a waterproof cochlear implant processor. Rarely, the implant may stop working, and you\u2019d need surgery to fix the problem.",
        "What are the tests for cochlear implants?": "You may have tests, such as:",
        "How can you avoid whistling sound from hearing aid?": "Most modern hearing aids have automatic feedback cancellation, but you might still get a whistling sound sometimes. To avoid it:",
        "What breathing problems from anesthesia can I have after surgery?": "Anesthesia hampers your normal breathing and stifles your urge to cough. After chest or abdominal surgery, it could hurt to breathe in deeply or push air out. Mucus may build up in your lungs.",
        "When do I take off the bandage from surgery?": "Your doctor will give you exact instructions on when and how to change your bandage. Most wounds don't need one after a few days, but if you keep the area covered, it may help protect the cut from injury and it may heal faster.",
        "Should I keep my wound out of the sun after surgery?": "Sunburn can darken a healing scar and make it more noticeable. For the first 6 months after your operation, try to keep it out of sunlight. When you're outside in daylight, cover it with tape or put on sunscreen.",
        "What should I do if my wound bleeds after surgery?": "Replace the bloody bandage with a new one. If you apply pressure directly to the cut for a few minutes, it'll ususally stop the bleeding. Call your doctor if it doesn't stop right away.",
        "What are the advantages of a cochlear implant?": "It can be life-changing if you have a serious hearing problem. But the results aren't the same for everyone. Some people benefit more than others. Some of the pros:"
    },
    "Healthy Beauty": {
        "How common are allergic reactions to hyaluronic acid fillers?": "Allergic reactions are uncommon. Hyaluronic acid fillers are made from substances similar to those found in your body. But if you are allergic to lidocaine used to numb the pain during injections, tell your doctor before your treatment.",
        "How long does it take to heal after you get your ears pierced?": "There are different types of tissue in different parts of your ear, so healing time depends on your body and the place you've pierced. Earlobes usually take 6-8 weeks. If you pierce the cartilage on the side of your ear, it can take 4 months to a year. Ask your piercing professional for an estimate.",
        "Are there people who should not get botox?": "People who are pregnant, breastfeeding, or have a neurological disease should not use Botox. Since Botox doesn't work for all wrinkles, you should consult with a doctor first.",
        "What are keloid scars?": "Keloid scars are the result of an overly aggressive healing process. Over time, a keloid scar may keep that area from moving well. Treatments include surgery to remove the scar, steroid injections, or silicone sheets to flatten the scar. Smaller keloids can be treated using cryotherapy (freezing therapy using liquid nitrogen). Keloid scars are most common among people with dark skin.",
        "What is minoxidil and how can it help thinning hair?": "Minoxidil is the only over-the-counter medication for hair loss approved by the FDA for use by both men and women. It won't rescue a receding hairline. It does stimulate hair growth, although scientists aren't quite sure how it works.",
        "Can tretinoin help with stretch marks?": "Creams with tretinoin (Retin-A) contain retinoid. They may help fade newer stretch marks, but they can cause your skin to become red, irritated, or scaly. They\u2019re also used to treat wrinkles.",
        "How much do breast implants cost?": "How much breast implants cost depends on the location, doctor, and type of implant used. Typically, the surgery ranges from $5,000 to $10,000. Because it is a cosmetic procedure, health insurance usually doesn't cover breast augmentation.",
        "How can retinoids help with warts?": "Doctors may prescribe retinoids for warts, particularly when other treatments have failed. Retinoids disrupt the wart's cell growth. Follow your doctor's instructions. You may need to use them for a few months before warts disappear.",
        "How long does it take a nose piercing to heal?": "Pierced nostrils heal completely in about 2 to 4 months. A pierced septum heals in about 3 to 4 months.",
        "How should I apply lip balm to treat chapped lips?": "Apply early and often. Whatever type of product you choose, apply it before you put on lipstick or lip gloss, not after. To keep your lips protected, reapply frequently. You need about six to eight coats during the day, so apply first thing in the morning, last thing at night, and every couple of hours during the day.",
        "When should I see a doctor about my dry, itchy skin?": "If your dry, itchy skin doesn't get better within 2 weeks, call your doctor. In some cases, dry skin and itching can be caused by an allergic reaction or a skin disorder such as eczema or psoriasis, which may require specific treatments.",
        "Can my nipple piercing close up?": "If you remove your nipple ring(s) for any reason, the hole may get smaller or close up after a few weeks. Go to a professional studio to have it redone. Don't try to re-pierce it yourself.",
        "What are the best fabrics to wear if you have sensitive skin?": "Smooth, soft, natural fabrics, such as fine cotton and silk, feel best worn next to the skin. Cotton is cool; silk is warm. Both are absorbent and help draw body moisture away from the skin. Rayon and linen are also comfortable for sensitive skin, but they're heavier. Clothing should be loose fitting with few or no creases and folds.",
        "When should I call the doctor about chapped lips?": "See a dermatologist if your problem persists. Chapping that doesn\u2019t heal, despite regular use of lip balm, can be a sign of infection or a more serious problem, like cancer or a pre-cancer condition called actinic cheilitis.",
        "Why is vitamin C in skin care products?": "As you age, your body makes less collagen and elastin, which keep skin strong, flexible, and resilient. The antioxidants in vitamin C may boost the amount of collagen and minimize fine lines, wrinkles, and scars.",
        "How does copper peptide affect the skin?": "Studies have shown that copper peptide promotes the production of collagen and elastin in your skin. It also acts as an antioxidant and promotes production of glycosaminoglycans (such as hyaluronic acid).",
        "How long does it take a nipple piercing to heal?": "Nipple tissue takes longer to heal than most other pierced areas of your body. It may take up to 6 months for yours to heal.",
        "What types of makeup can you wear after laser resurfacing?": "Once the treated areas have healed, you can wear makeup to hide the pink to red color that is typically seen after laser skin resurfacing. Green-based makeups are particularly suitable for this camouflage since they neutralize the red color. Oil-free makeups are recommended after laser resurfacing."
    },
    "Heart Disease": {
        "How does potassium help your heart?": "Potassium plays a role in every heartbeat. A hundred thousand times a day, it helps trigger your heart to squeeze blood through your body.",
        "Are there different types of pacemakers?": "Yes. There are three:",
        "What are the complications of mitral valve regurgitation?": "You may feel tired and out of breath if you have mitral regurgitation. You might have fluid collecting in your legs and feet. This is called edema.",
        "How can lifestyle choices help manage mitral valve regurgitation?": "This condition happens when a faulty valve in your heart lets some of your blood flow the wrong way. You can do lots of things to help ease your condition:",
        "What are the treatments for bradycardia?": "Bradycardia is when your resting heart beat is less than 60 beats a minute. You may not need any treatment if you have a mild case. Your doctor will just want to keep a watchful eye. If you have a more serious situation, you may need a pacemaker to help you keep a steady heartbeat.",
        "What are the types of mitral valve regurgitation?": "There are two types of mitral valve regurgitation: chronic and acute. A chronic case develops slowly, and you may not even notice symptoms at first. Signs of the condition slowly get worse over time. An acute case comes on quickly and can be life-threatening. Your doctor will want to take fast action.",
        "Can medications help treat mitral valve regurgitation?": "This condition happens when a faulty valve in your heart lets some of your blood flow the wrong way.",
        "How can I lower my resting heart rate?": "Exercise. Physical activity strengths your heart just like other muscles in your body.",
        "What is the mitral valve?": "Your mitral valve is in the passageway between your heart's left atrium (upper left chamber) and left ventricle (lower left chamber).",
        "What are treatments for mitral valve regurgitation?": "If you have a really mild case, you might need no treatments at all. Your doctor will still want to keep a watchful eye on you with regular checkups.",
        "Can open heart surgery treat mitral valve regurgitation?": "Open heart surgery is a way to repair or replace your heart valve. Usually, doctors prefer to repair the valve instead of replacing it. If you get a replacement, the valve may be a man-made device or it could come from a pig, a cow, or someone who signed up for organ donation before they died.",
        "What are complications of mitral valve regurgitation?": "Severe regurgitation can cause blood clots, gel-like clumps that can create serious problems if they get to the lungs or brain.",
        "What does a high resting heart rate mean?": "A high resting heart rate may mean your heart works extra hard to pump blood. If your pulse is consistently more than 100 beats per minute at rest, it's a good idea to see your doctor. Over time, a high resting heart rate may affect how well your heart functions works and raise your chances of cardiovascular disease.",
        "What kinds of medications treat mitral valve regurgitation?": "Medicine cannot reverse mitral valve regurgitation, but it can treat many of the symptoms it causes and can be used if the leakage isn\u2019t too bad. Some options are:",
        "How does mitral valve regurgitation happen?": "The mitral valve is supposed to be a one-way passage. It has flaps that should close behind the surge of blood it sends to the left ventricle.",
        "Can minimally invasive surgery be used to treat mitral valve regurgitation?": "Your doctor could recommend minimally invasive heart surgery to treat mitral valve regurgitation. Instead of opening up your chest, your doctor creates one or more small cuts and works through them. Depending on the kind of procedure, the surgeon may use a robotic arm or a long, flexible tube called a thoracoscope that holds a tiny video camera.",
        "What conditions can cause sinus bradycardia?": "This is one type of bradycardia, when your resting heart beat is less than 60 beats a minute. It happens when your sinus node, sometimes called your heart\u2019s natural pacemaker, doesn\u2019t work right.",
        "What is sinus bradycardia?": "This is one type of bradycardia, when your resting heart beat is less than 60 beats a minute. Your sinus node, a group of cells that sends out electrical signals that tell you when to pump out more blood, may send those signals too slowly or not at all.",
        "How many times does your heart beat each day?": "The heart beats (expands and contracts) 100,000 times per day, pumping five or six quarts of blood each minute, or about 2,000 gallons per day.",
        "Can mitral valve regurgitation cause fatigue and shortness of breath?": "Mitral valve regurgitation might cause fatigue and shortness of breath. The blood coming through the left side of your heart fuels your body, bringing oxygen from your lungs to your cells. If some of that blood is flowing back into the heart instead, you might end up feeling tired or lightheaded, particularly if you\u2019ve been active. In severe cases, you can find yourself feeling tired or short of breath even when you\u2019re at rest.",
        "What are examples of anticoagulant medications?": "Examples of anticoagulants include:",
        "How can mitral valve regurgitation affect you?": "You may feel tired and out of breath if you have it. You may also have higher blood pressure and a buildup of fluid in your lungs.",
        "What should I do to prepare for a transesophageal echocardiogram?": "Tell your doctor if you have any problems with your esophagus, such as hiatal hernia, swallowing problems, or cancer.",
        "Can you get heart palpitations from food?": "Some people have palpitations after heavy meals rich in carbohydrates, sugar, or fat. Sometimes, eating foods with a lot of monosodium glutamate (MSG), nitrates, or sodium can bring them on as well."
    },
    "Heart Failure": {
        "Should I avoid certain foods or medicine while taking ACE inhibitors?": "ACE inhibitors are drugs that widen the blood vessels to improve your blood flow. If you\u2019re taking these drugs, avoid:",
        "What causes congestive heart failure?": "Anything that damages your heart muscle or makes it work too hard can lead to congestive heart failure. Some examples include:",
        "What is the definition of collateral blood vessels?": "Collateral blood vessels are small capillary-like branches of an artery that form over time in response to narrowed coronary arteries. The collaterals \"bypass\" the area of narrowing and help to restore blood flow. However, during times of increased exertion, the collaterals may not be able to supply enough oxygen-rich blood to the heart muscle.",
        "What is the definition of sodium?": "Sodium is a mineral found in most of the foods we eat. The largest source of dietary sodium comes from sodium chloride or table salt. Intake of sodium tends to increase the retention of water.",
        "What is the definition of stenosis?": "Stenosis is the narrowing or restriction of a blood vessel or valve that reduces blood flow.",
        "How can heart failure lead to kidney damage or failure?": "Your kidneys filter wastes and extra fluid out of your blood. Just like your other organs, they need a steady supply of blood to work like they should.",
        "What is the definition of diastolic pressure?": "Diastolic pressure is the pressure of the blood in the arteries when the heart is filling. It is the lower of two blood pressure measurements; for example, if the blood pressure is 120/80, then 80 is the diastolic pressure.",
        "How long can you live after a heart transplant?": "How long you live after a heart transplant depends on many things, including age, general health, and response to the transplant. Recent figures show that 75% of heart transplant patients live at least 5 years after surgery. Nearly 85% return to work or other activities they previously enjoyed. Many people enjoy swimming, cycling, running, or other sports.",
        "What is the definition of pulse rate?": "Pulse rate is the number of heartbeats per minute. The resting pulse rate for an average adult is between 60 and 80 beats per minute.",
        "What is the definition of IHSS?": "IHSS, or idiopathic hypertrophic subaortic stenosis, is another term used synonymously with hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy (HOCM). It is an inherited disease of the heart that causes thickening of the heart muscle and other changes to the heart that significantly impair its function. Although the disease is rare, IHSS is the most common cause of sudden cardiac arrest in young people. The term that is most frequently used now is HOCM.",
        "What is unstable angina?": "This type of angina is considered an acute coronary syndrome. It may be a new symptom or a change from stable angina. It may come more often, occur at rest, or feel more severe. Although this angina can be relieved with oral medications, it is unstable and may progress to a heart attack. Usually medical treatment or a procedure is required to address it.",
        "How can I ease my heart failure symptoms?": "Maintain fluid balance: Your doctor may ask you to keep a record of the you eat or drink, and how often you go to the bathroom. Remember, the more fluid you carry in your blood vessels, the harder your heart must work to pump excess fluid through your body. Limiting the fluids you drink to 2 liters per day will ease the workload of your heart and keep symptoms from coming back",
        "What does it mean if you have a lack of appetite or nausea if you have heart failure?": "Because blood is being moved away from your digestive system, your appetite may not be as big as it usually is. You might also feel sick to your stomach.",
        "Can end-stage heart failure cause coughing?": "You may already have a dry cough that acts up when you\u2019re lying in bed. You might cough often during the day, and your phlegm could have a slight pink tint to it. That means there\u2019s a bit of blood in the gunk you\u2019re coughing up. Advanced heart failure can make that cough worse, especially when you\u2019re lying down.",
        "Can end-stage heart failure cause depression or anxiety?": "This disease can make you worry about your health. You may even have physical symptoms like sweating, shortness of breath, or fatigue. Depression or anxiety may be even more likely with advanced heart failure. Talk to your doctor about ways to get help.",
        "Can heart failure cause me to retain fluid?": "A weak heart pumps less blood to your kidneys and causes fluid and water retention. That can bring swollen ankles, legs, and abdomen (called edema), and weight gain. This can also make you need to pee more at night as your body attempts to get rid of this excess fluid. Bloating in your stomach may cause a loss of appetite or nausea.",
        "Is loss of appetite normal with end-stage heart failure?": "You might not feel hungry anymore, so you may eat less. Advanced heart failure can make this more pronounced. You may not lose weight, either: Fluid buildup in your body often leads to weight gain.",
        "Can my swelling be because of end-stage heart failure?": "When your heart can\u2019t move blood through your body, it can build up in certain body parts. That can lead to swollen feet, ankles, legs, or a swollen belly. You might also gain weight from fluid in these areas. Advanced heart disease makes swollen body parts and weight gain more likely.",
        "How does someone care for their wound after the pacemaker implant?": "Keep the area where the pacemaker was inserted clean and dry. After about five days, you may take a shower. Look at your wound daily to make sure it is healing. Call your doctor if you notice:",
        "What are some side effects of potassium and magnesium supplements?": "Possible side effects of potassium and magnesium supplements include nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, and abdominal discomfort. If these side effects continue, call your doctor. If you take controlled-release tablets or capsules and have severe vomiting, vomit blood, or have abdominal pain or swelling, stop taking the medication and call your doctor right away.",
        "How can heart failure cause rapid or irregular heartbeats?": "The heart beats faster to pump enough blood to the body. This can cause a fast or irregular heartbeat.",
        "What is the B-type natriuretic peptide blood test?": "When you have heart failure, your heart makes two proteins. Your doctor will call them B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) and N-terminal-pro-BNP. Levels of both in your blood go up when your heart failure gets worse and go down when it gets better. A test called a BNP blood test measures those two important levels. It\u2019s able to spot heart failure more than 80% of the time.",
        "What is the definition of systolic pressure?": "Systolic pressure is the pressure of the blood in the arteries when the heart pumps. It is the higher of two blood pressure measurements; for example, if the blood pressure is 120/80, then 120 is the systolic pressure.",
        "What is bundle branch block?": "Normally, the electrical impulse provided by the bundle branch travels down both the right and left bundle branches at the same speed and the ventricles contract at the same time. If there is a block in one of the branches, it's called a bundle branch block. A bundle branch block causes one ventricle to contract just after the other ventricle, reducing the overall efficiency of contraction.",
        "What is the definition of capillaries?": "Capillaries are tiny blood vessels connecting arteries to veins. These blood vessels carry oxygen and nutrients to individual cells throughout the body."
    },
    "Heart Health": {
        "How is a leaky heart valve diagnosed?": "A doctor usually diagnoses a leaky heart valve by:",
        "What is a leaky heart valve?": "Any of your four heart valves can become leaky. This means that just after the heart squeezes and pumps blood forward, some blood will leak backward through the valve. Leaking through the valve is also called valve regurgitation.",
        "What can you do to manage a leaky heart valve?": "Everyone with a leaky heart valve can benefit from daily exercise, like walking. Before engaging in competitive or contact sports, people with severe valve regurgitation should talk with their doctors.",
        "What causes tricuspid regurgitation?": "Moderate or severe tricuspid regurgitation may result from pulmonary hypertension. Pulmonary hypertension is high blood pressure in the pulmonary artery. This high blood pressure has many possible causes. The main one is congestive heart failure.",
        "What is the treatment for tricuspid regurgitation?": "Medicines may not be effective in treating tricuspid regurgitation. Diuretics, or water pills, can help relieve body swelling, or edema, that\u2019s due to congestive heart failure. The tricuspid valve may be repaired during surgery to correct other leaky heart valves. Surgical repair of the tricuspid valve generally works better than replacing it. Surgery to replace the tricuspid valve by itself (not along with the mitral or aortic valve) is only recommended in rare cases.",
        "What are some other symptoms of a leaky heart valve?": "Additional symptoms of a leaky heart valve may include:",
        "What is the treatment for aortic regurgitation related to a leaky heart valve?": "Many people with aortic regurgitation only require observation over time. People with symptoms due to severe aortic valve regurgitation may benefit from certain blood pressure medicines called vasodilators. Other drug treatments for congestive heart failure, such as diuretics, can be helpful in treating severe aortic regurgitation.",
        "What is the treatment for mitral regurgitation related to a leaky heart valve?": "Some people with a leaky mitral valve don't require treatment. The standard approach is observation over time. Experts don't recommend daily medication for mitral regurgitation unless there is significant heart failure.",
        "What is your heart rate?": "Your heart rate, or pulse, is the number of times your heart beats in a minute. Everyone\u2019s is different and it changes as you get older. Understanding your heart rate and what\u2019s a healthy one for you is an important part of taking care of yourself.",
        "Who is more likely to get postural hypotension?": "Postural hypotension occurs most frequently in people who are taking drugs to control high blood pressure (hypertension). It can also be related to pregnancy, strong emotions, hardening of the arteries (atherosclerosis), or diabetes. The elderly are particularly at risk.",
        "Who gets postural hypotension?": "It can happen to anyone for a variety of reasons, such as dehydration, lack of food, or being overly fatigued.",
        "What can happen if you have chronic low blood pressure?": "Health problems can happen when blood pressure drops suddenly and the brain is deprived of an adequate blood supply. This can lead to dizziness or lightheadedness.",
        "What is the optimal blood pressure?": "Optimal blood pressure is less than 120/80.",
        "What is low blood pressure?": "Hypotension is the medical term for low blood pressure, defined as less than 90/60.",
        "Can diseases cause postural hypotension?": "Yes, including:",
        "What causes a leaky aortic valve?": "Causes of a leaky aortic valve include:",
        "How is a leaky tricuspid valve diagnosed?": "Many healthy adults have a slightly leaky tricuspid valve. This may be discovered incidentally, usually causes no problems, and does not require treatment or follow-up.",
        "What causes a leaky mitral valve?": "Causes of a leaky mitral valve include:",
        "What are the symptoms of a leaky heart valve?": "Frequently, a leaky heart valve causes no symptoms.",
        "When are you most likely to get low and high blood pressure?": "The risk of both low and high blood pressure normally increases with age due in part to normal changes during aging.",
        "What can cause sudden drops in blood pressure?": "\ufffdLoss of blood from bleeding",
        "What is postural hypotension?": "Postural hypotension is considered a failure of the cardiovascular system or nervous system to react appropriately to sudden changes. Normally, when you stand up, some blood pools in your lower extremities. Your body normally compensates by sending messages to your heart to beat faster and to your blood vessels to constrict. If this does not happen, or happens too slowly, postural hypotension results and can lead to fainting.",
        "Which drugs can cause postural hypotension?": "\ufffdDrugs used to treat high blood pressure, such as diuretics, beta-blockers, calcium-channel blockers, and angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors",
        "What causes low blood pressure?": "The cause of low blood pressure isn't always clear. It may be because:",
        "How can hypotension happen?": "Hypotension after meals is a common cause of dizziness and falls after eating. This is most common after large meals containing a lot of carbohydrates. It\u2019s believed to be caused by blood pooling into the vessels of the stomach and intestines."
    },
    "Heartburn/GERD": {
        "What are types of histamine 2 (H2) blockers used to lessen heartburn?": "Histamine 2 blockers (also called H2 blockers) target a substance called histamine. The result is that your stomach makes less acid, which cuts down on heartburn.",
        "How long does it take for heartburn treatment to work?": "The answer depends on whether you're about to try an over-the-counter antacid or a long-term prescription drug. Each heartburn treatment works differently, but in general:",
        "Can over-the-counter medications help my acid reflux?": "Antacids, such as Alka-Seltzer, Maalox, Mylanta, Rolaids, or Riopan, can neutralize the acid from your stomach. However, they may cause diarrhea or constipation, especially if you overuse them.",
        "How is laryngopharyngeal reflux (LPR) diagnosed?": "Your doctor can diagnose LPR with a combination of a medical history, physical exam, and one or more tests. Tests may include:",
        "What medications might be used to treat laryngopharyngeal reflux (LPR)?": "You may also need to take one or more types of medicine such as:",
        "What is Barrett's esophagus?": "Barrett's esophagus is a serious complication of GERD (gastroesophageal reflux disease). In Barrett's esophagus, normal tissue lining the esophagus changes to tissue that resembles the lining of the intestine. About 10% of people with chronic symptoms of GERD develop Barrett's esophagus. People with Barrett's esophagus are more likely to get esophageal adenocarcinoma, which is a rare cancer of the esophagus. But even in them, that cancer isn't common.",
        "Why does smoking cause acid reflux?": "Smoking may:",
        "Is chewing gum an effective way to get heartburn relief?": "It may sound strange, but gum stimulates the production of saliva, which is an acid buffer. Plus, chewing gum makes you swallow more often, which pushes acids back out of your esophagus.",
        "What foods can affect your lower esophageal sphincter (LES) leading to heartburn?": "Certain foods can relax your lower esophageal sphincter (LES) or increase stomach acid, including:",
        "What is a hiatal hernia?": "A hernia is the pressing of an organ through an opening in the muscle wall of the cavity that protects it. With a hiatal hernia, part of the stomach pushes through the hole where the esophagus and the stomach join.",
        "What can happen if you take too much of antacids?": "Serious side effects can happen with an overdose or overuse of antacids. Side effects include constipation, diarrhea, change in the color of bowel movements, and stomach cramps. Products containing calcium may cause kidney stones and are more likely to cause constipation.",
        "Are there prescription medicines to help my acid reflux disease?": "Your doctor may suggest more than one type or suggest you try a combination of medications such as these:",
        "What changes to my diet can help my acid reflux disease?": "First, avoid the foods and beverages that trigger symptoms. If that doesn't do the trick:",
        "Is acid reflux disease ever treated with surgery?": "There are two types of surgical treatment used to relieve symptoms of acid reflux disease if daily use of medication isn't effective.",
        "What is the role of hiatal hernia in gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)?": "Some doctors believe a hiatal hernia may weaken the lower esophageal sphincter (LES) and increase the risk for gastroesophageal reflux. Hiatal hernia occurs when the upper part of the stomach moves up into the chest through a small opening in the diaphragm. (The diaphragm is the muscle separating the abdomen from the chest.) Recent studies show that the opening in the diaphragm helps support the lower end of the esophagus. Many people with a hiatal hernia will not have problems with heartburn or reflux, but having a hiatal hernia may allow stomach contents to reflux more easily into the esophagus.",
        "What are examples of antacids?": "Antacids are medication that neutralize stomach acid to cut down on heartburn. Examples of antacids include:",
        "How should you take antacids?": "You should take antacids exactly as directed by your doctor or according to the package label. If you use the tablets, chew them well before swallowing for faster relief.",
        "What can I do to swallow less air and reduce gas?": "To swallow less air, you can try:",
        "What are symptoms of gas?": "In addition to burping and flatulence, you may feel bloated. You could also have pain in your belly or sides. That pain could be mistaken for something else, like a heart attack or appendicitis."
    },
    "Hepatitis": {
        "How popular is acetaminophen?": "More than 50 million Americans use acetaminophen each week. It's most widely used drug ingredient in the U.S., found in more than 600 prescription and over-the-counter (\u201cOTC\u201d) medications, including allergy pills, cold medicines, cough syrups, headache pills, and sleep aids.",
        "Is there a link between cirrhosis and liver cancer?": "Cirrhosis can take 20 or more years to develop. During that time, the healthy cells in your liver are slowly replaced with scar tissue. While these scars grow, your liver tries to heal itself by creating new cells. But this process has a downside. It can raise your odds of getting liver cancer. The more cells your liver creates, the higher the chances that a change, or mutation, will take place. And that's what causes cancerous tumors. But it's rare -- of people with hep C who get cirrhosis, only about 20% get liver cancer.",
        "What is an alkaline phosphatase test?": "Alkaline phosphatase is an enzyme you have in your liver, bile ducts, and bone. You might have high levels if you have liver damage or disease, a blocked bile duct, or bone disease.",
        "What are the symptoms of an enlarged liver (hepatomegaly)?": "Most of the time, if you have a slightly enlarged liver, you won't notice any symptoms. If it's severely swollen, though, you may have:",
        "Can abnormal growths cause an enlarged liver (hepatomegaly)?": "Abnormal growths may cause an enlarged liver. These may be due to:",
        "How is an enlarged liver (hepatomegaly) diagnosed?": "Your doctor will do a physical exam to see if your liver is larger than it should be. They may also order blood tests and ask you to get images made with:",
        "Why is sugar bad for someone with fatty liver disease?": "Too much simple sugar speeds up the process where your liver turns food into fat. Avoid candy, regular soda, and other foods with added sugars including high-fructose corn syrup. Choose naturally sweet things, like fruit, instead.",
        "What carbs can I eat with fatty liver disease eat?": "Try complex carbohydrates, like those with a lot of fiber. They tend to have a low glycemic index, so they digest slower and their sugar doesn't flood into your body. That can help increase insulin sensitivity and lower your blood cholesterol. Good choices include whole grains, beans and lentils, and starchy vegetables.",
        "Can I take supplements if I have fatty liver disease?": "Check with your doctor first. Supplements can change the way your medicines work, or cause other health problems. They may not help if you don't take the right amount in the right way.",
        "Can I drink alcohol if I have fatty liver disease?": "You shouldn't drink at all if your fatty liver disease was caused by heavy drinking. It can lead to even more serious liver damage. If you have nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, it's probably OK to have a drink once in a while, but not more than every other month.",
        "What fats are OK if I have fatty liver disease?": "Certain fats in your diet can improve your sensitivity to, or ability to use, insulin. This means your cells can take in glucose, so your liver doesn't need to make and store fat.",
        "Can vitamins help with fatty liver disease?": "Some studies found that vitamin E helps with fatty liver disease. Other research points to improvement in fatty liver disease when you take vitamin E with vitamin C and a cholesterol-lowering medicine. Doctors don't know which one of these is responsible, or if all three things are working together.",
        "What are symptoms of liver problems?": "General symptoms of liver problems include:",
        "What are the directions for taking acetaminophen?": "Read the medication label. Don\u2019t take more than directed, even if you\u2019re still in pain or don't feel well.",
        "Can you drink if you hepatitis C?": "Because hepatitis C is a liver disease, you want to avoid anything that puts more stress on your liver, like alcohol. Some people with the virus might be able to drink a little, but no one knows for sure if there's a safe amount for everyone with the disease. The safest bet is to cut booze out completely. Talk to your doctor if you need help to stop."
    },
    "High Blood Pressure": {
        "What is secondary hypertension?": "When a direct cause for high blood pressure can be identified, the condition is described as secondary hypertension.",
        "How is blood pressure measured?": "A doctor or nurse will measure your blood pressure with a small gauge attached to an inflatable cuff. It\u2019s simple and painless.",
        "How should you measure your blood pressure at home?": "Sit up straight in a chair and put both feet on the floor. Ask your doctor or nurse to show you the right way to position your arm so you get accurate readings.",
        "How can salt affect your blood pressure?": "It\u2019s a prime offender in raising blood pressure. The American Heart Association recommends that people with hypertension keep it under 1,500 milligrams a day. Check your food labels to see how much you\u2019re getting. If you cut back gradually, you\u2019re less likely to notice the difference.",
        "What are some side effects of beta-blockers?": "When you're taking a beta-blocker, you may:",
        "Who shouldn't take beta-blockers to help high blood pressure?": "Beta-blockers may not work as well for older people and for African-Americans.",
        "How serious is high blood pressure?": "Early on, you may not notice symptoms of high blood pressure, so you may not be too concerned. However, in the long run high blood pressure can kill you. Normally, your heart beats regularly, pumping blood through the vessels all over your body. As the blood is pushed by the heartbeat, the blood in turn pushes against the sides of your blood vessels. Blood vessels are flexible and can widen or constrict as needed to keep blood flowing well. For a variety of reasons, your blood may begin to push too hard against the blood vessels. This is high blood pressure, which can cause your arteries to become stiff over time. This is how problems begin. High blood pressure can lead to damage of your blood vessels, heart, kidneys, and other organs in your body. Heart disease and stroke, both caused by high blood pressure, are the first and fifth leading causes of death in the U.S. The scary thing about high blood pressure is that you may have it without even knowing it. That's why doctors often call high blood pressure the \"silent killer.\" Health care professionals agree: High blood pressure is a big deal.",
        "How can fish oils help prevent high blood pressure?": "A type of fat called omega-3 fatty acids is found in fatty fish like mackerel and salmon. Large amounts of fish oils may help lower high blood pressure, but it\u2019s unclear if they help prevent hypertension. Taking fish oil pills is not usually recommended because of lack of proof about their benefits. It\u2019s best to get your omega 3\u2019s as part of a heart healthy diet. Most fish, if not fried or made with added fat, is low in saturated fat and calories and can be eaten often.",
        "What is hypertensive urgency?": "Hypertensive urgency happens when blood pressure spikes -- blood pressure readings at 180/110 or higher -- but there's no damage to the body's organs. Blood pressure can be brought down safely within a few hours with blood pressure medication.",
        "When can I stop taking beta-blockers to help high blood pressure?": "Don't stop taking your beta-blocker unless your doctor says it's OK. That could raise your chance of a heart attack or other heart problems.",
        "Can high blood pressure lead to stroke?": "High blood pressure can lead to stroke, either by contributing to the process of atherosclerosis (which can lead to blockages and/or clots), or by weakening the blood vessel wall and causing it to rupture.",
        "What is systolic and diastolic blood pressure?": "The blood pressure reading is measured in millimeters of mercury (mmHg) and is written as systolic pressure, the force of the blood against the artery walls as your heart beats, over diastolic pressure, the blood pressure between heartbeats. For example, a blood pressure reading is written as 120/80 mmHg, or \"120 over 80\". The systolic pressure is 120 and the diastolic pressure is 80.",
        "How much omega-3 fish oil do you need?": "The American Heart Association recommends eating fish (particularly fatty, cold-water fish) at least twice a week. Salmon, mackerel, herring, sardines, lake trout, and tuna are especially high in omega-3 fatty acids. While foods are your best bet for getting omega-3s in your diet, supplements are available. The heart-health benefits of regular doses of non-prescription fish oil supplements are unclear, so ask your doctor.",
        "What herbs and supplements are believed to help with erectile dysfunction (ED)?": "Currently, no herb or supplements have been proven to help treat erectile dysfunction. Herbs and supplements that some believe are helpful for erection problems include:",
        "How much omega-3 fish oil is safe?": "The American Heart Association says taking up to 3 grams of fish oil daily in supplement form is considered safe. Don't take more than that unless you discuss it with your doctor first.",
        "What food, drinks, or medicines should I stay away from if I'm taking beta-blockers?": "While taking beta-blockers, avoid products with caffeine and alcohol. Don't take cold medicines, antihistamines, or antacids that have aluminum in them.",
        "Which medicines are beta blockers?": "Beta-blockers include:",
        "Should I check my blood pressure at home?": "Monitoring blood pressure at home is important for many people, especially if you have high blood pressure. This helps you and your doctor find out if your treatment is working.",
        "How does blood flow through your lungs?": "Once blood travels through the pulmonic valve, it enters your lungs. This is called the pulmonary circulation. From your pulmonic valve, blood travels to the pulmonary arteries and eventually to tiny capillary vessels in the lungs.",
        "What blood pressure readings are too high?": "People with readings of 130/80 or higher on at least two occasions are said to have high blood pressure.",
        "What is essential or primary hypertension?": "High blood pressure, also known as hypertension, is classified as \"essential'' (primary) or \"secondary.\u201d Essential hypertension does not have an apparent cause. It may be due to such things as family history or lifestyle. Most people with high blood pressure have essential hypertension."
    },
    "Infertility and Reproduction": {
        "Can taking folic acid help you conceive?": "Folic acid, which naturally occurs in leafy green vegetables and artificially in fortified flour and rice products, has been shown to lower the risk of certain birth defects. Experts recommend that in addition to a good diet, you should take a multivitamin with folic acid daily for three months before pregnancy and continue throughout your pregnancy. If you've had a previous pregnancy in which the fetus had birth defects of the brain and spinal cord, your doctor will probably recommend a higher dose of 4 mg of folic acid daily.",
        "What will your doctor prescribe if you have irregular periods and want to get pregnant?": "Once your doctor has ruled out other medical conditions, they may prescribe fertility drugs to stimulate your ovulation.",
        "How is clomiphene taken to help irregular periods?": "The typical starting dosage of clomiphene is 50 milligrams per day for five days, beginning on the third, fourth, or fifth day after your period begins. You can expect to start ovulating about seven days after you've taken the last dose of clomiphene. If you don't ovulate, the dose can be increased by 50 milligrams per day each month up to 150 mg. After you've begun to ovulate, most doctors suggest taking Clomid for 3-6 months before referring to a specialist. If you haven't gotten pregnant by then, you would try a different medication or get a referral to an infertility specialist.",
        "What is the pattern of cervical mucus changes for a woman with a 28-day cycle?": "For women with a 28-day cycle, the pattern of changes in their cervical mucus could look something like this:",
        "What causes low sperm count?": "Many things can lead to low sperm count, including previous medical problems, age, and your environment. Your lifestyle factors in, too, so if you smoke or use recreational drugs, they can affect your fertility.",
        "When should you call your doctor after an HSG?": "HSG is relatively safe, but you may have problems if you have an allergic reaction to the dye in the fluid. Pelvic infection or injury to your uterus are also possible. Call your doctor right away if you have any of the following:",
        "What should I expect before semen analysis?": "Your doctor may ask you not to have sex or masturbate for 2 to 5 days before your test so your sperm count will be as high as possible. But don\u2019t avoid ejaculation for more than 2 weeks before your test. That can result in a sample with sperm that are less active.",
        "What should I expect if I need to give a semen sample for testing?": "In order to test your semen, your doctor will ask you to provide a semen sample. Normally, you ejaculate into a collection cup in a private room at your doctor\u2019s office.",
        "How does metformin help with female infertility?": "Metformin (Glucophage) may help you ovulate normally if you have insulin resistance or PCOS (polycystic ovarian syndrome).",
        "What are the chances of pregnancy after tubal ligation reversal?": "In general, pregnancy success rates range from 40% to 85%.",
        "How long do sperm live if they are inside a woman's body?": "When sperm are inside a woman's body, they can live for up to 5 days. If you're a man and you have sex even a few days before your partner ovulates, there's chance they may get pregnant.",
        "How long do sperm live outside the body?": "The answer depends on a number of things, but the most important is where the sperm are located.",
        "What is a gestational surrogate?": "A technique called in vitro fertilization (IVF) now makes it possible to gather eggs from the mother, fertilize them with sperm from the father, and place the embryo into the uterus of a gestational surrogate. The surrogate then carries the baby until birth. They don't have any genetic ties to the child because it wasn't their egg that was used."
    },
    "Inflammatory Bowel Disease": {
        "Can I eat fats, sauces or condiments on a low-residue diet?": "You can have:",
        "What can I drink on a low-residue diet?": "You can have:"
    },
    "Irritable Bowel Syndrome": {
        "Can ginger help IBS-D symptoms?": "Ginger can ease your nausea and make your stomach feel better. It may help calm inflammation in your gut, or even make your stomach lining stronger.",
        "How effective are probiotics at treating IBS with diarrhea (IBS-D)?": "There is also some evidence that probiotics, \"healthy\" bacteria normally found in the gut, help some people with IBS. A study of one type, Bifidobacterium infantis, found that it greatly improved IBS symptoms and day-to-day life after people took it for 4 weeks. Research on another type, lactobacillus, has had more mixed reviews.",
        "What is the difference between a gastrologist and a gastroenterologist?": "Some medical words can be mistaken for another. One example is a gastroenterologist, a doctor who focuses on problems in your digestive tract. A gastrologist, on the other hand, deals with the stomach and stomach problems but is not recognized as a medical doctor in the U.S.",
        "What are the four stages of a menstrual cycle that affect irritable bowel syndrome?": "This cycle, which spans roughly 28 days, has four stages:",
        "How should you clean carefully after diarrhea?": "It\u2019s important to wipe thoroughly after you have diarrhea, but too much cleaning can backfire. Even the softest toilet paper can be rough on your skin, and crumbled bits of it can get trapped inside skin folds. In the bath or shower, even \u201cnatural\u201d or \u201cgentle\u201d soaps that don\u2019t have perfumes can strip your skin of its natural oils, which makes the problem worse.",
        "What over-the-counter medicines treat irritable bowel syndrome with diarrhea (IBS-D)?": "Your doctor may suggest trying OTC diarrhea medicines such as bismuth subsalicylate (Kaopectate, Pepto-Bismol) and loperamide (Imodium) for relief. These drugs can help slow diarrhea, but they won\ufffdt help with other IBS symptoms like belly pain or swelling.",
        "Can anti-anxiety drugs help my IBS?": "Your doctor might prescribe anti-anxiety meds if anxiety triggers your symptoms. Clonazepam (Klonopin), diazepam (Valium), and lorazepam (Ativan) can help take the edge off. Usually they\u2019re not used for a long time because of the risk of addiction.",
        "Does lactose intolerance cause nausea?": "Along with the other symptoms, lactose intolerance can cause nausea. You'll usually start to feel bad between 30 minutes and 2 hours after you eat milk or other dairy products.",
        "What is a gastroenterologist?": "Gastroenterologists are doctors who are trained to diagnose and treat problems in your gastrointestinal (GI) tract and liver. They have 5 to 6 years of specialized education after medical school. You may need to visit a gastroenterologist for health concerns with your:",
        "When should you see a gastroenterologist?": "A gastroenterologist is a doctor who specializes in problems in your digestive tract and liver. They do colonoscopies. Your regular doctor might refer you to a gastroenterologist if you have problems with:",
        "Is it normal to get irritated skin after diarrhea?": "It\u2019s a huge relief to get over a bout of diarrhea. Afterward, however, sore skin around your bottom might keep you feeling uncomfortable. People with conditions that cause regular diarrhea, such as irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) or inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), know that all that wiping can hurt the delicate skin in that area.",
        "How can I soothe skin that burns from diarrhea?": "A gentle ointment like petroleum jelly can provide a barrier that helps protect your skin. It\u2019s a better choice than medicated creams, which can cause dryness and irritation. That said, use just a little. An overload of ointment can keep skin from getting air, which will help it heal.",
        "Is weight loss related to irritable bowel syndrome (IBS)?": "If you find you\u2019re losing weight for no reason, it\u2019s time to get it checked out by a doctor.",
        "What antidepressants are used to treat IBS with diarrhea (IBS-D)?": "For people with IBS-D, doctors may recommend a low dose of a tricyclic anti-depressant such as amitriptyline, imipramine (Tofranil), or nortriptyline (Aventyl, Pamelor). Common side effects of these meds include dry mouth, blurred vision, and constipation. Your doctor may recommend another type of antidepressant called an SSRI, which includes citalopram (Celexa), fluoxetine (Prozac), and paroxetine (Paxil), if you have depression along with IBS. Side effects of these medicines sometimes include diarrhea, so be sure to let your doctor know if your symptoms of IBS-D get worse while you\u2019re taking any of these medicines.",
        "Does the menstrual cycle affect irritable bowel syndrome?": "Because these hormones rise and fall throughout the month, it makes sense that they can affect IBS symptoms.",
        "How do sex hormones affect irritable bowel syndrome?": "Estrogen and progesterone affect IBS symptoms in a few ways, from how your intestines work to how much pain you feel. Cells in your gut have things called receptors that let these hormones latch on to them. This suggests that your digestive system is designed to sense and react to them. Here are the main ways they affect IBS:",
        "What over the counter treatments are available for IBS-D?": "Anti-diarrhea medications like loperamide (Imodium) may help. Peppermint oil supplements may reduce cramping.",
        "Will I need to have a colonoscopy to figure out if I have IBS?": "Your doctor might order a colonoscopy, an exam that looks for polyps in your large intestine. Another option may be a test called a flexible sigmoidoscopy. During both procedures, your doctor puts a narrow, flexible tube with a camera into your rectum. They move it into your body to examine part or all of the large intestine.",
        "Should I have prunes and liquids to treat irritable bowel syndrome with constipation?": "Some fruity foods that are higher in the sugar sorbitol, such as prunes and prune juice, can loosen bowels. Be careful, though: Too much can cause gas, bloating, cramping, and diarrhea.",
        "What are ways to calm down my symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome (IBS)?": "There\u2019s no cure for irritable bowel syndrome with diarrhea (IBS-D), but there are ways to calm your symptoms down and get some relief.",
        "Is rectal bleeding a part of IBS?": "Rectal bleeding could just be a side effect from your irritable bowel syndrome constipation, caused by a tear in your anus. The bleeding also might be caused by a hemorrhoid. However, if you have a large amount of blood in your stool, or if the bleeding just won\u2019t go away, you should get medical attention as soon as possible.",
        "Are there medications that can help my irritable bowl syndrome (IBS) feel better?": "You and your doctor can choose the right ones based on your symptoms and how bad they make you feel."
    },
    "Kidney Stones": {
        "What are side effects of shock wave lithotripsy for kidney stones?": "Shock wave lithotripsy for kidney stones can cause side effects such as cramps or blood in your urine. More serious problems are less likely, but can include:",
        "What's the treatment for a kidney stone?": "Kidney stones are hard deposits made from minerals such as calcium or waste products such as uric acid. They start small, but they can grow bigger as more minerals stick to them.",
        "How is shock wave lithotripsy used to treat kidney stones?": "Shock wave lithotripsy (SWL) is the most common kidney stone treatment. It works best for small or medium stones. It's noninvasive, which means no cuts are made to your skin.",
        "When do I need surgery for a kidney stone?": "You might have a procedure or surgery to take out kidney stones if the stone is very large and can't pass on its own, you're in a lot of pain, the stone blocks the flow of urine out of your kidney, or you've have many UTIs (urinary tract infections) because of the stone.",
        "How does ureteroscopy work to treat kidney stones?": "Ureteroscopy treats stones in the kidneys and ureters. Your doctor uses a thin, flexible scope to find and remove them. No cuts are made in your skin and you sleep through this procedure.",
        "Is gout linked to kidney stones?": "Gout makes uric acid build up in the blood and form crystals in the joints and the kidneys. The kidney stones can become large and very painful.",
        "Which foods should you avoid to prevent kidney stones?": "If you have calcium oxalate stones, which are the most common type, your doctor may tell you to avoid foods high in oxalates:",
        "Which foods can help prevent kidney stones?": "If you have calcium oxalate stones, which are the most common type, foods low in oxalates are a good idea:",
        "Are gut problems linked to kidney stones?": "Stones are the most common kidney problem in people with inflammatory bowel disease like Crohn\u2019s disease and ulcerative colitis. Bowel problems can give you diarrhea, so you make less pee. Your body may absorb extra oxalate from the intestine, so more gets in your urine.",
        "Does the size of your kidney stone matter?": "The size of your kidney stone doesn\ufffdt affect the degree of pain. Sometimes smaller stones can hurt the worst, while big stones might just give you a dull ache.",
        "What does a kidney stone feel like?": "When you have a kidney stone, you may not have any symptoms until the stone starts to move around in your kidney or into your ureter, the tube that connects your kidney to your bladder. The most common symptom is pain. You may feel it:",
        "What are the treatments for kidney stones?": "These four treatments can be used to treat your kidney stones:",
        "When should I call my doctor about kidney stones?": "You probably want to see a doctor if you\u2019re in great pain. Other signs you should get medical care right away include:",
        "What are symptoms of a kidney stone?": "You may have one or several of these symptoms. It depends on the size and location of the kidney stone:",
        "What can you do about a kidney stone?": "If the pain isn\u2019t bad, your doctor may take a wait-and-see approach and hope you pass the stone on your own. A medication called tamsulosin (Flomax) relaxes the ureter to help you pass the stone.",
        "What tests help diagnose a kidney stone?": "There are several ways your doctor can test for kidney stones.",
        "Should I see a doctor if I think I have a kidney stone?": "The only way to know for sure if you have a kidney stone is to see a doctor. You should make an appointment if you:",
        "How are urine tests used to diagnose kidney stones?": "A urine test can show kidney stone-forming minerals in your pee. Or it can show if you don't have certain substances that help stop them from forming. You might collect a urine sample over the course of a day or 2.",
        "What should you expect when seeing a doctor about kidney stone symptoms?": "When you see your doctor about kidney stone symptoms, be ready to describe your symptoms, including when they started. You might want to write them down, along with a list of the medications and vitamins and supplements you take.",
        "How are blood tests used to diagnose kidney stones?": "Blood tests can show whether you have too much of certain substances in your blood, such as uric acid or calcium. Theae can cause kidney stones to form.",
        "How much water do you need to drink each day to prevent kidney stones?": "If you\u2019ve had kidney stones, you can get them again. Not drinking enough fluids raises your chances. Aim to drink at least 8 cups of water every day. Some of that liquid can be orange juice, lemonade, or limeade."
    },
    "Knee Pain": {
        "What is patellofemoral syndrome?": "In patellofemoral syndrome, the patella rubs against the inner or outer femur rather than tracking straight down the middle. As a result, the patellofemoral joint on either the inner or outer side may become inflamed, causing pain that is worse with activity or prolonged sitting. As the condition progresses, the cartilage on the underside of the patella softens and becomes rough. That, in turn, leads to a condition called chondromalacia patella.",
        "How long does it take to feel better after a knee ligament injury?": "It depends on how bad the injury is. Also, people heal at different rates.",
        "What does a knee ligament injury feel like?": "You may notice:",
        "What are the bursae in the knee?": "Bursae (one is a bursa) are fluid-filled sacs that help cushion the knee. The knee contains three important groups of bursae:",
        "What over-the-counter pain medicine is used for knee pain?": "Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) like aspirin, ibuprofen, and naproxen ease pain and, at higher doses, tame inflammation. Acetaminophen can also be used to control knee pain but doesn't target inflammation, unlike the NSAIDs.",
        "How are X-rays, CT scans, and other tests used to diagnose knee pain?": "Your doctor may do X-rays of your knee to look for fractures (broken bones) and dislocations of bones, as well as arthritis and abnormally large or small joint spaces. In rare cases, you may get a CT scan (a 3-dimensional X-ray) of the knee to precisely define a fracture or deformity. Both X-rays and CT scans are excellent for diagnosing fractures. But both aren't good at showing soft tissue structures of the knee, such as ligaments, tendons, and the menisci.",
        "What is the meniscus in the knee?": "You actually have more than one. These menisci (the plural form of \"meniscus\") are made of cartilage. They line the top of the tibia and lie between the tibia and the two knuckles at the bottom of the femur (called the femoral condyles). The menisci's main job is to provide cushioning for the knee joint.",
        "When should you call the doctor for knee pain?": "If your symptoms have not gone away after trying a week of PRICE (protection, rest, ice, compression, and elevation) and over-the-counter anti-inflammatory pain meds, you should set up an appointment with your doctor, physical therapist, or a sports medicine orthopaedic (bone and muscle) specialist.",
        "Will I need surgery for a knee ligament injury?": "Most lateral collateral ligament (LCL) and medial collateral ligament (MCL) tears don\u2019t need surgery. But if an anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) or posterior cruciate ligament (PCL) is completely torn or stretched beyond its limits, reconstructive knee surgery is the only option.",
        "How is a dislocated kneecap (patella) described and treated?": "A dislocated kneecap is a common injury caused by direct trauma or forceful straightening of the leg. If you have this injury, you will notice the patella being out of place and may have difficulty flexing or extending your knee. The doctor will move the patella back into place (reduce the dislocation). Even if the patella goes back into place by itself, it needs to be X-rayed for a fracture. After reducing the dislocation and ensuring the absence of a fracture, the doctors will treat these injuries by splinting the knee to allow the soft tissues around the patella to heal followed by strengthening exercises to keep the patella in line.",
        "When should you go to the hospital for knee pain?": "You should go if you have:",
        "What tendons are in the knee?": "Tendons connect muscles to bones. The two important tendons in the knee are (1) the quadriceps tendon connecting the quadriceps muscle, which lies on the front of the thigh, to the patella and (2) the patellar tendon connecting the patella to the tibia (technically, this is a ligament because it connects two bones).",
        "Do you need surgery for a meniscus tear?": "Treatment for a meniscus tear will depend on its size, what kind it is, and where it\u2019s located within the cartilage. Most likely, your doctor will tell you to rest, use pain relievers, and put ice on your knee to keep the swelling down. They may also suggest physical therapy. This will help strengthen the muscles around your knee and keep it stable.",
        "What kind of surgery will you need for a meniscus tear?": "If your doctor\u2019s exam shows your meniscus tear is mild (Grade 1 or 2), you may not need surgery. If it\u2019s Grade 3, you probably will. Your doctor might do:",
        "What happens after surgery for a meniscus tear?": "You may have to wear a brace or cast to keep your knee stable. You\u2019ll probably have to use crutches for at least a month to keep weight off your knee.",
        "What are ways to prevent a meniscus tear?": "Meniscus tears are tough to prevent since they're usually the result of an accident. But some precautions might lower the risks of a knee injury. You should:",
        "How is a meniscus tear diagnosed?": "To diagnose a meniscus tear, your doctor will give you a thorough exam. They will want to hear details about how you got your injury. X-rays may be necessary, to rule out broken bones and other problems. You may also need an MRI (magnetic resonance imaging) scan, which allows a more detailed evaluation of knee cartilage.",
        "What are the knee's bones?": "The knee joint involves four bones. The femur, or thighbone, makes up the top portion of the joint. One of the bones in the lower leg (or calf area), the tibia, provides the bottom weight-bearing portion of the joint. The kneecap or patella rides along the front of the femur. The remaining bone in the calf, the fibula, is not involved in the weight-bearing portion of the knee joint but provides ligament attachments for stability.",
        "How long will my knee pain last?": "It depends. Knee pain most often happens because of arthritis or some type of injury. Arthritis pain tends be dull and aching and get worse over time. It may not completely go away, but sometimes it feels much better. Pain from an injury improves at first, but if you're left with a sore joint, you may not be able to do certain activities.",
        "What are the symptoms of a broken kneecap?": "If you break your kneecap, your symptoms might include:",
        "What other signs and symptoms of knee pain demand emergency evaluation?": "Other signs and symptoms that demand emergency evaluation:",
        "When might surgery be needed for a meniscus tear?": "If a tear is large, unstable, or causing locking symptoms, surgery may be needed to either repair or remove unstable edges. The procedure is usually pretty simple, and you can often go home the same day. You may need a brace afterward for protection if a repair is performed."
    },
    "Leukemia & Lymphoma": {
        "If polycythemia vera makes you itchy, what medications might your doctor recommend to stop the itchiness?": "To help control your itching with polycythemia vera, your doctor might recommend:",
        "Is radiation therapy used to treat polycythemia vera (PV)?": "Radiation therapy slows red blood cell production in bone marrow, which thins your blood and helps it flow more easily. Yet doctors don't use radiation therapy very often for PV because it also can make blood cancer (leukemia) more likely.",
        "How can gene tests help in the diagnosis of myelofibrosis?": "Doctors in a lab will check samples of your blood or bone marrow to see if they can spot changes in the genes. They may call them mutations. They\u2019re often seen with myelofibrosis.",
        "What are the risks of daily aspirin use for polycythemia vera (PV)?": "Daily aspirin use has some risks. It can make bleeding more likely, especially in the stomach and other parts of your digestive system. Talk to your doctor about these and other risks before you start to take aspirin regularly.",
        "What are possible side effects of interferon-alfa when used as a treatment for polycythemia vera (PV)?": "Some possible side effects from interferon-alfa are:",
        "Can low-dose aspirin help treat polycythemia vera (PV)?": "Aspirin thins your blood and prevents clots. It also eases symptoms such as burning in your hands and feet, itching, and bone pain. Your doctor might recommend that you take a low dose of aspirin every day.",
        "What imaging tests are used in the diagnosis of myelofibrosis?": "Your doctor may suggest an ultrasound test, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), or X-rays. An ultrasound can see if your spleen is enlarged. An MRI can look for changes in bone marrow that can be signs of myelofibrosis. X-rays can show changes in bone density that may be a sign of the disease.",
        "Can hydroxyurea help treat polycythemia vera (PV)?": "Hydroxyurea is a cancer drug that slows down the growth of new cells in your body. In PV, it lowers the number of red blood cells and platelets, which are cells that help blood clot. If you take this drug, you may not need a treatment called phlebotomy. Hydroxyurea can also prevent or treat an enlarged spleen -- a complication of PV.",
        "Are blood clots a risk if you have polycythemia vera?": "Blood clots (thrombosis) is are one of the most dangerous complications of PV. You might get a clot in your brain, your eyes, or your heart. Clots also can block blood flow in your lungs (pulmonary embolism) and form in the large veins in your muscles (deep vein thrombosis, or DVT).",
        "Why is it important to stay hydrated if you have polycythemia vera?": "Staying hydrated is important for everyone \u2013 -- and it's especially key if you have polycythemia vera. When you drink enough fluids, it helps to keep your blood from becoming too thick.",
        "How is mantle cell lymphoma diagnosed?": "Your doctor will do a physical exam and may ask you questions such as:",
        "What self-care things can I do to stop the itching from polycythemia vera?": "Things you can do at home to ease the itching that polycythemia vera can cause include:",
        "What medications can help protect against blood clots if you have polycythemia vera?": "A low dose of aspirin can protect you against from clots. Your doctor will decide ontell you whether that's a good options and the right amount you need. Special exercises for your legs and ankles can help prevent deep vein thrombosis. Your doctor may also prescribe a drug called anagrelide (Agrylin) to help prevent clots.",
        "Should you get treated for chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL)?": "If you have early stage CLL, you probably don't need treatment. Studies show that it doesn't help, as with some other cancers.",
        "What is the treatment for mantle cell lymphoma?": "Your treatment may include:",
        "What is chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL)?": "Chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) is a cancer that affects a type of white blood cell called a lymphocyte.",
        "How do doctors diagnose chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL)?": "If you have one or more swollen lymph nodes, your doctor may ask:",
        "How should you take care of yourself if you have chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL)?": "Chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) treatment can cause side effects such as nausea and fatigue in some people. Let your doctor know if it happens to you.",
        "What are some questions for your doctor about chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL)?": "Questions for your doctor about chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) include:",
        "What causes chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL)?": "In most cases, doctors don't know what causes CLL. You're more likely to get it if:",
        "What bone marrow tests might you get to help diagnose myelofibrosis?": "You'll likely get two bone marrow tests at the same time, in your doctor's office or in the hospital:"
    },
    "Lung": {
        "How is fluid removed in those with pleurisy?": "Some people with pleurisy have too much fluid built up between their two layers of pleura. Your doctor may need to remove some of the fluid. They may insert a thin needle into the space between your pleura to do this.",
        "Is walking pneumonia contagious?": "Yes. It spreads through sneezes or coughs, but it spreads slowly. If you get it, you could be contagious (which means you could spread it to other people) for up to 10 days.",
        "What are the symptoms of walking pneumonia?": "You might have:",
        "Can I get walking pneumonia more than once?": "It\u2019s possible. You might have some immunity for a while, but it's unclear how long it lasts. If you do get it again, it may be milder than the first time.",
        "How is walking pneumonia diagnosed?": "You doctor will listen to your chest with a stethoscope. They may also ask you to get a chest X-ray and a blood test. There is a blood test that can identify a mycoplasma infection. You probably won\u2019t get that test though, unless there is a widespread outbreak in your area.",
        "What are the symptoms of tuberculosis (TB)?": "There aren\u2019t any for latent tuberculosis (TB). You\u2019ll need to get a skin or blood test to find out if you\u2019re infected, but there are usually signs if you have active TB disease. They include:",
        "How will your doctor diagnose acute bronchitis?": "In some cases, your doctor may:",
        "How can I prevent walking pneumonia?": "There's no vaccine for it, so you can\u2019t completely prevent it. There are things you can do, though, to lower your chances of getting it:",
        "What does recovery from a lung injury look like?": "Younger patients and those whose injuries were caused by trauma or blood infusions often have a better chance at recovery. Follow these tips to keep your lungs as healthy and strong as possible:",
        "How is shortness of breath (dyspnea) diagnosed?": "Your doctor will look at you and listen carefully to your lungs to diagnose shortness of breath. You might have a lung function test, called spirometry, to measure how much air you can blow in and out of your lungs and how fast you do it. This can help diagnose asthma and COPD.",
        "What are symptoms of shortness of breath (dyspnea)?": "Dyspnea is the feeling that you can't catch your breath or get enough air in your lungs. You might feel:",
        "What does it mean if you cough up blood?": "Coughing up blood (hemoptysis) can be a sign of a serious medical condition. Infections, cancer, and problems in blood vessels or in the lungs themselves can be responsible. Coughing up blood generally requires medical evaluation unless the hemoptysis is due to bronchitis.",
        "What is a lung injury?": "Your ribs provide some protection to your lungs, but injuries can still happen. Trauma can cause fluid (and often air) to leak into the lungs. When this happens, your lungs can't give your body the oxygen it needs to survive.",
        "What are causes of shortness of breath (dyspnea)?": "Many health conditions can cause shortness of breath. The most common causes of acute dyspnea are:",
        "What are the symptoms of a lung injury?": "Depending on the cause of the lung injury, symptoms can be mild or intense. Look for these warning signs:",
        "What is pneumonia?": "Pneumonia is a lung infection that occurs in tiny air sacs in your lungs called alveoli. It can be mild, but sometimes serious, especially for the very young, adults 65 or older, and people with weaker immune systems.",
        "How is tuberculosis (TB) spread?": "Tuberculosis (TB) is spread through the air, just like a cold or the flu. When someone who\ufffds sick coughs, sneezes, talks, laughs, or sings, tiny droplets that contain the germs are released. If you breathe in these nasty germs, you get infected.",
        "What is shortness of breath (dyspnea)?": "Shortness of breath, or dyspnea, can be a warning sign of a health problem that needs treatment right away. If you have sudden, severe trouble catching your breath, call 911. This is especially true if you also have nausea or chest pain."
    },
    "Lung Cancer": {
        "Do asbestos fibers cause lung cancer?": "Asbestos fibers are silicate fibers that can persist for a lifetime in lung tissue following exposure to asbestos. The workplace is a common source of exposure to asbestos fibers, as asbestos was widely used in the past for both thermal and acoustic insulation materials. Today, asbestos use is limited or banned in many countries, including the Unites States. Both lung cancer and mesothelioma (a type of cancer of the pleura or of the lining of the abdominal cavity called the peritoneum) are associated with exposure to asbestos. Cigarette smoking drastically increases the chance of developing an asbestos-related lung cancer in exposed workers. Asbestos workers who do not smoke have a fivefold greater risk of developing lung cancer than non-smokers, and those asbestos workers who smoke have a risk that is 50 to 90 times greater than non-smokers.",
        "How do vapes work?": "E-cigarettes, sometimes called vapes, run on batteries and heat up nicotine, flavorings, and other chemicals. They turn them into a vapor you can breathe in. Many chemicals that cause cancer are in this vapor. That includes formaldehyde, heavy metals, and particles that can get stuck in the deepest parts of your lungs.",
        "Can smoking marijuana prevent cancer?": "Animal research suggests that some chemicals in marijuana work against tumor growth, which could explain why lung cancer isn\u2019t showing up as often as scientists might expect in people who smoke it. The studies on this are in their early days, and researchers need to take a deeper look into this theory.",
        "Can asbestos cause lung cancer?": "When you breathe it in, the fibers get stuck deep in your lungs and over time may lead to lung cancer. The more you're in contact with asbestos, the higher your risk.",
        "What are the early symptoms of lung cancer?": "Lung cancer usually has no symptoms in its early stages. When they start, symptoms can include:",
        "How do asbestos cause lung cancer?": "Asbestos is a lung cancer risk to those who work with it.",
        "How can someone get lung cancer with asbestos?": "When you breathe it in, asbestos fibers get stuck deep in your lungs and over time may lead to lung cancer. The more you're in contact with asbestos, the higher your risk.",
        "What should you expect with advanced lung cancer?": "Lung cancer becomes advanced when it grows into other parts of your lung or spreads to other parts of your body. Sometimes it\u2019s called metastatic or stage IV disease.",
        "What causes popcorn lung?": "Many chemicals can cause popcorn lung, especially diacetyl, found in microwave popcorn and electronic cigarettes, and acetaldehyde, found in the smoke from marijuana and some electronic cigarettes",
        "What is the treatment for popcorn lung?": "Popcorn lung causes lasting damage, so it's important to catch it early. If you do, you might be able to slow it down or keep it from getting worse:",
        "What are the main symptoms of popcorn lung?": "The main symptoms of popcorn lung are a dry cough and shortness of breath. These show up between two weeks and two months after you've been around a toxic gas or had an illness. You're especially likely to have them when you're exercising or doing heavy labor. If you've had a lung transplant, it might take several years for symptoms to show up. If you feel tired without an obvious reason or wheeze when you don't have asthma or a cold, that also could be a symptom of bronchiolitis obliterans.",
        "How do doctors diagnose bronchiolitis obliterans?": "If you have some of the symptoms of bronchiolitis obliterans, your doctor might recommend a computerized tomography scan of your chest. Several X-rays are taken from different angles and are put together to make a more complete picture. Your doctor also will probably want to test how well your lungs are working.",
        "How can asbestos fibers affect your risk for lung cancer?": "Asbestos fibers are silicate fibers that can persist for a lifetime in lung tissue following exposure to asbestos. The workplace is a common source of exposure to asbestos fibers, as asbestos was widely used in the past for both thermal and acoustic insulation materials. Today, asbestos use is limited or banned in many countries including the Unites States. Both lung cancer and mesothelioma (a type of cancer of the pleura or of the lining of the abdominal cavity called the peritoneum) are associated with exposure to asbestos. Cigarette smoking drastically increases the chance of developing an asbestos-related lung cancer in exposed workers. Asbestos workers who do not smoke have a fivefold greater risk of developing lung cancer than non-smokers, and those asbestos workers who smoke have a risk that is 50 to 90 times greater than non-smokers.",
        "What is another common cause of popcorn lung?": "Another common cause is acetaldehyde, a chemical found in the smoke from marijuana and some electronic cigarettes. Acetaldehyde also can damage the lining of your mouth, throat, and stomach.",
        "What happens when someone has popcorn lung?": "When you have \"popcorn lung,\" tiny air passages get irritated and inflamed. That leads to scarring that makes them narrower. That makes it harder for you to get enough air.",
        "What is another case in which someone could have popcorn lung?": "If you've had a lung transplant or a stem cell transplant, you may get this condition if your body tries to reject the new organ. It's the primary cause of death in people who get lung transplants."
    },
    "Lupus": {
        "How can lupus lead to blood clots?": "Blood clots are more common in people with lupus. Clots often occur in the legs (called deep venous thrombosis or DVT) and lungs (called pulmonary embolus or PE) and occasionally in the brain (stroke). Blood clots that develop in lupus patients may be associated with the production of antiphospholipid (APL) antibodies. These antibodies are abnormal proteins that may increase the tendency of the blood to clot. Blood can be tested for these antibodies.",
        "How is plaquenil (hydroxychloroquine) used to treat lupus?": "Plaquenil (hydroxychloroquine) is commonly used to help keep mild lupus-related problems, such as skin and joint disease, under control. This drug is also effective at preventing lupus flares.",
        "How is cytoxan (cyclophosphamide) used to treat lupus?": "Cytoxan (cyclophosphamide) is a chemotherapy drug that has very powerful effects on reducing the activity of the immune system. It is used to treat severe forms of lupus, such as those affecting the kidneys or brain.",
        "Does a positive antinuclear antibody test mean that I have lupus?": "Not necessarily. The antinuclear antibody (ANA) test is positive in most people who have lupus, but it also may be positive in many people who are healthy or have another autoimmune disease. Therefore, a positive ANA test alone is not adequate for the diagnosis of lupus.",
        "How is CellCept (mycophenolate mofetil) used to treat lupus?": "CellCept (mycophenolate mofetil) is a drug that suppresses the immune system and is also used to prevent rejection of transplanted organs. It is being used increasingly to treat serious features of lupus, especially those previously treated by Cytoxan.",
        "How can alcohol affect lupus?": "Alcohol can interact with your medications to cause significant stomach or intestinal problems, including ulcers.",
        "What are the different kinds of lupus?": "There are two kinds of lupus:",
        "How is rituxan (rituximab) used to treat lupus?": "Rituxan (rituximab) is a biologic agent used to treat lymphoma and rheumatoid arthritis. It is used to treat the most serious features of lupus when other therapies are not effective.",
        "How is imuran (azathioprine) used to treat lupus?": "Imuran (azathioprine) is a medication originally used to prevent rejection of transplanted organs. It is commonly used to treat the more serious features of lupus by suppressing the immune system.",
        "How is rheumatrex (methotrexate) used to treat lupus?": "Rheumatrex (methotrexate) is a chemotherapy drug used to suppress the immune system. Its use is becoming increasingly popular for skin disease, arthritis, and other non-life-threatening forms of disease that have not responded to medications such as hydroxychloroquine or low doses of prednisone.",
        "What is a C-reactive protein test for lupus?": "A C-reactive protein test looks for inflammation, which can be a sign of active lupus. The test also can help your doctor know how the disease is affecting you and how well your treatment is working.",
        "What is discoid lupus erythematosus?": "Discoid lupus erythematosus mainly affects skin that is exposed to sunlight and doesn\u2019t typically affect vital internal organs. Discoid (circular) skin lesions often leave scars after healing of the lesions."
    },
    "Macular Degeneration": {
        "What tests diagnose age-related macular degeneration?": "If your doctor thinks you have age-related macular degeneration, you may have more tests.",
        "How is photodynamic therapy used to treat wet macular degeneration?": "Photodynamic therapy uses a different, non-heat-generating laser to treat abnormal blood vessels. Visudyne is injected into the patient's arm and flows through the vessels in the eye. Upon exposure to the laser, a chemical reaction occurs that seals off the leaky vessels. Since the dye is light sensitive, you must stay out of the sun or bright light for several days until the dye has passed from your system. Laser photocoagulation must be done before the abnormal blood vessels cause irreversible damage to the retina. More blood vessels could grow later on, so people who undergo this treatment also need to continue with regular follow-up appointments.",
        "What is the outlook for people with age-related macular degeneration?": "People rarely lose all of their vision from age-related macular degeneration. They may have poor central vision, but they are still able to perform many normal daily activities.",
        "How can laser therapy treat age-related macular degeneration?": "High-energy laser light can sometimes be used to destroy actively growing abnormal blood vessels that occur in macular degeneration.",
        "How do anti-angiogenic drugs treat age-related macular degeneration?": "Your doctor injects these medications into your eye. They stop new blood vessels from forming and block the leaking from the abnormal vessels that cause wet macular degeneration.",
        "What tests can determine if I have age-related macular degeneration?": "If your doctor thinks you have age-related macular degeneration, they may want you to have one or both of these exams:",
        "Are there new treatments for age-related macular degeneration?": "Researchers are studying new treatments for macular degeneration. The following treatments are considered experimental and have been used less often since the development of anti-angiogenic medications have developed:",
        "What is age-related macular degeneration?": "Macular degeneration is the leading cause of severe, irreversible vision loss in people over age 60. It's when the small central portion of the retina, known as the macula, breaks down. The retina is the light-sensing nerve tissue at the back of the eye. Although macular degeneration is almost never a totally blinding condition, it can lead to a permanent loss of your central vision.",
        "What are the risk factors for age-related macular degeneration?": "As the name suggests, age-related macular degeneration is more common in older adults. In fact, it is the leading cause of severe vision loss in adults over age 60.",
        "What is photodynamic laser therapy for AMD?": "Photodynamic laser therapy is a two-step treatment for the wet form of AMD. Your doctor injects a light-sensitive drug (Visudyne) into your bloodstream, and the abnormal blood vessels in your eye absorb it. Then the doctor shines a cold laser into your eye, which activates the drug and damages the abnormal blood vessels.",
        "How do I know if I have age-related macular degeneration?": "Your doctor can check you for age-related macular degeneration when you see them for a routine eye exam. An early diagnosis will let you start treatment that may delay some symptoms or make them less severe. Your doctor will test your vision and also examine your retina -- a layer of tissue at the back of your eye that processes light. Your doctor will look for tiny yellow deposits called drusen under the retina. It's a common early sign of the disease.",
        "How are low vision aids used to treat age-related macular degeneration?": "Low vision aids are devices that have special lenses or electronic systems that enlarge images of nearby objects.",
        "Are the dry and wet forms of age-related macular degeneration related?": "In the dry form of age-related macular degeneration -- the most common form -- tiny yellow deposits, called drusen, develop beneath the macula, signaling a degeneration and thinning of nerve tissue.",
        "How can I prevent age-related macular degeneration?": "Stop smoking, eat a balanced diet that includes leafy green vegetables, and protect your eyes with sunglasses that block harmful ultraviolet (UV) rays. Supplements with antioxidants plus zinc may lower your odds of getting age-related macular degeneration, according to the Age-Related Eye Disease Study.",
        "Does treating wet AMD cure it?": "Sometimes, even after you get treatment for wet age-related macular degeneration, the condition can come back. Test your vision regularly and follow the recommendations of your doctor. The right treatment not only slows your vision loss, but it can improve your vision.",
        "What is the treatment for dry macular degeneration?": "Dry macular degeneration, the most common form, cannot be cured at this time, but patients with the condition should continue to remain under an ophthalmologist's care to monitor both eyes. If the one eye is healthy, screening should still continue.",
        "How do I know if I have macular degeneration?": "Your ophthalmologist or optometrist will inspect the macula, the portion of the retina that is responsible for your central vision, as part of a comprehensive eye exam. If macular degeneration is suspected, a special photographic procedure using dye, called fluorescein angiography, or another test called OCT imaging may be performed. The tests detail the pattern of your eye's blood vessels and retinal anatomy and can detect a variety of abnormalities.",
        "How can people with age-related macular degeneration see better?": "Low vision aids are devices that have special lenses or electronic systems that produce enlarged images of nearby objects. They help people who have vision loss from macular degeneration make the most of their remaining vision.",
        "What medications treat age-related macular degeneration?": "Anti-angiogenesis drugs (Avastin, Eyelea, Lucentis, Macugen) block the development of new blood vessels and leakage from the abnormal vessels within the eye that cause wet macular degeneration. This treatment has helped many patients regain lost vision. The treatment may need to be repeated during follow-up visits.",
        "Does wet macular degeneration ever go away?": "Unfortunately, even after treatment, wet macular degeneration can recur, and you may need more treatments. Because of this, people with the condition must test their own vision regularly and follow the recommendations of their eye doctor. Successful and timely treatment can slow the rate of vision loss and often improve vision.",
        "Is there a cure for age-related macular degeneration?": "There's no cure for age-related macular degeneration, but treatment may slow the disease and keep you from having a severe loss of vision. Talk to your doctor about the best way to manage your condition, which could include taking vitamins, injections of medication, or laser therapy.",
        "When should I see a doctor about age-related macular degeneration?": "Generally speaking, if you're older than 45 you should get a complete eye exam and then follow-up exams every 2 to 4 years.",
        "What are the treatments for wet macular degeneration?": "A variety of treatments are available for wet age-related macular degeneration. Successful treatment may not restore normal vision, but it will improve sight and prevent central vision loss from worsening. While laser procedures can destroy the abnormal blood vessels, they also damage neighboring retinal tissue.",
        "How does age-related macular degeneration affect vision?": "Age-related macular degeneration never causes \u201clights out\u201d total blindness. Since the disease affects only central vision, people with age-related macular degeneration can usually still see with the remaining peripheral vision well enough to ''get around.'' It is their central vision that's used for reading and detailed vision that is lost."
    },
    "Melanoma / Skin Cancer": {
        "How is squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) diagnosed?": "Your doctor may refer you to a dermatologist who specializes in skin conditions. This specialist will ask about your medical history, your history of severe sunburns or indoor tanning, any pain or symptoms you're having, and when the spot first appeared. You'll have a physical exam to check the size, shape, color, and texture of the spot. The dermatologist will also look for other spots on your body and feel your lymph nodes to make sure they aren\u2019t bigger or harder than normal. If your doctor thinks a bump looks questionable, they'll remove a sample of the spot to send to a lab for testing.",
        "How will I feel if melanoma is spreading?": "It depends on where in your body the cancer has spread. For example, if it spreads to lymph nodes, they can get swollen and painful. If the melanoma goes to your lungs, you may have trouble breathing or a cough that won\u2019t go away. If it shows up in your liver, you may have indigestion, a swollen belly, or yellow skin and eyes, a condition called jaundice. In general, though, it\u2019s common for people with advanced melanoma to feel very tired, not feel hungry, and lose weight without trying.",
        "What are the three main types of skin cancer?": "There are three main types of skin cancer: basal cell carcinoma, squamous cell carcinoma, and melanoma. Ultraviolet (UV) radiation from the sun (all year long, and in any weather) or tanning beds is linked to all of them.",
        "What are chemotherapy skin creams?": "Your doctor will prescribe a cream or gel for you to use at home on an area of your skin where you have precancerous growths or directly on a skin cancer. You'll use it nightly, twice daily, or three times a week for as long as 3 months. These treatments destroy the cancer cells.",
        "How can a doctor tell if a mole is cancerous?": "A visual check of your skin only finds moles that may be cancer. It can\u2019t tell you for sure that you have it. The only way to diagnose the condition is with a test called a biopsy. If your doctor thinks a mole is a problem, they will give you a shot of numbing medicine, then scrape off as much of the mole as possible. You shouldn\u2019t feel pain, only tugging or pressure. They\u2019ll send the sample of your mole to a lab, where a pathologist will check it under a microscope for cancer cells.",
        "How is squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) treated?": "Usually, minor surgery that can be done in a doctor\u2019s office or hospital clinic can do the trick. Depending on the size and location of your SCC, your doctor may choose to use any of the following techniques to remove it:",
        "How does melanoma spread?": "Melanoma spreads when the tumor's cells travel through your body's tissues, blood, or lymph nodes. They can settle in your organs and keep growing there. They can do this because they're sneaky. Every day, your body makes cancerous cells. Normally they don't make it past certain \"checkpoints\" in your immune system, which destroys them. But melanoma cells can use these checkpoints to avoid attack.",
        "How does cutting out the tumor treat basal cell carcinoma?": "Your doctor may call cutting out the tumor an \"excision.\" First, they will numb the tumor and the skin around it. Then your doctor will scrape the tumor with a spoon-shaped device. Next, they will cut out the tumor and a small surrounding area of normal-appearing skin and send it to a lab.",
        "What does a cancerous melanoma look like?": "The majority of malignant or cancerous melanomas are brown-to-black pigmented lesions. Other signs of a cancerous melanoma include:",
        "Who gets squamous cell carcinoma?": "Certain things make you more likely to develop squamous cell carcinoma:",
        "How do you diagnose squamous cell carcinoma?": "You'll probably need to see a dermatologist, a doctor who specializes in skin conditions. They'll ask about your past and current health problems, your history of severe sunburns or indoor tanning, any pain or symptoms you're having, and when the spot first appeared.",
        "What is squamous cell carcinoma?": "Squamous cell carcinoma is the second most common form of skin cancer. It\u2019s a fairly slow-growing skin cancer usually found on areas of the body damaged by UV rays from the sun or tanning beds -- the head, neck, ears, lips, arms, legs, and hands.",
        "Does squamous cell carcinoma spread?": "Squamous cell carcinoma is a fairly slow-growing skin cancer. Unlike other types of skin cancer, it can spread to the tissues, bones, and nearby lymph nodes, where it may become hard to treat. When caught early, it\u2019s easy to treat.",
        "How is squamous cell carcinoma treated?": "Squamous cell carcinoma can usually be treated with minor surgery done in a doctor\u2019s office or hospital clinic. Depending on its size and location, your doctor may choose to remove it by:",
        "What are the symptoms of squamous cell carcinoma?": "Squamous cell carcinoma usually begins as a dome-shaped bump or a red, scaly patch of skin. It\u2019s usually rough and crusty, and can bleed easily when scraped. Large growths may itch or hurt. It may also pop through scars or chronic skin sores, so check for any changes and report them to your doctor.",
        "Can you prevent squamous cell carcinoma?": "To protect yourself, avoid the sun during peak hours, use sunscreen daily, wear clothing to cover exposed areas, and avoid tanning beds.",
        "How does basal cell carcinoma spread?": "This cancer is unlikely to spread from your skin to other parts of your body, but it can move nearby into bone or other tissue under your skin. Several treatments can keep that from happening and get rid of the cancer.",
        "How are creams used to treat basal cell carcinoma?": "Your doctor may suggest some medicine that can treat your basal cell carcinoma. Two creams that you put on your skin are fluorouracil and imiquimod.",
        "How may freezing your cancer cells treat basal cell carcinoma?": "Freezing your cancer cells is known as \"cryosurgery.\" Your doctor kills your cancer cells by freezing them with liquid nitrogen.",
        "How does scraping the tumor treat basal cell carcinoma?": "Scraping the tumor away and using electricity to kill cancer cells is often called \"curettage and desiccation.\" First, your doctor will numb your skin. Then they will use a curette, a tool that has spoon-like shape, to scrape off the tumor. Your doctor will control your bleeding and kill any other cancer cells with an electric needle.",
        "Can cancer come back after Mohs surgery?": "Mohs surgery is used to treat skin cancers. It has the highest cure rate of all treatments for basal cell and squamous cell carcinomas, the two most common skin cancers. Mohs works more than 99 percent of time for new skin cancers and 95 percent of time if the cancer is a returning one.",
        "How fast does squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) grow?": "SCC is a fairly slow-growing skin cancer. Unlike other types of skin cancer, it can spread to the tissues, bones, and nearby lymph nodes, where it may become hard to treat. When caught early, it\u2019s easy to treat.",
        "What are the symptoms of squamous cell carcinoma (SCC)?": "SCC usually begins as a dome-shaped bump or a red, scaly patch of skin. It\u2019s usually rough and crusty, and can bleed easily when scraped. Large growths may itch or hurt. It may also pop through scars or chronic skin sores, so check for any changes and report them to your doctor.",
        "How can I prevent squamous cell carcinoma?": "Here are some tips:"
    },
    "Men's Health": {
        "What are symptoms of yeast infections in men?": "You may have:",
        "What causes yeast infections in men?": "Candida albicans is a common fungus. You\u2019ve probably got a small amount living in your mouth, digestive tract, or on moist parts of your skin. Most of the time, it doesn\u2019t cause any problems. But if too much of it grows in one place, you get a yeast infection.",
        "What is epididymitis?": "Epididymitis is swelling in the tube where sperm is stored -- the epididymis. Most often, an infection causes the problem. Signs and symptoms include:",
        "When should you call a doctor about a penis disorder?": "Check with your doctor if you have:",
        "When should men get implants for Peyronie's disease?": "In some cases, it may be an option to get a penile prosthesis implanted. This treatment is only for men who have both Peyronie's disease and erectile dysfunction.",
        "What are common operations that treat Peyronie's disease?": "The two most common operations are:",
        "What are less common ways to treat Peyronie's disease?": "Other unproven ways to treat Peyronie's disease include injecting chemicals directly into the plaque and radiation therapy, but because radiation therapy can only relieve pain associated with Peyronie's disease and pain often stops without treatment, it's rarely done.",
        "How do you treat a man's yeast infection?": "An over-the-counter or prescription antifungal cream can help get rid of the infection. You\u2019ll apply it to the head of your penis and under your foreskin until your symptoms go away, which could take 7 to 10 days. You\u2019ll also need to avoid sex until you\u2019re better.",
        "What men are at risk for a yeast infection?": "It\u2019s more common in men who aren\u2019t circumcised and have a foreskin that\u2019s still intact.",
        "How can men prevent yeast infections?": "The best way to stop a yeast infection from happening (or coming back) is to practice good hygiene.",
        "What is the treatment for blood in semen (hematospermia)?": "Treatments target the known cause of the condition. For example:",
        "How effective is surgery for Peyronie's disease?": "Most types of surgery help, but because of the possibility of complications that can\u2019t be corrected, most doctors prefer to operate only on the small number of men with curvature so severe that it prevents sex.",
        "How much horny goat weed (epimedium) should I take?": "Horny goat weed is an unproven treatment. There is no established dose. Some studies have examined the use of between 6 grams and 15 grams a day.",
        "How can your doctor help to treat blood in semen (hematospermia)?": "If you have repeated episodes of blood in the semen along with painful urinary or ejaculatory symptoms, the doctor may refer you to a urologist.",
        "How are penis disorders diagnosed?": "Your doctor can usually figure out if you have a penis disorder by listening to you describe your symptoms and with an exam.",
        "How does testosterone affect sex drive?": "Testosterone isn't the only fuel for a man's sex drive and performance. But low testosterone can lower your ability to have satisfying sex. Lack of sex drive and erectile dysfunction are sexual problems that can result from low testosterone. If low testosterone is the cause, treating it can help.",
        "Can blood in semen (hematospermia) come from a sexually transmitted infection (STI)?": "Hematospermia can come from an STI such as gonorrhea or chlamydia, or from another viral or bacterial infection. Infection and inflammation are the culprits behind nearly four out of every 10 cases of hematospermia.",
        "What is blood in semen (hematospermia)?": "Blood in the semen is called hematospermia or hemospermia. When men ejaculate, they typically don't examine their semen looking for blood. Therefore, it\u2019s not known how common the condition is.",
        "What can happen if I don't treat balanitis?": "It you don't get it treated, you might have complications such as:"
    },
    "Menopause": {
        "What are estrogen replacement therapy vaginal suppositories, rings, and creams?": "These are types of estrogen treatments that go directly to the vaginal area. In general, these treatments for menopause-related vaginal dryness, itchiness, and burning or pain during sex. Examples are vaginal tablets, creams, and insertable rings. The exact dosing schedule varies, depending on the product. But, in general, you need to replace vaginal rings every 3 months. Vaginal tablets are often used daily for a couple of weeks. After that, you only need to use them twice a week. You might use creams daily, several times a week, or on a different schedule.",
        "What are the side effects of hormone replacement therapy?": "HRT can cause some side effects. Call your doctor if you have any of these:",
        "What are estrogen pills?": "Estrogen pills put the hormone estrogen into your system. They're the most common treatment for menopausal symptoms. There are also combination pills that include both estrogen and progestin.",
        "What is topical estrogen?": "Creams, gels and sprays are ways to get the hormone estrogen into your system. This type of estrogen treatment is absorbed through your skin directly into your bloodstream.",
        "How is perimenopause diagnosed?": "Often your doctor can make the diagnosis of perimenopause based on your symptoms. A blood test to check hormone levels may also help, but your hormone levels are changing during perimenopause. It may be more helpful to have several blood tests done at different times for comparison.",
        "Are there treatments that can ease the symptoms of perimenopause?": "Many women get relief from hot flashes after taking low-dose birth control pills for a short time. Other options that may control hot flashes include the birth control skin patch, vaginal ring, and progesterone injections. Certain women should not use birth control hormones, so talk to your doctor to see if they are right for you.",
        "When should you talk to your doctor about perimenopause?": "Talk to your doctor if you are having problems with your sex drive. They may be able to recommend a counselor or therapist to help you and your partner work through this problem. Vaginal lubricants may also be recommended, if vaginal dryness is a problem.",
        "Can I get pregnant if I am perimenopausal?": "Yes. Despite a decline in fertility during the perimenopause stage, you can still become pregnant. If you do not want to become pregnant, you should use some form of birth control until you reach menopause. This means you have gone 12 months without having your period.",
        "What can you do to help with perimenopause?": "Things that enhance your general well-being, such as:",
        "Are there any reasons for painful sex that aren\u2019t related to menopause?": "Non-menopausal reasons for painful sex can include:",
        "What medications can help treat painful sex after menopause?": "Prescription medications that may help include:",
        "What should I expect from a doctor visit to discuss painful sex after menopause?": "Before your visit, it\u2019s a good idea to jot down all of your symptoms and questions so you remember them all.",
        "Will I need to visit a specialist to treat my painful sex after menopause?": "An internal medicine or family practice physician should be able to help your symptoms. But you may want to see an expert in menopause or sexual wellness.",
        "What treatment options are available for painful sex after menopause?": "Your treatment may include:",
        "What does your doctor need to know to treat painful sex after menopause?": "You should tell your doctor how long you\u2019ve had pain and dryness. The length and type of symptoms you have will steer your doctor toward the best treatment. It can be helpful for you to describe how it hurts. Is there pain at the opening of your vagina? Or is it deeper inside? Do you have aches that linger after sex is over?",
        "Is it OK to have sex while I\u2019m having treatment for painful sex after menopause?": "One of the best ways to keep pain with sex from happening is to have more sex. Regular sexual activity can bump up blood flow and moisture to your vagina. To help make intimacy more comfortable, your doctor will likely start with the easiest option and go from there.",
        "What prescription treatments are available for hot flashes?": "Prescription treatments include:",
        "What does it mean when you feel hot?": "There\u2019s a reason why menopause comes to mind when you hear the words \"hot flash.\" Over 75% of menopausal women do feel the heat. But that\u2019s not the only reason you could lose your cool. It could be a reaction to spicy food or signs of an illness. And you don\u2019t have to be female to have one. Men get them, too.",
        "How long will you have hot flashes?": "There\u2019s no rule for how long you\u2019ll have them, either. For years, the answer was six months to two years. But a new study of women nationwide says it may be more like seven to 11 years. Plus, the earlier into menopause you start to have them, the longer they\u2019re likely to continue.",
        "What do you feel when you get a hot flash?": "For most people, a hot flash isn\u2019t just a rise in body temperature, it\u2019s a mix of things:",
        "What foods have high amounts of isoflavones?": "Isoflavone Amount (Mg) In Food (100g)",
        "What can I do about painful sex since menopause?": "The pain you have during sex may be because of vaginal dryness associated with declining estrogen levels during menopause. Talk to your doctor about possible causes of painful intercourse. There are a number of lubricants you can try to relieve the symptoms. Ask your doctor or pharmacist for a suggestion. There are also local estrogen treatments -- cream, tablets, and an estrogen ring -- that treat vaginal dryness. A oral drug taken once a day, Osphena, is also available. The drug makes vaginal tissue thicker and less fragile, resulting in less pain for women during sex.",
        "What can I do about facial hair caused by menopause?": "If you have facial hair caused by menopause, there are a number of hair removal options available. They include waxing, depilatories (liquids or creams that remove body hair), bleaching, prescription cream, electrolysis, and laser hair removal. Check with your doctor or a medical aesthetician to determine the right hair removal method for you."
    },
    "Mental Health": {
        "Which drugs treaty psychotic disorders?": "Antipsychotics are a type of drug used to treat psychotic disorders. Talk with your doctor about which ones are best for you.",
        "What is critical incident stress debriefing (CISD)?": "If you\u2019ve been through a crisis, you may feel anxious, angry, scared, or guilty. And you might have trouble with sleep or focus, or become physically ill. A critical incident stress debriefing (CISD) can help you get better.",
        "What is derealization in dissociative identity disorder?": "Derealization is the feeling that the world is not real or looks foggy or far away.",
        "Is dissociative identity disorder real?": "You may wonder if dissociative identity disorder is real. After all, understanding the development of multiple personalities is difficult, even for highly trained experts. The diagnosis itself remains controversial among mental health professionals, with some experts believing that it is really an \"offshoot\" phenomenon of another psychiatric problem, such as borderline personality disorder, or the product of profound difficulties in coping abilities or stresses related to how people form trusting emotional relationships with others.",
        "What other psychiatric illnesses might occur with DID?": "Along with the dissociation and multiple or split personalities, people with dissociative disorders may experience a number of other psychiatric problems, including these symptoms:",
        "What is identity confusion or identity alteration in dissociative identity disorder?": "Identity confusion or identity alteration involve a sense of confusion about who a person is. An example of identity confusion is when a person has trouble defining the things that interest them in life, or their political or religious or social viewpoints, or their sexual orientation, or their professional ambitions. In addition to these apparent alterations, the person may experience distortions in time, place, and situation.",
        "Who is most likely to commit suicide?": "Suicide rates are highest in teens, young adults, and the elderly. White men over the age of 65 have the highest rate of suicide. Some groups are at greater risk, too, including people who have lost a spouse, have attempted suicide before or have family members who did, have been abused, have a substance abuse problem or a painful, disabling, or terminal illness, or work in certain professions, like police officers.",
        "What are examples of obsessive thoughts?": "Obsessive thoughts can include:",
        "What's the difference between dissociative identity disorder and schizophrenia?": "Schizophrenia is a severe mental illness involving chronic (or recurrent) psychosis, characterized mainly by hearing or seeing things that aren't real (hallucinations) and thinking or believing things with no basis in reality (delusions). Contrary to popular misconceptions, people with schizophrenia do not have multiple personalities, which is common in people with dissociative identity disorder. Delusions are the most common psychotic symptom in schizophrenia; hallucinations, particularly hearing voices, are apparent in about half to three quarters of people with the illness. Suicide is a risk with both schizophrenia and dissociative identity disorder, although patients with multiple personalities have a history of suicide attempts more often than other psychiatric patients.",
        "How can dissociated states affect daily life for someone with dissociative identity disorder?": "It is acknowledged that dissociated states are not fully mature personalities, but rather they represent a disjointed sense of identity. With the amnesia typically associated with dissociative identity disorder, different identity states remember different aspects of autobiographical information. There is usually a \"host\" personality within the individual, who identifies with the person's real name. Ironically, the host personality is usually unaware of the presence of other personalities.",
        "What roles do the different personalities play in dissociative identity disorder?": "The distinct personalities may serve diverse roles in helping the individual cope with life's dilemmas. For instance, there's an average of two to four personalities present when the patient is initially diagnosed. Then there's an average of 13 to 15 personalities that can become known over the course of treatment. Environmental triggers or life events cause a sudden shift from one alter or personality to another.",
        "What's the recommended treatment plan for dissociative identity disorder?": "While there's no \"cure\" for dissociative identity disorder, long-term treatment can be helpful, if the patient stays committed. Effective treatment includes:",
        "What is the criteria used to diagnose dissociative identity disorder?": "The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders provides the following criteria to diagnose dissociative identity disorder:",
        "How is dissociative identity disorder diagnosed?": "Making the diagnosis of dissociative identity disorder takes time. It's estimated that individuals with dissociative disorders have spent seven years in the mental health system prior to accurate diagnosis. This is common, because the list of symptoms that cause a person with a dissociative disorder to seek treatment is very similar to those of many other psychiatric diagnoses. In fact, many people who have dissociative disorders also have coexisting diagnoses of borderline or other personality disorders,  depression, and anxiety.",
        "How can marijuana affect your mind and mood?": "Most people use marijuana because the high makes them feel happy, relaxed, or detached from reality.",
        "What is marijuana?": "Marijuana comes from the hemp plant Cannabis sativa. It has an active ingredient called THC that makes you feel high. THC and other compounds in marijuana can also affect the way your body works.",
        "What are the causes of narcissistic personality disorder?": "Experts don't know the exact cause of narcissistic personality disorder, but there are several theories.",
        "What are the symptoms of dissociative identity disorder?": "Dissociative identity disorder is characterized by the presence of two or more distinct or split identities or personality states that continually have power over the person's behavior. There's also an inability to recall key personal information that is too far-reaching to be explained as mere forgetfulness. There are also highly distinct memory variations, which fluctuate with the person's split personality. The \"alters\" or different identities have their own age, sex, or race. Each has their own postures, gestures, and distinct way of talking. Sometimes the alters are imaginary people; sometimes they are animals. Other symptoms of dissociative identity disorder may include headache, amnesia, time loss, trances, and \"out of body experiences.\" Some people with dissociative disorders have a tendency toward self-persecution, self-sabotage, and even violence (both self-inflicted and outwardly directed).",
        "How common is dissociative identity disorder?": "Statistics show the rate of dissociative identity disorder is .01% to 1% of the general population. Considering dissociation more broadly, more than a third of people say they feel as if they're watching themselves in a movie at times (that is, possibly experiencing the phenomenon of dissociation), and 7% percent of the population may have some form of an undiagnosed dissociative disorder.",
        "Can infections make you hallucinate?": "Some infections, like meningitis, can trigger hallucinations as one of their symptoms. High fevers might do it, too, which sometimes happens in children."
    },
    "Metabolic Syndrome": {},
    "Migraine & Headaches": {
        "What is an ophthalmoplegic migraine?": "Ophthalmoplegic migraine headaches include pain around the eye along with paralysis of the muscles around it. This is a medical emergency because the symptoms can also be caused by pressure on the nerves behind the eye or an aneurysm. Other symptoms of this rare type of migraine include a droopy eyelid, double vision, or other vision changes.",
        "What is pharyngitis?": "Pharyngitis is inflammation or infection of the throat.",
        "What is adrenaline?": "Adrenaline (also called epinephrine) is a hormone your body makes in moments of crisis. It makes the heart beat faster and work harder, increases the flow of blood to the muscles, makes you more alert, and causes other changes to prepare the body to meet an emergency. It is also a chemical messenger in the brain.",
        "How long do migraines last?": "Most migraine headaches last about four hours, but severe ones can more than three days. How often they happen differs for everyone, but it\u2019s common to get two to four headaches per month. Some people may get migraines every few days, while others get them once or twice a year.",
        "What is verapamil and how does it treat cluster headaches?": "Your doctor may call verapamil (Calan, Covera HS, Verelan) a \"calcium channel blocker.\" It's also used to treat high blood pressure and chest pain.",
        "What is serotonin?": "Serotonin is a chemical messenger, called a neurotransmitter, that acts on blood vessels and pain control pathways in the brain. Some medications that affect serotonin levels are used to prevent headaches. Serotonin is also responsible for controlling mood, attention, sleep, and pain.",
        "How can nicotine cause headaches?": "Nicotine is no longer considered a cause of migraines. ",
        "How can blood clots cause a sudden headache?": "Cerebral venous sinus thrombosis is a condition where blood clots form near the brain, causing chronic head pain and other dangerous complications.",
        "What medications can you use to treat ocular migraines?": "There's been little research on the best way to treat or prevent ocular migraines. But, your doctor may recommend one or more meds:",
        "What are symptoms of occipital neuralgia?": "Occipital neuralgia can cause intense pain that feels like a sharp, jabbing, electric shock in the back of the head and neck. Other symptoms include:",
        "Can e-cigarettes trigger headaches?": "Electronic cigarettes, also called e-cigarettes, contain nicotine. Research shows that they can also cause headaches.",
        "Are headaches part of nicotine withdrawal symptoms?": "Sometimes headaches are among the symptoms that crop up when you cut back on cigarettes. It's because of nicotine withdrawal.",
        "What does surgery for occipital neuralgia include?": "An operation is rare, but it might be an option if your pain doesn\u2019t get better with other treatments or comes back. Surgery may include:",
        "What are examples of tyramine-rich foods?": "Here are examples of especially tyramine-rich foods:",
        "How can I relieve pain from occipital neuralgia?": "The first thing you\u2019ll want to do when you have occipital neuralgia is to relieve your pain. You can try to:",
        "What are the symptoms of ocular migraines?": "About half of people who get these migraines will lose sight in one eye for a few minutes. In the other half of cases, the symptoms are a bit less dramatic, such as:",
        "What can you do if you get headaches from hormone replacement therapy?": "Hormone replacement therapy (HRT) treats symptoms of menopause such as hot flashes and night sweats. It can cause headaches. If you get headaches when you take HRT, talk with your doctor. You could try a lower dose of HRT or different types of HRT to find what works best for you. For instance, an estrogen skin patch is the least likely method of HRT to trigger headaches.",
        "What can you do to treat headaches from taking birth control pills?": "If you get headaches and take birth control pills, your headaches may be due to the drop in estrogen that occurs during the days when you take the inactive or placebo pills. Here's what can help:",
        "What can you do to treat headaches from nitrates?": "If you take nitrates and start getting a headache, continue to take your medicine and talk to your doctor. Don't try to treat yourself. Certain medicines that are used to treat migraines, such as triptans, may be unsafe to take when you have a heart condition."
    },
    "Multiple Myeloma": {},
    "Multiple Sclerosis": {
        "Should I pace myself to help treat fatigue from multiple sclerosis?": "Yes. A moderate pace is better than rushing through activities. Reduce sudden or prolonged strains. Alternate sitting and standing.",
        "How long does an MRI take?": "Allow two hours for your MRI exam. In most cases, the procedure takes 40 to 80 minutes; during that time, several dozen images may be taken.",
        "What are the differences between multiple sclerosis and Guillain-Barr\u00e9 syndrome?": "Each condition affects a different part of your nervous system. Multiple sclerosis affects the brain and spinal cord, while Guillain- Barr\u00e9 affects the nerves outside those areas.",
        "Should I schedule rest to help deal with fatigue from multiple sclerosis?": "Yes. For example, balance periods of rest and work and rest before you become fatigued. Frequent, short rests are beneficial.",
        "What symptoms signify the onset of secondary progressive multiple sclerosis?": "Along with these signs, there are other symptoms that might show you\u2019re shifting to SPMS:"
    },
    "Oral Health": {
        "What causes thrush?": "Small amounts of the candida fungus are in your mouth, digestive tract, and skin. It\u2019s supposed to be there, and it\u2019s usually kept under control by the other bacteria in your body. Sometimes, certain illnesses or medications, like corticosteroids or antibiotics, can disturb the balance. This can cause the fungus to grow out of control. That\u2019s when you get thrush.",
        "How do I catch strep throat?": "Strep throat is an infection of the throat and tonsils. Bacteria called group A streptococcus cause it. They live in the nose and throat. You can get the infection from someone who is sick with strep A bacteria or is a carrier of it. Like other infections, it spreads through close contact. When people who are sick cough or sneeze, they release droplets into the air that hold the bacteria. You can infect yourself if you touch something a person with strep has coughed or sneezed upon and then brush your eyes, mouth, or nose with your hand. You can also get sick if you share a glass or other personal item with someone who has strep. Strep is most common in children and teens. Adults can sometimes get it, too.",
        "What are some self-care tips for strep throat?": "Try these home treatments to ease symptoms:",
        "What are alternatives to a root canal?": "The only alternative to a root canal procedure is having the tooth extracted and replaced with a bridge, implant, or removable partial denture to restore chewing function and prevent adjacent teeth from shifting. These alternatives not only are more expensive than a root canal procedure but require more treatment time and additional procedures to adjacent teeth and supporting tissues.",
        "How can I prevent thrush?": "\ufffdPractice good oral hygiene.",
        "What is thrush?": "If you notice a strange white rash inside your mouth, you may have a condition called thrush. It\ufffds an infection caused by the candida fungus, which is yeast. You can get it in your mouth and other parts of the body. It can cause diaper rash in infants or vaginal yeast infections in women.",
        "How often should you use mouthwash?": "Rinse with mouthwash daily. An antiseptic mouthwash kills bacteria that cause gum disease.",
        "How quickly do symptoms of strep throat occur?": "When you get infected, you typically start to show symptoms about 2 to 5 days after you were exposed to the bacteria.",
        "How can you prevent a root canal?": "Following good oral hygiene practices (brushing twice a day, flossing at least once a day, and scheduling regular dental visits) may reduce the need for a root canal procedure. Trauma resulting from a sports-related injury can be reduced by wearing a mouth guard.",
        "What is the cost of a root canal?": "The cost varies depending on how severe the problem is and the tooth affected. Many dental insurance policies at least partially cover endodontic treatment. A ballpark estimate for the root canal treatment itself (not including a dental restoration following the procedure) performed by a general dentist could range from $500 to $1,000 for an incisor and $800 to $1,500 for a molar. The fees charged by endodontists could be up to 50% higher.",
        "How is thrush diagnosed?": "Your dentist or doctor can probably tell by taking a look inside your mouth. Your doctor might also send a tiny sample of the spot to a lab just to make sure.",
        "How do I find out if I grind my teeth?": "Because grinding often occurs during sleep, most people are unaware that they grind their teeth. However, a dull, constant headache or sore jaw when you wake up is a telltale symptom of bruxism. Many times people learn that they grind their teeth by a loved one who hears the grinding at night.",
        "How long will I have to wear braces?": "The amount of time you have to wear braces depends on:",
        "What foods should you eat after a gum tissue graft?": "For a week or two following gum grafting, eat soft, cool foods, such as eggs, pasta, Jell-O, yogurt, cottage cheese, well-cooked vegetables, and ice cream.",
        "What are the symptoms of thrush?": "White, slightly raised areas in your mouth are common signs of thrush.",
        "Can a saltwater rinse help a toothache?": "If you have a toothache, until you can get to the dentist, one of the best things you can do is swish warm, salty water around in your mouth. A good mix is 1/2 teaspoon table salt to 8 ounces of water. Spit it out, don\u2019t swallow it.",
        "What medicine can ease pain from dry socket?": "You can take a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), such as aspirin or ibuprofen, to ease discomfort from dry socket. Sometimes these over-the-counter medications aren't enough to relieve the pain. When that's the case, your doctor may prescribe a stronger drug or will anesthetize the area.",
        "How will your dentist treat dry socket?": "Your dentist will clean the tooth socket, removing any debris from the hole, and then fill the socket with a medicated dressing or a special paste to promote healing. You'll probably have to come back to the dentist's office every few days for a dressing change until the socket starts to heal and your pain lessens. Your dentist may prescribe antibiotics to prevent the socket from becoming infected.",
        "What can make my teeth sometimes feel loose?": "It can happen for many reasons. It could be a bite or clenching issue. It may be a sign of bone loss from gum disease. Talk to your dentist.",
        "What steps are involved in filling a tooth?": "First, the dentist will numb the area around the tooth to be filled. Next, they'll use a drill or laser to remove the decayed area. Then they'll clean bacteria and debris out of the cavity. If the decay is near the root, your dentist may first put in a liner made of glass ionomer, composite resin, or other material to protect the nerve. Generally, after the filling is in, your dentist will finish and polish it.",
        "How do financial aid programs help cover the costs of braces for children?": "Low-income families can apply to the Smiles Change Lives program. This provides access to orthodontic treatment for children between ages 11 and 18. If accepted, the child can receive braces for $250 to $500. To be accepted, you must meet certain income requirements (for example, a family of four cannot earn more than $40,000 per year) and your child's teeth must be moderately to severely crooked.",
        "How should I apply moist heat or cold packs to treat temporomandibular disorders (TMD)?": "Use moist heat or cold packs. Apply an ice pack to the side of your face and temple area for about 10 minutes. Do a few simple jaw stretches (if your dentist or physical therapist OKs them). When you\u2019re done, hold a warm towel or washcloth to the side of your face for about 5 minutes. Perform this routine a few times each day.",
        "Can you have an allergic reaction to a dental crown?": "Because the metals used to make crowns are usually a mixture of metals, an allergic reaction to the metals or porcelain used in crowns can occur, but this is extremely rare.",
        "Why do children need dental crowns?": "For children, a crown may be used on primary (baby) teeth in order to:"
    },
    "Osteoarthritis": {
        "Who should not take NSAIDs?": "Ask your doctor before taking an NSAID if:",
        "How is osteoarthritis treated?": "Osteoarthritis is often treated with drugs, exercise, applying heat and cold to the joint, canes and other devices, and keeping a healthy weight. Surgery also is an option.",
        "What are the different types of knee replacement surgery?": "There are four main types:",
        "What are the different designs in knee replacement surgery?": "Knee replacement surgery, which can take 1 to 2 hours, has become so precise that doctors can choose from a variety of knee designs that suit your height, weight, and activity level. The implants, as they are called, are made from a variety of materials, including metal, ceramic, or plastic. They are built to allow easy movement. Some implants are made just for women to closely match their anatomy.",
        "Can acupuncture help with knee pain?": "This form of traditional Chinese medicine, which involves inserting fine needles at certain points on the body, is widely used to relieve many types of pain and may help knee pain.",
        "What does it mean if muscle enzymes are high in the diagnosis for arthritis?": "When you have high muscle enzyme levels -- including creatine phosphokinase (CPK) and aldolase -- it indicates you may have a possible inflammatory muscle disease. Higher levels of CPK can also be seen after trauma, injections into a muscle, muscle disease due to an underactive thyroid, and while taking certain medications such as cholesterol-lowering statin drugs.",
        "What does the presence of HLA-B27 mean?": "HLA-B27 is a genetic marker. In people with inflammatory arthritis of the spine and joints (not osteoarthritis), a positive HLA-B27 test is associated with the presence of one of a group of diseases called seronegative spondyloarthropathies. This includes diseases such as ankylosing spondylitis (AS), psoriatic arthritis, and Reiter's syndrome (also called reactive arthritis). HLA-B27 is present in about 90% of people with AS, but the gene can also be seen in people with no sign of arthritis or inflammation.",
        "How does the presence of cryoglobulins help diagnose rheumatoid arthritis?": "Cryoglobulins are antibodies that may be high in people who have a variety of different diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis, lupus, Sj\u00f6gren's syndrome, Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia, multiple myeloma, lymphoproliferative disorders, hepatitis B and C, and other infections.",
        "How long does a knee replacement last?": "Today\u2019s knee implants will last 20 years. By 2030, it\u2019s estimated doctors will perform about 450,000 total knee replacement operations a year.",
        "What are NSAIDs?": "NSAIDs -- nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs -- are a type of pain reliever. At prescription doses, these drugs also curb inflammation.",
        "What is spondylitis?": "Spondylitis affects the spinal column. It can cause inflammation and stiffness between your vertebrae -- the bones of your neck, spine, and lower back -- and pelvis. Spondylitis can also attack ligaments that connect muscles to bones and other connective tissue.",
        "How can RICE help with knee pain?": "Rest, ice, compression, and elevation (RICE) is good for knee pain caused by a minor injury or an arthritis flare. Give your knee some rest, apply ice to reduce swelling, wear a compressive bandage, and keep your knee elevated.",
        "What are symptoms of osteoarthritis?": "Most often, they develop gradually and include:",
        "What's the difference between arthritis and osteoarthritis?": "Arthritis is a general term that describes inflammation in joints. Osteoarthritis, also called degenerative joint disease, is the most common type of arthritis. It happens when the cartilage in your joints break down, often in your hips, knees, and spine. Osteoarthritis also often affects the finger joints, the joint at the base of the thumb, and the joint at the base of the big toe."
    },
    "Osteoporosis": {
        "How can back bracing treat spinal compression fractures?": "A back brace offers rigid support to limit movements with your fractured vertebrae. It may help ease pain. Newer elastic braces and corsets are more comfortable to wear but don't work. Wear a rigid brace only with a doctor\u2019s supervision. If you use it for too long, it can weaken your muscles.",
        "What does Z score mean in bone mineral density test?": "The Z score is an indication of how much bone mass you have compared with other people of your age, gender, and size.",
        "What does the T score of your bone mineral density test mean?": "The T score compares your bone density with a healthy, young adult of your gender. Here's what the scores mean:",
        "What are the natural treatments for osteopenia?": "Your doctor may recommend medications if you\u2019ve already broken a bone. But many people try a number of nutritional supplements and herbs before they have a fracture to build stronger bones. The main ones are calcium and vitamin D supplements.",
        "What medications treat osteopenia?": "Especially if you\u2019ve already broken a bone, your doctor may prescribe medicine to lower your chances for osteoporosis and to prevent more fractures:",
        "What kind of diet is good for osteopenia?": "For strong bones, you need a diet rich in calcium and vitamin D. High-calcium foods include dairy products, dark green vegetables, sardines and salmon (with bones), and tofu. Your body makes its own vitamin D when sunlight hits your skin. A few foods naturally have vitamin D. Others, such as grains and dairy foods, are fortified with it.",
        "What kind of exercise is good for osteopenia?": "Like muscle, bone gets stronger when you use it. The best moves for bones are weight-bearing exercises that force your body to work against gravity. That includes walking, stair climbing, dancing, and lifting weights.",
        "Can supplements treat osteopenia?": "You should talk to your doctor before you start taking a supplement. If you aren't getting enough calcium and vitamin D in your diet and don't spend much time in the sun, you may need to take one.",
        "What are symptoms of hyperparathyroidism?": "This condition happens when your body makes too much of a hormone called PTH. That in turn makes your body take calcium from you bones, causing osteoarthritis. Symptoms of hyperparathyroidism include:",
        "What are spinal compression fractures?": "It\u2019s easy to think back pain is just part of getting older. But be careful. If you\u2019re nearing age 60, it may be a sign that you have tiny cracks in the bones called vertebrae that form your spine. When these small hairline fractures add up, they can eventually cause a vertebra to collapse, which is called spinal compression fracture.",
        "Are there any drawbacks or side effects of spinal fusion surgery?": "There are drawbacks to spinal fusion surgery. It eliminates the natural movement of two vertebrae, which limits movement. It also puts more stress on the vertebrae next to the fusion, therefore increasing the chance of fracture in those vertebrae. Even after healing is complete, you may need to avoid certain lifting and twisting activities to prevent putting excess stress on the spine.",
        "What is kyphoplasty and how is it used to treat spinal compression fractures?": "Kyphoplasty helps correct bone deformity and relieves pain that come with spinal compression fractures. During the procedure:",
        "How long does it take to recover from spinal fusion surgery?": "Recovery from spinal fusion surgery takes longer than with other types of spinal surgery. Patients often have a 3- or 4-day hospital stay, with a possible stay on a rehabilitation unit. Patients typically wear a brace immediately after surgery. Rehabilitation is often necessary to rebuild strength and functioning. Activity level is gradually increased. Depending on the patient's age and health status, getting back to normal functioning can happen within 2 months, or up to 6 months later.",
        "What are parathyroid glands?": "These four tiny glands control the levels of calcium in your bones and blood. You need calcium for good bone health. When your body needs calcium, parathyroids make a hormone called parathyroid hormone (PTH). Your body reacts by absorbing more calcium from food and keeping it from leaving through your urine.",
        "How long does it take to recover from a broken wrist or forearm?": "It takes a year or more to fully recover from a broken wrist or forearm. Your doctor may recommend physical therapy as you get back to normal. While you heal your doctor will:"
    },
    "Ovarian Cancer": {
        "How will ovary removal surgery affect fertility?": "Younger women considering ovary removal surgery may have concerns about their fertility, or whether or not they can become pregnant.",
        "How long does it take to recover from ovary removal surgery?": "Your doctor will give you instructions about your return to an active lifestyle after ovary removal surgery. But, in general, how quickly you can return to normal activities depends on your overall medical condition before surgery, the reason for your surgery, and the way your surgery was done. Most women return to an active life about 6 weeks after surgery. Women who had laparoscopic surgery or robot-assisted surgery generally have quicker recoveries of about 2 weeks."
    },
    "PMS": {},
    "Pain Management": {
        "How is scleroderma treated?": "There\u2019s no treatment for scleroderma, but you can manage the symptoms with:",
        "What can treatment for pinched nerves include?": "\ufffdNSAIDs. Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) such as aspirin, ibuprofen, or naproxen",
        "How can I relieve my hip pain at home?": "Hold ice to the area for about 15 minutes a few times a day. Try to rest the affected joint as much as possible until you feel better.",
        "Can cancer cause hip pain?": "Yes. Tumors that start in the bone or that spread to the bone can cause pain in the hips, as well as in other bones of the body.",
        "What are some symptoms of pinched nerves?": "These are some of the more common symptoms of compressed nerves:",
        "How can you relieve hip pain?": "You can relieve many types of hip pain with an over-the-counter pain medication like Tylenol or an NSAID.",
        "When should I call my doctor about my hip pain?": "if your pain doesn't go away, or if you notice swelling, redness, or warmth around the joint. You should also call if you have hip pain at night or when you are resting.",
        "How can a stone bruise lead to foot pain?": "A stone bruise is a deep bruise of the fat pad of the heel or ball of the foot. It\u2019s often from an impact injury, but it can also happen after stepping on a hard object. The pain feels like you\u2019re walking on a pebble. It will gradually go away on its own.",
        "What other things may help scleroderma?": "Other things that help may include:",
        "What are the symptoms of hip pain?": "You might feel it in your:",
        "What is scleroderma?": "This chronic skin disease results from a problem with your immune system. It causes your body to make too much of the protein collagen, an important part of your skin.",
        "What are the symptoms of scleroderma?": "You might notice:",
        "When is surgery needed to treat bunions?": "A bunion only needs surgery if your symptoms are severe. You shouldn\u2019t get surgery just because you don\u2019t like the way the bunion makes your foot look, because the risks can outweigh the benefits.",
        "What causes scleroderma?": "Doctors aren't sure. Scleroderma is one of a group of conditions known as autoimmune diseases. You get them when your immune system, which usually protects you from germs, turns on your body and causes inflammation of skin and other organs.",
        "What types of surgery are used for a rotator cuff tear?": "There are three types of rotator cuff surgery:",
        "What is the treatment for a rotator cuff tear?": "You'll probably start with physical therapy to make your shoulder muscles stronger, and medications like acetaminophen and anti-inflammatory drugs to help with pain and swelling. In some cases, you may need surgery, especially if you have a complete tear.",
        "How is a rotator cuff tear diagnosed?": "To find out if you have a torn rotator cuff, your doctor ask you about your injury and check your shoulder's range of motion, muscle strength, and any movements that hurt. You may also get:",
        "What are other possible causes of abdominal pain?": "Other possible causes of abdominal pain include:",
        "What does it feel like to have tennis elbow?": "Tennis elbow is a pain focused on the outside of the arm, where your forearm meets your elbow.",
        "How is piriformis syndrome diagnosed?": "There is no definitive test for piriformis syndrome. Diagnosis of piriformis syndrome is made from your description of symptoms and by physical exam using a variety of movements to see if you have pain in the piriformis muscle. In some cases, a contracted or tender piriformis muscle can be found during a physical exam.",
        "What is the surgery and recovery process like for rotator cuff impingement?": "The surgery often is done on an outpatient basis, meaning you shouldn\u2019t have to spend the night in a hospital.",
        "When is surgery needed for rotator cuff impingement and what is the most common surgery?": "If your symptoms don\u2019t go away after 6 months, your doctor could suggest surgery. This may also be needed if one of your tendons is torn and can\u2019t heal on its own.",
        "What are corns?": "Corns are thick buildups of tough skin on a point of irritation or pressure on the foot or toe. They sometimes look like horns.",
        "How can you treat heel pain?": "To treat heel pain:"
    },
    "Palliative Care": {
        "What are the goals of palliative care?": "The goals are:",
        "What is hospice care?": "Hospice care is for people who have learned from doctors that they are not expected to recover from their condition. It\u2019s about easing pain and helping families prepare for the end of life. People often get hospice care at home, where family members and professional caregivers look after them. But you could also choose a specialized center for hospice. Many nursing homes and hospitals also offer it.",
        "When do doctors stop life support?": "Doctors usually advise stopping life support when there is no hope for recovery -- your organs are no longer able to function on their own. Keeping the treatment going at that point may draw out the process of dying and may also be costly.",
        "What are the signs of death within days or hours?": "When death is within days or hours, your loved one may:",
        "Where can you get help and support when your loved one is dying?": "Caregivers, families, and friends of someone who is dying can turn to:",
        "What are the signs one to two weeks before death?": "One to two weeks before death, the person may feel tired and drained all the time, so much that they don't leave their bed. They could have:",
        "What are other signs of death?": "Breathing trouble can be distressing for family members, but often it isn't painful and can be managed. Pain can be treated, too. But your loved one may have a hard time taking medicine by mouth. Hallucinations and visions, especially of long-gone loved ones, can be comforting. If seeing and talking to someone who isn't there makes the person who's dying happier, you don't need to try to convince them that they aren't real. It may upset them and make them argue and fight with you.",
        "What causes bone pain and how can it be treated?": "There are many causes for bone pain, including cancer metastases and compression of bones in the spine from degenerative bone disease. It can also be caused by damage from long-term use of steroids to treat a condition.",
        "What should you do in the last days or hours of death of your loved one?": "In the last days or hours, your loved one may become restless and confused and have hallucinations so upsetting they may cry out, strike out, or try to climb out of bed. Stay with them. Try to keep them calm with soothing music and gentle touch. Sometimes medication helps. The room should be well lit, but not bright. Make it as quiet and peaceful as possible. Constantly assure them that you're there. Ironically, a loved one may also become clear-headed in their final hours.",
        "Does palliative care mean you are dying?": "Not necessarily. It's true that palliative care serve many people with life-threatening or terminal illnesses. But some people are cured and no longer need palliative care. Others move in and out of palliative care as needed.",
        "What are symptoms palliative care may help?": "Here are some symptoms that palliative care may address:",
        "What are the signs one to three months before death?": "One to three months before death, your loved one is likely to:",
        "What diseases can be treated with palliative care?": "Today, patients with cancer, heart disease, chronic lung disease, AIDS, Alzheimer's, multiple sclerosis, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), and many other serious illnesses are eligible for palliative care.",
        "How do you pay for palliative care?": "Most insurance plans cover palliative care treatment in full or partially. Typically, Medicare and Medicaid also cover palliative care. If you're concerned about costs, speak to a social worker from the palliative care team.",
        "What are examples of what a palliative care team might do?": "A palliative care doctor may prescribe medications and other treatments for pain, constipation, shortness of breath, and other symptoms. A social worker may coordinate your care and serve as an advocate on behalf of you and your family. A chaplain may offer spiritual support and help you to explore your beliefs and values."
    },
    "Pancreatic Cancer": {
        "What is recovery from the Whipple procedure like?": "You'll probably spend a week in the hospital. Recovery can be slow and painful, so you should get prescription or over-the-counter pain medications.",
        "What is the prognosis for patients who have had the Whipple procedure?": "Overall, the five-year survival rate after a Whipple procedure is about 20 to 25%. Even if the procedure successfully removes the visible tumor, it's possible that some cancer cells have already spread elsewhere in the body, where they can form new tumors and eventually cause death.",
        "How does a percutaneous needle biopsy help diagnose pancreatic cancer?": "For this procedure, a radiologist inserts a needle into the mass to capture some tissue. You may also hear this called fine needle aspiration.",
        "Does pancreatic cancer cause itching?": "People with pancreatic cancer sometimes report itching all over. Blocked bile ducts are often responsible.",
        "What are possible complications of the Whipple procedure?": "Short-term problems include the development of false channels (fistulas) and leakage from the site of the bowel reconnection. Other possible surgical complications include:",
        "What hospitals or surgeons are the best to go to for the Whipple procedure?": "The American Cancer Society says it's best to have the procedure done at a hospital that performs at least 15 to 20 pancreas surgeries per year. The organization also recommends choosing a surgeon who does many such operations.",
        "If there is a mass in the pancreas, how do you know if it is cancer?": "If imaging studies find a mass in your pancreas, a pancreatic cancer diagnosis is likely, but not definite. Only a biopsy -- taking actual tissue from the mass -- can diagnose pancreatic cancer.",
        "How many people die from the Whipple procedure?": "After the Whipple procedure was introduced, many surgeons were reluctant to perform it because it had a high death rate. As recently as the 1970s, up to 25% of patients either died during the surgery or shortly thereafter.",
        "How long do patients stay in the hospital after a Whipple procedure?": "After surgery, patients are usually hospitalized for a week before returning home. Because recovery can be slow and painful, they usually need to take prescription or over-the-counter pain medications.",
        "Who is a candidate for the Whipple procedure?": "Only about 20% of pancreatic cancer patients are eligible for the Whipple procedure and other surgeries. These are usually patients whose tumors are confined to the head of the pancreas and haven't spread into any nearby major blood vessels, the liver, lungs, or abdominal cavity. Intensive testing is usually necessary to identify possible candidates for the Whipple procedure.",
        "How many people survive after the Whipple procedure?": "Overall, the five-year survival rate after a Whipple procedure is about 20 to 25%. Even if the procedure successfully removes the visible tumor, it's possible that some cancer cells have already spread elsewhere in the body, where they can form new tumors and eventually cause death.",
        "What's the outlook for people who have the Whipple procedure?": "Improvements in diagnosis, staging, surgical techniques, anesthesia, and postoperative care have reduced the short-term death rate for patients who undergo the Whippie procedure for pancreatic cancer to less than 4% when the operation is performed at cancer centers by experienced surgeons. At some major centers, the reported death rate is less than 1%. But the rate may still be above 15% in patients who are treated at small hospitals or by less experienced surgeons.",
        "What age groups are most at risk for pancreatic cancer?": "Pancreatic cancer almost always strikes over the age of 45, with about two-thirds of cases occurring in people over the age of 65. It is slightly more common in men than in women.",
        "What is distal pancreatectomy?": "Distal pancreatectomy is a procedure in which the tail and/or portion of the body of the pancreas are removed, but not the head. This surgery is uncommon for pancreatic cancer, because most tumors arising outside the head of the pancreas within the body or tail are unresectable."
    },
    "Parenting": {
        "What causes language and speech delays in children?": "A speech delay can make your child stutter or make it hard to make certain sounds. A language delay can mean your child had difficulty understanding words and gestures, or have trouble expressing themselves. Causes can include:"
    },
    "Parkinson's Disease": {
        "What are motor symptoms of Parkinson's disease during the moderate stage?": "You can expect:",
        "What are motor symptoms of Parkinson's disease during the mild stage?": "During the mild stage of Parkinson's disease, symptoms usually don\u2019t stop you from doing most tasks -- and drugs usually work well to keep them in check.",
        "What are motor symptoms of Parkinson's disease during the advanced stage?": "Some people never reach the advance stage. This happens when medication doesn\u2019t help as much and serious disabilities set in.",
        "What non-motor symptoms may show up early in those with Parkinson's disease?": "You also might get these symptoms later in the disease -- and even if you have them, it doesn\u2019t mean you have Parkinson\u2019s disease. Scientists are still trying to understand the link.",
        "What non-motor symptoms may show up later in those with Parkinson's disease?": "Dementia and psychosis are two serious mental health issues that usually take a while to show up. Psychosis is a serious condition where you see or hear things that aren\u2019t there, or believe in things that aren\u2019t based in reality. Dementia means you can no longer think, remember, and reason well enough to carry on your normal life.",
        "Who gets Parkinson's disease?": "About 3 out of 100 Americans over the age of 60 have Parkinson\u2019s. Evidence is building that Parkinson's disease may be passed down in families. Some 4% of those with Parkinson's disease are diagnosed before age 50, and of those, about half are diagnosed before age 40. When the diagnosis is made early, it is referred to as \"young-onset\" Parkinson's disease.",
        "What are the early signs of Parkinson's disease?": "Early symptoms can be mild. You may feel tired or uneasy. You may notice your hands or other body parts shaking slightly, or find it hard to stand. Your speech might become softer or slurred, or your handwriting might look different or smaller. You may forget a word or a thought. You might also feel depressed or anxious.  You may have sleep problems such as a rapid eye movement (REM) sleep disorder. Most dreaming occurs during REM sleep.",
        "How does Sinemet help with Parkinson's disease?": "Sinemet is a mix of levodopa and another drug called carbidopa. Carbidopa makes the levodopa work better, so you can take less of it. That prevents many common side effects of levodopa, such as nausea, vomiting, and irregular heart rhythms.",
        "How does amantadine help with Parkinson's disease?": "Amantadine (Gocovri) may help people with mild Parkinson's disease by raising the amount of dopamine that your brain cells can use, which leads to fewer symptoms. It may help ease the involuntary movements that can happen when you take levodopa. But it may cause side effects, such as confusion and memory problems."
    },
    "Pets": {
        "How do I use a flea comb to get rid of fleas on my pet?": "A flea comb with tiny teeth can remove fleas from your pet. Do it outside, and focus on the neck area and the base of the tail. Keep a cup of warm, soapy water beside you. Use it to dip the comb so you can drown the fleas."
    },
    "Postpartum Depression": {},
    "Prostate Cancer": {
        "What is a percent-free prostate-specific antigen test?": "Prostate-specific antigen (PSA) takes two major forms in the blood. One is attached, or bound, to blood proteins and the other circulates freely. The percent-free PSA test indicates how much PSA circulates free compared to the total PSA level. The percentage of free PSA is lower in men who have prostate cancer than in men who do not. Studies show that if your PSA results are in the borderline range (4 to 10), a low percent-free PSA (less than 10%) means that the likelihood of having prostate cancer is about 50% and that you should probably have a biopsy.",
        "What are the risks of cystoscopy?": "The risks of having a cystoscopy include:",
        "How does a cystoscopy feel?": "You may feel discomfort as the cystoscope is placed into the urethra and bladder. You will probably feel a strong need to urinate when the water fills the bladder. If a biopsy is taken, you may feel a slight pinch.",
        "What is cystoscopy?": "Cystoscopy, also called a cystourethroscopy or, more simply, a bladder scope, is a test that measures the health of the urethra and bladder.",
        "When should someone call the doctor after a prostate biopsy and ultrasound?": "Call the nearest emergency room if:",
        "What happens the day of a prostate cancer biopsy and ultrasound?": "A doctor or nurse will explain the procedure in detail, including possible complications and side effects. You will also be able to ask questions.",
        "What are normal prostate-specific antigen levels?": "In the past, most experts viewed prostate-specific antigen (PSA) levels less than 4 ng/mL as normal. Because of the findings from more recent studies, some recommend lowering the cutoff levels that determine if a PSA value is normal or elevated. Some researchers encourage using less than 2.5 or 3 ng/mL as a cutoff for normal values, particularly in younger patients. Younger patients tend to have smaller prostates and lower PSA values, so any elevation of the PSA in younger men above 2.5 ng/mL is a cause for concern.",
        "What are the side effects of radioactive seed implants for prostate cancer?": "Common side effects include:",
        "How often should men have sex or ejaculate to help prevent prostate cancer?": "In one study, the exact number of times didn\u2019t matter. Basically, the more men ejaculated in a month, the less likely they were to get prostate cancer.",
        "How long does it take for prostate cancer to become metastatic?": "On average, 8 years pass from the time a man is first diagnosed with prostate cancer to the discovery that it has become metastatic. If you've had prostate cancer, work with your doctor to check your chances and schedule routine check-ins.",
        "How long does a cystoscopy take?": "The entire procedure generally takes about 15 to 20 minutes.",
        "What happens during a cystoscopy?": "During the procedure, water is inserted through the cystoscope and into your bladder. Your doctor will ask you a series of questions regarding how you feel when your bladder is filled. When the bladder is full of water, it stretches. This allows your doctor to view the entire bladder wall.",
        "Why does someone need an enema before getting a prostate biopsy and ultrasound?": "You will receive one enema before the procedure to empty your colon and minimize the risk of infection during the procedure. You may be asked to use the enema at home. Try to hold the enema solution for at least five minutes before releasing it.",
        "What should someone eat before getting a prostate biopsy and ultrasound?": "Eat a light breakfast or lunch before the procedure and drink only clear liquids (which include juices, broths, and gelatin) the morning of the procedure.",
        "What is metastatic prostate cancer?": "Metastatic prostate cancer means the tumor has spread to the distant lymph nodes or more distant parts of the body.",
        "What does advanced prostate cancer mean?": "Prostate cancer is usually called \"advanced\" if it has spread outside of the prostate gland. It may have moved to the tissues nearby, which doctors call \"locally advanced.\" It also could have spread to the lymph nodes, bones, or other parts of the body. At that point, doctors call it metastatic prostate cancer.",
        "What does it mean if you have metastatic prostate cancer?": "If your prostate cancer spreads to other parts of your body, your doctor may tell you that it's \"metastatic\" or that your cancer has \"metastasized.\"",
        "Is there a cure for advanced prostate cancer?": "Advanced prostate cancer has no cure, but there are many ways doctors can treat the disease to ease symptoms and help you feel better and live longer.",
        "What are the symptoms of advanced prostate cancer?": "You may have no symptoms with advanced prostate cancer. If you do have some, they typically depend on where in your body the cancer has spread. If it's in your pelvic bones, you may have lower back or hip pain, for example. You may have more general problems, too, like trouble controlling your bladder or blood in your urine. You may have lost weight, feel pain, have trouble breathing, or feel tired or weak.",
        "What are your options for treating advanced prostate cancer?": "Your main options for treating advanced prostate cancer are:",
        "What should I know about treatments for advanced prostate cancer?": "Treatments that slow the spread of advanced prostate cancer and relieve symptoms often cause side effects. Some patients, often those who are older, decide that the risk of side effects outweighs the benefits of treatment. These patients may choose not to treat their advanced prostate cancer."
    },
    "Prostate Enlargement BPH": {},
    "Psoriasis": {
        "What should you know about medications for severe scalp psoriasis?": "Since these medications can cause serious side effects, including liver damage, they require a doctor\u2019s close eye. It's also important to know that oral vitamin derivatives are different from -- and more powerful than -- vitamin supplements bought over the counter. Ordinary vitamin A and D supplements do not help.",
        "What are common causes of rashes?": "If you start scratching and find a rash, it\u2019s likely the problem is in your skin. It can happen because of:",
        "What should be done first when you feel itchy?": "You might have an itch that must be scratched. Or a tickle on your back that you can\u2019t reach. It\u2019s often hard to pin down just what\u2019s causing it. It may be as simple as the clothes you wear. But it can also be a symptom of something more serious, like a rash or an illness.",
        "How does the nervous system cause itching?": "Your nervous system can get confused when it\u2019s sick and accidentally tell the nerves on the skin to start itching when there\u2019s nothing there to cause it. There is no rash. But your skin may appear irritated if you\u2019ve been scratching a lot. Your brain may send an itch signal to the nerves in your skin, even though there is nothing there to cause it. You can get it from:",
        "What are common causes of itching beneath the surface?": "Reasons include:",
        "How does psoriasis affect brain chemicals?": "With psoriasis, your immune cells release substances called cytokines. These make skin cells grow out of control and form scaly plaques. They also change levels of chemicals in your brain that affect your mood. A cytokine called TNF-alpha may affect brain chemicals like serotonin in a way that could lead to depression.",
        "How are retinoids used to treat moderate to severe psoriasis?": "Retinoids are pills, creams, and gels that form a class of drugs related to Vitamin A. Retinoids can cause serious side effects, including birth defects, so they\u2019re not recommended for women who are pregnant or planning to have children.",
        "How is Ixekizumab (Taltz) used to treat psoriasis?": "Ixekizumab (Taltz) is a drug that you take as a shot. You do it yourself at home once your doctor shows you how.",
        "What medications are used to treat moderate to severe psoriasis?": "You would take systemic medications by pill or by injection. These types of drugs affect the whole body. Your doctor may recommend one of these types of drugs if you haven't responded to topical creams or light therapy.",
        "Should pregnant women take vitamin A derivatives to treat moderate or severe psoriasis?": "Women who are pregnant or planning on becoming pregnant should not use vitamin A derivatives due to serious birth defect risks.",
        "Can you get psoriasis on your lips?": "Psoriasis on the lips is rare, but it does happen. Most of the time, these patches are white or gray. They can be uncomfortable and may affect the way you talk and chew.",
        "What is mild to moderate psoriasis?": "Mild-to-moderate psoriasis means that the red, scaly patches ( or \"plaques\") cover less than 10% of your body. The fact that your psoriasis is called \"mild\" doesn't mean it's easy to live with. If the patches are in visible places like your hands or legs, you may be embarrassed to go out without wearing long sleeves and pants. Also, small areas of psoriasis can turn into big problems if they're itchy or painful.",
        "How is cyclosporine used to treat moderate or severe psoriasis?": "Cyclosporine suppresses the immune system and slows the growth of certain immune cells. Cyclosporine is given by capsule or liquid.",
        "Are there risks in taking hydroxyurea for severe psoriasis?": "Hydroxyurea (Hydrea) has fewer side effects than some of the stronger systemic medications, but it's also less effective.",
        "Is itchiness related to my nerves?": "Your nervous system can get confused when it\u2019s sick and accidentally tell the nerves on the skin to start itching when there\u2019s nothing there to cause it. There is no rash, but your skin may appear irritated if you\u2019ve been scratching a lot. Your brain may send an itch signal to the nerves in your skin, even though there is nothing there to cause it. You can get it from:",
        "Do certain psychological disorders cause itchiness?": "If your doctor can\u2019t find a physical cause, it may be in your mind. Some mental conditions give people the urge to scratch or pick at themselves. They may feel like their skin is crawling with something. There is no rash, but there may be skin damage from scratching. Compulsive scratching can be a sign of:",
        "What types of condoms should I use if I have severe psoriasis?": "Use non-latex condoms to avoid problems with treatments that make latex condoms less effective. You can find them in most supermarkets and pharmacies.",
        "Can I take isotretinoin for psoriasis while trying to get pregnant?": "Isotretinoin (Amnesteem, Myorisan, Sotret) can cause birth defects. It clears out of your body farily fast. You only have to wait 1 month after stopping it before trying to conceive.",
        "What do doctors try first to treat mild to moderate psoriasis?": "Usually doctors start with the mildest treatments for people with mild-to-moderate psoriasis. Often the first treatment you\u2019ll try is a skin cream or ointment. If a mild treatment doesn\u2019t work, you\u2019ll move up to stronger treatments until your doctor finds one that helps you.",
        "What can I do at night to help my scalp psoriasis?": "Take a warm shower before bed every night. Wash your hair with shampoo for scalp psoriasis (with tar, ketoconazole, or salicylic acid). If your doctor gave you medicine to use during your shower, put it on your wet scalp before you shampoo. Leave it on for the prescribed period of time, then wash and rinse. Always use conditioner to help keep your skin moist. After your shower, gently rub any creams or scale softeners into your scalp. Put a dry shower cap over your hair before bed. This will keep it damp and hold medicine in.",
        "What clothes should I wear if I have severe psoriasis?": "Wear loose-fitting clothes and underwear, like boxers or boy shorts. Tight clothes rub on sensitive skin and can make symptoms flare up. Choose natural fabrics. Clothes made from cotton or silk are kinder to your skin than synthetics. ",
        "What treatments are used for moderate to severe psoriasis?": "Even though everyone with psoriasis is different, doctors have a few standard treatments that they try in people with moderate to severe psoriasis. These include:",
        "How do Dead Sea salts or Epsom salts treat psoriasis?": "Dead Sea salts or Epsom salts can remove scales and relieve itching. Add them to a warm bath and soak for about 15 minutes. Use a lotion or cream to return moisture to your skin afterward.",
        "What are the side effects of vitamin A derivatives used to treat moderate or severe psoriasis?": "Side effects of vitamin A derivatives can include hair loss; thin nails; dry mouth, eyes, and skin; bleeding gums; nosebleeds; headache; joint or muscle pain; increased levels of fat in the blood; and sensitivity to sunlight.",
        "How are biologics used to treat severe psoriasis?": "Biologics target proteins in your immune system that play a role in the inflammation process. They have fewer side effects than traditional systemic therapy."
    },
    "Psoriatic Arthritis": {
        "What do I need to know about depression and psoriatic arthritis (PsA)?": "Not everyone who has psoriatic arthritis have depression. But depression can go along with this condition. If you have depression symptoms, tell your doctor.",
        "What are symptoms of depression in someone who also has psoriatic arthritis?": "These are just some of the most common symptoms. Thoughts of death or suicide are major red flags. Call your doctor if you\u2019re having these thoughts. Call 9-1-1 or a suicide prevention hotline or go to the ER right away if you\u2019re in crisis or are about to act on them.",
        "What do I need to know about psoriatic arthritis?": "Living with psoriatic arthritis has its challenges beyond pain, stiffness, and fatigue.",
        "How can staying active help you if you have psoriatic arthritis?": "It\u2019s good for your mood as well as your joints. If simple activities like walking are hard, get in the pool. The water supports your weight, so you can move more easily and without impact on your joints.",
        "Why is social support good for you if you have psoriatic arthritis?": "With people you\u2019re close to, you can share your innermost feelings and they accept you -- just as you are. Their comfort and support can often offset the unpleasantness.",
        "Why is it important to manage your stress if you have psoriatic arthritis?": "Too much stress can both worsen and trigger your symptoms. So do something nice for yourself every day to ease the effects of stress. It doesn't have to be a big deal. Make yourself a cup of herbal tea in the afternoon. Even a few quiet minutes of \"me time\" when you wake up or before you go to bed can help. It's not selfish. It's as important as taking your medication.",
        "How should I take my psoriatic arthritis medicine?": "Missing your meds. Take your drugs the way your doctor prescribed them. They'll help control the inflammation and pain, which could cause fatigue.",
        "How can you ease foot pain from psoriatic arthritis?": "You can try:",
        "How can psoriatic arthritis cause fatigue?": "When you have psoriatic arthritis, your body makes proteins, called cytokines that cause inflammation and may also cause fatigue, although doctors aren't sure why. When you have a flare, the cytokines set your immune system off. But instead of fighting an infection, your immune system attacks your joints. Maybe the fatigue comes from your body using energy to do this.",
        "Is there treatment for dactylitis (sausage fingers) caused by ankylosing spondylitis?": "When your fingers or toes are so puffy that they look like sausages -- and they hurt, too -- you need to see your doctor. You could have a type of inflammation called dactylitis, or sausage digits. It can damage your fingers if you don\u2019t get the right treatment. It\u2019s common with inflammatory types of arthritis like ankylosing spondylitis.",
        "Is there treatment for dactylitis (sausage fingers) caused by psoriatic arthritis?": "When your fingers or toes are so puffy that they look like sausages -- and they hurt, too -- you need to see your doctor. You could have a type of inflammation called dactylitis, or sausage digits. It can damage your fingers if you don\u2019t get the right treatment. It\u2019s common with inflammatory types of arthritis like psoriatic arthritis.",
        "Can (DMARDs) treat dactylitis (sausage fingers)?": "When your fingers or toes are so puffy that they look like sausages -- and they hurt, too -- you need to see your doctor. You could have a type of inflammation called dactylitis, or sausage digits. It can damage your fingers if you don\u2019t get the right treatment. It\u2019s common with inflammatory types of arthritis like psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis.",
        "Can nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs treat dactylitis (sausage fingers)?": "When your fingers or toes are so puffy that they look like sausages -- and they hurt, too -- you need to see your doctor. You could have a type of inflammation called dactylitis, or sausage digits. It can damage your fingers if you don\u2019t get the right treatment. It\u2019s common with inflammatory types of arthritis like psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis.",
        "What are ways to be active if you have foot pain from psoriatic arthritis?": "Even if psoriatic arthritis causes foot pain, some type of exercise can still be a part of your life and might lessen pain and stiffness. You could focus on strength training or water aerobics instead of workouts that put constant pressure on your feet. If you aren\u2019t sure where to begin, a physical or occupational therapist can help create a plan that won\u2019t make your symptoms worse. Don\u2019t do activities that make your pain more intense. Take regular breaks to sit down and rest as needed, if you\u2019re on your feet.",
        "Does acupuncture help if you have foot pain from psoriatic arthritis?": "It might. Studies haven\u2019t proved that acupuncture can treat psoriatic arthritis pain, but a review of studies did show benefits for people with chronic pain. With acupuncture, a licensed acupuncturist puts very thin needles into specific areas of your body. The process doesn\u2019t usually hurt, and it can help your body provide natural pain relief.",
        "Are osteoarthritis and psoriatic arthritis the same thing?": "No, they\u2019re two different conditions. Osteoarthritis (OA) is the most common kind of arthritis and has similar symptoms to psoriatic arthritis (PsA), but they aren\u2019t the same. Osteoarthritis happens when cartilage in your joints wears away over time. In contrast, psoriatic arthritis is an autoimmune disease, meaning your immune system mistakenly views healthy cells as a threat and attacks them. Psoriatic arthritis can affect your skin and nails and make joints stiff, painful, and swollen. Your joints may also feel warm when you touch them because of inflammation caused by the condition.",
        "Does ice help if you have foot pain from psoriatic arthritis?": "One way to calm aching feet and bring down swelling is by resting them on a bag of ice or pack of frozen vegetables covered by a towel for about 10 minutes. You can also get the same benefits from a frozen water bottle when you use it to massage your feet. Or try the opposite: You can wrap a warm cloth around your feet and let the heat soothe them.",
        "How are the symptoms of osteoarthritis and psoriatic arthritis different?": "With osteoarthritis, you may have less range of motion and struggle with day-to-day movements like sitting down. You could also have joints that are stiff, swollen, and hurt. Osteoarthritis can also create growths on the ends of your bones called bone spurs. People usually get osteoarthritis in their hands, hips, feet, knees, and spine.",
        "Who is at risk for osteoarthritis and psoriatic arthritis?": "Osteoarthritis is common in people over the age of 40. You also have a bigger risk of getting it if your lifestyle involves heavy use of your joints or puts a lot of pressure on them and if you\u2019re obese, do a lot of heavy lifting, or have had a joint injury. It\u2019s also more common in women than men.",
        "Does warmth help if you have foot pain from psoriatic arthritis?": "You can wrap a warm cloth around your feet and let the heat soothe them. It\u2019s not a cure, but it\u2019s a way to make them feel better temporarily. Another way to calm aching feet and bring down swelling is by resting them on a bag of ice or pack of frozen vegetables covered by a towel for about 10 minutes. You can also get the same benefits from a frozen water bottle when you use it to massage your feet.",
        "Does weight loss help if you have foot pain from psoriatic arthritis?": "If you\u2019re overweight, losing some of those extra pounds could relieve the pressure on your joints and help ease your foot pain. Studies show that weight loss can also make your treatment more effective, especially if you\u2019re obese (BMI of 30 or higher) and lose at least 10% of your body weight.",
        "Can you have both osteoarthritis and psoriatic arthritis?": "Yes, it\u2019s possible. You can have multiple types of arthritis at once, meaning you could have osteoarthritis and psoriatic arthritis together. There isn\u2019t one test your doctor can give you to diagnose you with either condition. Instead, they will look for specific signs of each disease."
    },
    "Restless Legs Syndrome": {
        "What medications do doctors use to treat restless legs syndrome (RLS)?": "The following medications are the most widely prescribed to treat restless legs syndrome (RLS). They may be given alone or, in certain cases, in combination. Your doctor will prescribe the best treatment plan for you."
    },
    "Rheumatoid Arthritis": {
        "What types of biologic drugs are used to treat rheumatoid arthritis if initial biologic drugs don't work?": "If the first anti-TNF you try doesn\u2019t work for you, your doctor will most likely try another one. If you still don\u2019t get relief, they may switch you to another type of biologic. These include:",
        "What should I do if my biologic treatment doesn\u2019t help my rheumatoid arthritis?": "It may take some trial and error to find the biologic that works best for your rheumatoid arthritis (RA), but there\u2019s a good reason to stay optimistic.",
        "What are the side effects of hydroxychloroquine and sulfasalazine in treating rheumatoid arthritis?": "Hydroxychloroquine (Plaquenil) and sulfasalazine (Azulfidine) are used for mild rheumatoid arthritis. They are not as powerful as other disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs, but they usually cause fewer side effects. In rare cases, hydroxychloroquine (Plaquenil) can have side effects that affect the eyes, so people who take this medicine should see an ophthalmologist at least once a year.",
        "How do I know if steroid treatment is right for me?": "The decision to prescribe steroids is always made on an individual basis. Your doctor will consider your age, your overall health, and other drugs you are taking. Your doctor also will make sure you understand the potential benefits and risks of steroids before you start taking them.",
        "Are biologics used before surgery for rheumatoid arthritis?": "Biologics are commonly discontinued prior to surgery until wounds have healed and infection risk has passed.",
        "What medications are used to treat Sj\u00f6gren's syndrome?": "Mild pain-relieving medications including acetaminophen (Tylenol), Aleve or Motrin can reduce muscle or joint pain. Two prescription drugs, Evoxac and Salagen, stimulate saliva production and may relieve the dry mouth symptoms. In some patients, the anti-rheumatic drug Plaquenil has been beneficial in decreasing pain and salivary gland swelling.",
        "What are the most common side effects of Humira?": "In addition to pain at the injection site, the most common side effects with Humira are upper respiratory infection (including sinus infection), headache, rash, nausea, and back pain.",
        "Do doctors treat pannus in rheumatoid arthritis with biologics?": "Yes. Because pannus is a sign of more serious, long-standing RA, your doctor might skip first-line treatments with over-the-counter non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs like ibuprofen and naproxen and start you on prescription meds.",
        "What types of biologic drugs are given as infusions to treat rheumatoid arthritis (RA)?": "Biologic drugs for rheumatoid arthritis (RA) that come as infusions include:",
        "Can rheumatoid arthritis cause numbness or tingling?": "RA sometimes affects the small nerves in your hands or feet. They might feel numb or like you\u2019re being stuck with pins and needles.",
        "What are the treatments for trigger finger?": "Your doctor might recommend treating trigger finger with rest, splints, exercises, anti-inflammatory pills, and steroid shots. If these methods don't work, and your trigger finger prevents you from doing the things you normally do, you and your doctor might suggest surgery.",
        "What biologic treats IL-1 or IL-6 in relation to rheumatoid arthritis?": "IL-1 or IL-6 are inflammatory chemicals your body makes. Anakinra (Kineret) blocks IL-1. Sarilumab (Kevzara) and tocilizumab (Actemra) blocks IL-6.",
        "Are biologic drugs used to treat rheumatoid arthritis?": "Biologic drugs are one type of medicine doctors use to treat moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis (RA). They work on your immune system to ease inflammation and damage in your joints."
    },
    "Schizophrenia": {
        "What happens during a psychotic episode for people with schizophrenia?": "During a psychotic episode, your loved one with schizophrenia may not know what\u2019s real and what isn\u2019t. They could see and hear things that aren\u2019t there (hallucinations) or believe something is controlling their thoughts (delusions). They might think that you\u2019re plotting against them.",
        "What should I do if I think someone I know may have schizophrenia?": "If you think someone you know may have schizophrenia, reach out to your doctor or psychiatrist. Tell them what you have noticed and ask them what steps you should take, especially if the person isn\u2019t interested in getting help.",
        "How long does brief psychotic disorder usually last?": "Brief psychotic disorder, by definition, lasts for less than 1 month, after which most people recover fully. It\u2019s rare, but for some people, it may happen more than once. If symptoms last for more than 6 months, doctors may consider a possible diagnosis of schizophrenia.",
        "What can help get someone's life back on track who has brief psychotic order?": "Early diagnosis and treatment can help get the person's life, family, and other relationships back on track as quickly as possible.",
        "What are disorganized symptoms of schizophrenia?": "Disorganized symptoms of schizophrenia are a type of positive symptom that reflects the person's inability to think clearly and respond appropriately. Examples of disorganized symptoms include:",
        "What medications are used to treat schizophrenia?": "The primary medications used to treat schizophrenia are called antipsychotics. These drugs do not cure schizophrenia but help relieve the most troubling symptoms, including delusions, hallucinations, and thinking problems. Older medications (commonly referred to as \"first generation\"), newer (\"atypical\" or second generation) drugs, and even newer atypical antipsychotics may be prescribed.",
        "What are the symptoms of substance-induced psychotic disorder?": "Substance-induced psychotic disorder is a condition is caused by the use of or withdrawal from drugs, such as hallucinogens and crack cocaine, that cause hallucinations, delusions, or confused speech.",
        "What medications are used to treat schizoaffective disorder?": "The medication you need can depend on whether you have, along with schizophrenia, depression or bipolar disorder. Usually, doctors will prescribe anti-psychotics first. All anti-psychotic drugs likely can help treat schizoaffective disorder, but paliperidone extended release (Invega) is the only drug that the FDA has specifically approved for schizoaffective disorder. For mood-related symptoms, you may get an antidepressants or a mood stabilizer such as lithium. You\u2019ll often get that along with an antipsychotic medication.",
        "How can you recover from delusional disorder?": "Delusional disorder is usually a long-term condition. But with proper treatment, many people can find relief from their symptoms. Some people recover fully. Other can have episodes of delusions and periods of remission.",
        "What is jealous delusional disorder?": "Delusional disorder is when someone can\u2019t differentiate the real and imaginary apart. The disorder has several types, based on the main theme of the delusions. A person with jealous delusional disorder believes that their spouse or sexual partner is unfaithful.",
        "What is somatic delusional disorder?": "Delusional disorder is when someone can\u2019t differentiate the real and imaginary apart. The disorder has several types, based on the main theme of the delusions. A person with somatic delusional disorder believes that they have a physical defect or medical problem.",
        "What is persecutory delusional disorder?": "Delusional disorder is when someone can\u2019t the real and imaginary apart. The disorder has several types, based on the main theme of the delusions. People with persecutory delusional disorder believe that they or someone close to them are being mistreated, or that someone is spying on them or planning to harm them. They may make repeated complaints to legal authorities.",
        "What is grandiose delusional disorder?": "Delusional disorder is when someone can\u2019t differentiate the real and imaginary apart. The disorder has several types, based on the main theme of the delusions. A person with grandiose delusional disorder has an over-inflated sense of worth, power, knowledge, or identity. The person might believe they have a great talent or has made an important discovery.",
        "What is erotomanic delusional disorder?": "Delusional disorder is when someone can\u2019t the real and imaginary apart. The disorder has several types, based on the main theme of the delusions. Someone with erotomanic delusional disorder believes that another person, often someone important or famous, is in love with them. The person might attempt to contact the object of the delusion, and stalking behavior is not uncommon.",
        "What is the role of dopamine in schizophrenia?": "People who have schizophrenia may hear voices or see things that aren\u2019t real. Dopamine gets a lot of attention in brain research because it\u2019s been linked to addiction. It also plays a role in other psychiatric and movement disorders, like Parkinson\u2019s disease.",
        "What are your chances of getting schizophrenia?": "They do know that you\u2019re more likely to get schizophrenia if someone in your family has it. If it\u2019s a parent, brother, or sister, your chances go up by 10%. If both your parents have it, you have a 40% chance of getting it, too.",
        "Are people with schizophrenia dangerous?": "Most people with schizophrenia are not violent. They typically prefer to withdraw and be left alone. But sometimes people with mental illness may do dangerous or violent things, often as a result of losing touch with reality and from feelings of being threatened in some way by their surroundings.",
        "Does electroconvulsive therapy help schizophrenia?": "Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a procedure in which electrodes are attached to the person's scalp and, while asleep under general anesthesia, a small electric shock is delivered to the brain. Each shock treatment causes a controlled seizure, and a series of treatments over time leads to improvement in mood and thinking. Some researchers think that ECT-induced seizures may affect the release of neurotransmitters in the brain. ECT is sometimes helpful when medications fail or if severe depression or catatonia makes treating schizophrenia difficult.",
        "What are the side effects of antipsychotics for schizophrenia?": "Older antipsychotics can affect sex drive, mood, and menstrual cycles. Newer ones can cause weight gain and trouble controlling blood sugar and cholesterol.",
        "What can trigger schizophrenia?": "A viral infection, extensive exposure to toxins like marijuana, or highly stressful situations may trigger schizophrenia in people who have inherited a tendency to develop the disorder. It tends to surface when the body is undergoing hormonal and physical changes, such as during the teen and young adult years.",
        "What are the subtypes of schizophrenia?": "At one time, doctors classified schizophrenia based on distinct subtypes, including:",
        "Can schizophrenia be cured?": "Schizophrenia is a life-long disease that cannot be cured, but it can be controlled with proper treatment. The goal is to reduce the symptoms and to decrease the chances of a relapse, or return of symptoms.",
        "What are the different types of antipsychotic medication for schizophrenia?": "There are 2 groups of antipsychotics. Doctors call the older group of medications first-generation, typical, or conventional antipsychotics. Some common ones are:"
    },
    "Sexual Conditions": {
        "Can you treat an STD at home?": "Don't try to treat a sexually transmitted disease yourself. They are contagious and serious. You must see a doctor.",
        "Can you treat an STD by yourself?": "Sexually transmitted diseases, or STDs, are contagious and serious. You must see a doctor.",
        "How can a yeast infection cause a rash on your penis?": "A painful rash and redness on the underside or tip (head) of your penis can signal a yeast infection. Yeast is a common fungus, but when it grows too much, it can cause problems. A number of things can cause it to multiply, like humid conditions or if you have a weak immune system. Certain antibiotics can kill the bacteria that normally keep yeast growth in check, leading to a yeast infection.",
        "How can sexually transmitted diseases cause a rash on your penis?": "If you have sex with someone who has an infection or disease on their genitals, you can get it, too. Common STDs that might cause you to develop a rash on your penis include:",
        "Are there different types of ejaculation disorders?": "There are three:",
        "What happens if chlamydia is not treated in women?": "If left untreated, chlamydia infection in women can cause pelvic inflammatory disease, which can damage the fallopian tubes or even cause infertility. Untreated chlamydia infection could also increase the risk of ectopic pregnancy. It may cause premature births and the infection can be passed along from the mother to their child during childbirth, causing an eye infection, blindness, or pneumonia in the newborn.",
        "What happens if chlamydia is not treated in men?": "Untreated chlamydia in men can cause a condition called nongonococcal urethritis (NGU) -- an infection of the urethra (the tube by which men and women pass urine). It can also cause epididymitis -- an infection of the epididymis (the tube that carries sperm away from the testes), or proctitis -- an inflammation of the rectum.",
        "How can you tell if chlamydia is cured?": "After taking antibiotics, people should be re-tested after three months to be sure the infection is cured. This is particularly important if you are unsure that your partner(s) obtained treatment. But testing should still take place even if your partner has been treated. Do not have sex until you are sure both you and your partner no longer have the disease.",
        "How can you prevent vaginitis?": "To prevent vaginitis:",
        "How do you know if you have a yeast infection or bacterial vaginosis?": "Two of the most common causes are related to organisms that live in your vagina. They can have very similar symptoms. Yeast infections are an overgrowth of the yeast that you normally have in your body. Bacterial vaginosis happens when the balance of bacteria is thrown off. With both conditions, you may notice white or grayish discharge. How can you tell them apart? If there's a fishy smell, bacterial vaginosis is a better guess. If your discharge looks like cottage cheese, a yeast infection may be to blame. That's also more likely to cause itching and burning, though bacterial vaginosis might make you itchy, too. And you could have both at the same time.",
        "What causes non-infectious vaginitis?": "Sometimes itching, burning, and even discharge happen without an infection. Most often, it's an allergic reaction to or irritation from products such as:",
        "What are home remedies for painful intercourse?": "Applying lubricating gels to the outer sexual organs, including the vulva and labia, and in the vagina, may be helpful to women and ease pain during intercourse. Intercourse position changes may also help. Sex toys, such as vibrators, may also be useful. Talk to your doctor before attempting to use a vaginal dilator.",
        "When should you call your doctor about vaginal infections and vaginitis?": "You should call your doctor when:",
        "What is voyeurism?": "This disorder involves achieving sexual arousal by watching an unsuspecting and non-consenting person undress or engage in sexual activity. The voyeur doesn't seek sexual contact with the person they're observing.",
        "What is pedophilia?": "People with pedophilia have fantasies, urges, or behaviors that involve illegal sexual activity with a child or children. The children involved are generally 13 or younger.",
        "How can contact dermatitis cause a rash on your penis?": "This red, itchy rash happens when an outside substance irritates your skin. Common culprits are chemicals in soap, cologne, detergent, or even spermicide. An outbreak usually develops within a few minutes to a couple of hours after contact. It\u2019s not contagious, but can linger for up to a month. If you develop a rash, think of any new products you might have used recently. Stop using them to see if your symptoms improve.",
        "When should you call your doctor about a rash on your penis?": "Even if you don\u2019t think it\u2019s something serious, a rash on your penis can affect your health in different ways. See your doctor right away if you have the following symptoms:",
        "How can a drug rash appear on your penis?": "Certain medications can trigger a rash. You might be allergic, or it could be a side effect of the medication. Anti-inflammatory medications, antibiotics, and pain relievers like Tylenol can cause what doctors call \u201cfixed drug eruptions.\u201d These affect the genitals and can cause swollen, red plaques with a gray center. They can also cause blisters and dark areas that appear once the inflammation goes away. The type of reaction you have, how soon it shows up, and how severe it is depend on the medication.",
        "What causes retrograde ejaculation?": "Retrograde ejaculation is common in males with diabetes who have diabetic neuropathy (nerve damage). This is because of problems with the nerves in the bladder and the bladder neck that let the ejaculate flow backward and into the bladder.",
        "What are the different types of vaginitis?": "Doctors refer to the various conditions that cause an infection or inflammation of the vagina as \"vaginitis.\" The most common kinds are:",
        "What causes painful intercourse in men?": "Painful intercourse in men usually has physical causes such as:"
    },
    "Sexual Health": {},
    "Shingles": {
        "Does the vaccine help prevent shingles?": "The CDC suggests getting the shingles vaccine Shingrix (RZV) if you're a healthy adult ages 50 or older. It was approved in 2017 and has been found to be more than 90% effective effective in preventing shingles and the complications caused by the disease. Even if you've already had shingles, the CDC says the vaccine can help prevent a second round of it. Shingrix is preferred over an earlier vaccine, Zostavax. You should also get it if you have previously had had the Zostravax vaccine.",
        "How often does shingles return?": "Experts don't know exactly how many people get shingles more than once. They do know it comes back more often in people with weakened immune systems.",
        "Does shingles come back in the same place?": "Shingles is likely to return in a different part of your body. In general, the rash is most common on the torso or face, so if you've had it on the right side of your stomach, it might come back on the left side - or on your face, chest, neck, or back.",
        "When should I see a doctor about shingles?": "See your doctor at the first sign of shingles. Getting treated early can help it go away faster and may help you avoid related problems. For instance, shingles on the face can cause hearing or sight problems, including blindness. Early treatment can also help prevent or ease pain.",
        "Is shingles contagious?": "Yes. You can spread the virus that causes it (and chickenpox) to people who\u2019ve never had chickenpox and haven\u2019t been vaccinated for shingles.",
        "What is varicella zoster?": "Varicella zoster is a virus. It causes chickenpox, also called varicella and shingles, called herpes zoster.",
        "Who gets shingles?": "Things that make it more likely include:",
        "Who should not get the shingles vaccine?": "You shouldn\u2019t get the shingles vaccine if:",
        "Who should get the shingles vaccine?": "It\u2019s approved for people as young as 50. The CDC recommends it for everyone 60 and older who doesn\u2019t have a medical reason to skip it.",
        "What should I know about the shingles vaccine?": "The shingles vaccine Shingrix (RZV) can roughly cut by more than 90%your chances of getting shingles, a painful skin rash caused by the same virus that causes chickenpox. It is prefered over Zostavax, an earlier vaccine, which is about 50% effective in peopl 60 years or older.",
        "Do I still need the shingles vaccine if I've had chickenpox in the past?": "Yes. The virus stays inactive in your body long after you\u2019ve had chickenpox and can flare up as shingles.",
        "Is it OK to exercise when you have shingles?": "Do gentle exercises, such as walking or stretching. Light activity can help take your mind off the pain. Keep it simple though, and check with your doctor if you\u2019re trying something new.",
        "Are cold compresses good for shingles?": "Run a washcloth under cool water and place it on your blisters for about 20 minutes at a time. Not only can this relieve itching, it also keeps your blisters clean. That helps you avoid a skin infection.",
        "What can you do to relieve shingles symptoms?": "You can\u2019t make an outbreak of shingles go away any faster, but you can find relief from the pain and itching that the rash causes and make yourself more comfortable.",
        "Will my shingles come back?": "If you've had shingles once, you probably won\u2019t get it again.",
        "Who is most likely to get shingles again?": "You're more likely to get shingles again if:",
        "What over-the-counter medications can treat shingles?": "Shingles causes inflammation and pain. Your doctor can suggest over-the-counter medicines to relieve milder discomfort. They include:",
        "Who shouldn't get the shingles vaccine?": "Don\u2019t get the Shingrix vaccine if:",
        "Should I still get the shingles vaccine if I've already had shingles?": "Yes. It may help prevent you having another bout of shingles later on. If you have shingles right now, you should  wait until the rash is gone before you get vaccinated.",
        "What other prescriptions can treat shingles?": "If you have severe pain after the rash clears or an infection during your shingles outbreak, your doctor might prescribe:",
        "What are the side effects of the shingles vaccine?": "The most common side effects with Shingrix include pain and swelling where you got the shot, muscle pain, tiredness, headache, chills, fever, and stomach troubles. With any vaccine there is a chance of a severe allergic reaction. Also since  Zostavax is a live virus vaccine, it is also possible to get a small chicken-pox like rash around the spot where you got the shot.",
        "How are antiviral medications used to treat shingles?": "These medicines may slow down the progress of the shingles rash, especially if you take them within the first 72 hours of having symptoms. They can also lower your chance of having complications. Your doctor may prescribe:",
        "Do I still need the shingles vaccine if I've never had chickenpox?": "Yes, you do. Shingrix recommended for everyone age 50 and older, whether or not you remember having had chickenpox, because most people have been exposed to the virus.",
        "How are shingles or chickenpox diagnosed?": "Doctors use two types of tests to diagnose chickenpox or shingles:"
    },
    "Skin Problems and Treatments": {
        "Do chigger bites get better on their own?": "Chigger bites usually get better on their own, but if yours are still bothering you after a few days, see your doctor. In rare cases, you may need steroid shots to calm itching and swelling. Your doctor may also ask you to take antibiotics if your bites become infected.",
        "How can chigger bites affect men?": "If you're a guy and you get a chigger bite in your groin area, you could get a condition known as \"summer penile syndrome.\" It causes swelling, itching, and trouble peeing. This can last for a few days to a few weeks.",
        "Where do chiggers live?": "You can travel across the globe, but you can't escape these pests. Chiggers live in every country. Their favorite spots are moist, grassy areas like fields, forests, and even your lawn. You can also find them near lakes and streams.",
        "Why do chiggers bite?": "To a chigger, those cells they use their saliva to liquefy are food. When they get on you, they can stay attached to your skin for several days while they eat.",
        "What is the home treatment for carbuncles?": "Warm compresses may promote the drainage and healing of carbuncles. Washing the carbuncle and covering the area with a sterile bandage also may promote drainage and healing and help prevent the infection from spreading. Over-the-counter medications such as acetaminophen or ibuprofen can help relieve the pain of an inflamed carbuncle.",
        "How can I use tea tree oil to treat athlete's foot at home?": "This oil comes from the leaves of a tree that grows in Australia. Because it can kill some types of bacteria and fungus, people have used it as a home remedy for many years.",
        "What are hives?": "Urticaria, also known as hives, is an outbreak of swollen, pale red bumps or plaques on the skin that appear suddenly -- either as a result of the body's reaction to certain allergens, or for unknown reasons.",
        "How can you treat itchy hands and feet?": "Ointments, creams, and lotions can help when dry skin is to blame. If those don\u2019t keep you from scratching, talk to your doctor to figure out what\u2019s right for you.",
        "How does psoriatic arthritis develop?": "Everyone with psoriatic arthritis has both skin and joints affected, at some point. Most people have recognized psoriasis, followed by arthritis. In about 15% of people with psoriatic arthritis, the arthritis comes first, with no initial skin involvement. Another 15% with psoriatic arthritis have skin lesions diagnosed at the same time as arthritis, but don\u2019t recognize them as psoriasis.",
        "Who can diagnose psoriatic arthritis?": "If a doctor finds typical X-ray findings of psoriatic arthritis, psoriasis on the skin, and no other type of arthritis, it\u2019s enough to make the diagnosis in most people with psoriatic arthritis. A rheumatologist (joint specialist) may be the most qualified to make the diagnosis of psoriatic arthritis.",
        "What are the symptoms of psoriatic arthritis?": "The symptoms of psoriatic arthritis include:",
        "What is ecchymosis?": "Ecchymosis is the medical term for a type of bruise. This dark purple spot forms on your skin when blood leaks out of your blood vessels into the top layer of your skin.",
        "Can I spread warts from one part of my body to another?": "Yes, you can. For this reason, it is important not to pick at your warts and to wash your hands promptly and thoroughly any time you touch one of your warts. If you have warts in an area where you shave, keep in mind that shaving over the wart could transfer the virus to the razor and then spread it to other areas of your body.",
        "Why do some warts have black dots in them?": "If you look closely, many skin warts contain a number of black dots that resemble little seeds. These specks are visible blood vessels that are supplying the wart with nutrients and oxygen.",
        "What causes mouth ulcers?": "Certain conditions, such as celiac disease (an immune reaction eating gluten) or Crohn\u2019s (a bowel disease that causes inflammation), can give you mouth ulcers. They can also be caused by trauma, sensitivity to foods with lots of acid, changes in your hormone levels, or not enough vitamins.",
        "Is hereditary angioedema different for women?": "Women with HAE may notice a difference in the number or sharpness of attacks when they:",
        "What can swelling in your belly from hereditary angioedema (HAE) cause?": "Swelling in your intestine from hereditary angioedema (HAE) can cause:",
        "What can trigger hereditary angioedema?": "Common triggers of hereditary angioedema (HAE) include:",
        "What might your doctor ask about if you have symptoms of hereditary angioedema (HAE)?": "If you've had symptoms of hereditary angioedema (HAE), your doctor may ask:",
        "What causes contact dermatitis on the scalp?": "A scalp that turns red, itches, and flakes after you wash it could be contact dermatitis. This allergic reaction happens when you use certain shampoos, soaps, or other products in your hair. If you dye your hair black, dermatitis may be a reaction to the chemical PPD in the hair dye.",
        "How are oral antifungal agents used to treat skin conditions?": "Oral antifungal drugs include fluconazole and itraconazole. These drugs can be used to treat more severe fungal infections. Terbinafine is an oral antifungal medicine that may be used to treat fungal infections of the nails.",
        "How are antiviral agents used to treat skin conditions?": "Common antiviral agents include acyclovir (Zovirax), famciclovir (Famvir), and valacyclovir (Valtrex). Antiviral treatments are used for skin conditions including those related to herpes and shingles.",
        "How can psoriatic arthritis vary?": "Psoriatic arthritis varies in severity. In some people, psoriatic arthritis causes mild aches and pains. Others are affected more severely. Psoriatic arthritis can be destructive to joints and even cause deformities or disability. In this aspect, psoriatic arthritis is similar to rheumatoid arthritis, although usually milder.",
        "What characteristics of psoriatic arthritis can help identify aggressive cases?": "Certain characteristics of psoriatic arthritis can help identify aggressive cases:",
        "What is the preferred treatment for aggressive psoriatic arthritis?": "In people with joint damage or signs of aggressive psoriatic arthritis, disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs are the preferred treatment. Psoriatic arthritis can be deceptive. Sometimes, psoriatic arthritis is only mildly painful, even when it\u2019s destructive. If you have symptoms of psoriatic arthritis, see your doctor. Close follow-up and conscientious treatment could slow the process of joint damage."
    },
    "Sleep Apnea": {
        "What does a CPAP machine do?": "These machines use a mask that fits over your nose, or nose and mouth. It blows air at a pressure that keeps your airway open during sleep.",
        "What if CPAP doesn't work for my sleep apnea?": "Oral appliances fitted by a dentist or orthodontist may be an option, including:",
        "What is the best treatment for sleep apnea?": "That depends on a number of things, including the severity of your problem, the physical structure of your upper airway, other medical problems you may have, as well as your personal preference. You should work with your doctor or sleep specialist to select the best option for you.",
        "Does CPAP have side effects?": "Side effects of CPAP use are usually minor and may include:",
        "What's the difference between a BiPAP and a CPAP?": "Both the BiPAP and CPAP deliver air pressure when you breathe in and breathe out. But a BiPAP delivers higher air pressure when you breathe in. The CPAP, on the other hand, delivers the same amount of pressure at all times. So the BiPAP makes it easier to breathe out than the CPAP."
    },
    "Sleep Disorders": {
        "Are headaches linked to oversleeping?": "For some people who are likely to get headaches, sleeping longer than usual on a weekend or vacation can cause head pain. Researchers believe this is due to the effect oversleeping has on certain neurotransmitters in the brain, including serotonin. People who sleep too much during the day and disrupt their nighttime sleep may also find themselves getting headaches in the morning.",
        "What causes nightmares in adults?": "They can happen randomly, and there can be a lot of things that affect whether you have a nightmare. Some people have them after a late-night snack. Some meds are known to make nightmares more likely. And withdrawal from medications and substances, including alcohol and tranquilizers, may trigger nightmares. Sleep deprivation is another cause. There are also psychological triggers, and some sleep disorders are causes, too.",
        "How are antidepressants used to treat insomnia?": "Some antidepressant drugs, such as trazodone (Desyrel), are particularly effective in treating sleeplessness and anxiety.",
        "What are nightmares?": "Nightmares are vividly realistic, disturbing dreams that wake you up from a deep sleep. They can be really scary. Nightmares tend to occur most often during rapid eye movement (REM) sleep, when most dreaming takes place. Everyone is different, but some common nightmares that many people have, like not being able to run fast enough to escape danger or about falling from a great height. If you've gone through a traumatic event, such as an attack or accident, you may have recurrent nightmares about that experience.",
        "What is blue light?": "Blue light has the most power among the spectrum of visible lights to affect your internal sleep-wake body clock called circadian rhythm.",
        "How does blue light hurt your sleep?": "Exposure to all colors of light helps control your natural sleep and wake cycle, or circadian rhythm. More than any other color, blue light messes with your body\ufffds ability to wind down for sleep by blocking production of hormone called melatonin that makes you sleepy.",
        "How is narcolepsy treated?": "Although there's no cure, there are medications to help with the most disabling symptoms. Lifestyle changes such as avoiding caffeine, alcohol, nicotine, and heavy meals; managing sleep schedules, scheduling daytime naps (10-15 minutes in length), and establishing a normal exercise and meal schedule may also help to curb symptoms.",
        "What is insomnia?": "Insomnia is a sleep disorder. People who have it have one or more of these symptoms:",
        "What should you do if you get leg cramps?": "Next time a leg cramp strikes, try any of these:",
        "What do leg cramps feel like and how long do they last?": "The tight, knotted sensation you feel lasts several seconds to several minutes. Sometimes the pain lingers. If the cramp is severe, your muscle may be sore for days afterward.",
        "What causes leg cramps?": "Experts don\u2019t know for sure, but it may be that your nerves sent the wrong signals to your muscles.",
        "Can I take sleeping pills when I'm pregnant?": "Ideally, all medications (including over-the-counter medications) should be avoided during pregnancy. Some drugs can hurt the developing baby. However, there are some medications that are considered safe to take during pregnancy and that might help you sleep better. Always talk to your doctor before taking any kinds of drugs. This includes over-the-counter drugs, herbs and dietary supplements.",
        "When should you talk to a doctor for leg cramps?": "If you have frequent and severe leg cramps, talk to your doctor. You'll want to make sure there's not a health problem causing the cramps.",
        "How are leg cramps prevented?": "Here are some simple things you can do:",
        "What is the Inspire device, and how can it help with sleep apnea?": "An implanted device called Inspire. This device, called an upper airway stimulator, consists of a small pulse generator placed under the skin in the upper chest. A wire is placed in the chest wall muscles, between the ribs. Another wire is inserted under the chin and delivers mild stimulation to nerves that control airway muscles, keeping them open.",
        "How does potassium help prevent leg cramps?": "And that old advice about eating bananas for leg cramps? It\u2019s true. The potassium helps. You might also add multivitamins with magnesium and zinc",
        "What are side effects of melatonin?": "While melatonin generally brings fewer side effects than other sleep medicines, you could still have:",
        "Are nightmares bad for you?": "People who are anxious or depressed are more likely to be distressed about their nightmares. If you get nightmares a lot, tell your doctor. If your nightmares are a symptom of untreated sleep apnea or PTSD, you'll want to treat those conditions, which may help you have more restful sleep.",
        "What medications can cause leg cramps?": "Certain medications can also cause leg cramps. These include:",
        "What happens to your breathing when you sleep?": "During non-REM sleep (about 80% of an adult\u2019s sleeping time), you breathe slowly and regularly. But during REM sleep, your breathing rate goes up again. That\u2019s the time we typically dream. Breathing also becomes more shallow and less regular during this sleep phase. Some of it may be due to throat muscles relaxing or to less movement of your rib cage during REM sleep. Whenever you\u2019re sleeping, your oxygen levels are lower and your carbon dioxide levels are higher because your level of breathing goes slightly down.",
        "What are the most common sources of blue light?": "Sunlight is the biggest source of blue light. Indoor sources of blue light include:",
        "What are some ways to block or avoid blue light for sleep?": "You can minimize the amount of blue light you get. Ways include:",
        "What are nocturnal leg cramps?": "Nocturnal leg cramps are sudden, involuntary contractions, usually from your calf muscles, during the night or when you rest. They may last from a few seconds to 10 minutes, but the pain from them can last longer."
    },
    "Smoking Cessation": {
        "What happens to my body after 3-9 months of not smoking?": "At this point, you can take deeper, clearer breaths. Instead of hacking, you cough in a helpful way that actually clears things out. That helps you get fewer colds and other illnesses. You\u2019ll also have more energy.",
        "How can laser therapy help when you quit smoking?": "This works like acupuncture, but instead of needles, it uses low-level lasers that won\u2019t hurt your skin. Studies haven\u2019t confirmed that it works.",
        "How can acupuncture help me quit smoking?": "This might work if you\u2019ve had side effects from other quitting methods. A trained practitioner uses thin metal needles to stimulate pressure points on your body. Spots on your ears, in particular, seem to boost brain chemicals that help curb your desire to smoke. Studies haven\u2019t confirmed that it works for this purpose. You\u2019ll need several sessions, and you\u2019ll want to check on whether your insurance covers it.",
        "How does nicotine withdrawal affect your mind?": "It's different for everybody. But you'll probably deal with some or all of the following:",
        "What are the late-phase symptoms of nicotine poisoning?": "The late-phase symptoms of nicotine poisoning happen 30 minutes to 4 hours later, and include:",
        "What are the early symptoms of nicotine poisoning?": "The early symptoms of nicotine poisoning show up within the first 15 minutes to an hour, and include:",
        "How fast after I quit smoking will my body start to change?": "Here\u2019s what you can expect after you finish your last cigarette:",
        "Can you test positive for nicotine if you don't use tobacco?": "It\u2019s possible for people who don\u2019t use tobacco to test positive for a low level of nicotine if they\u2019ve been around tobacco smoke.",
        "What happens to my body after 2-3 weeks of not smoking?": "Your lungs are stronger and clearer, and your blood flow has improved. You can exercise without getting as winded. And your risk of a heart attack goes down even more. You\u2019ve also made it through the hardest part of withdrawal.",
        "Are cigars safer than cigarettes?": "Cigar smokers often wave off worries that smoking is bad for their health. They claim their habit is harmless and perpetuate the common misperception that cigars are somehow safer than cigarettes. Yet research shows cigasmoking still increases your risk for cancer more than not smokers and puts you more at risk for oral cancer.",
        "How does nicotine withdrawal affect your body?": "It depends on how long and how many packs a day you smoked. You can expect:",
        "How long does nicotine stay in your system?": "Generally, nicotine leaves your blood 1-3 days after you stop using tobacco, and cotinine (something your body makes after nicotine enters it) will be gone after 1-10 days."
    },
    "Stress Management": {
        "When might you want to see a specialist about stress?": "Sometimes you may feel like you have too much stress to handle. If you think you just can\u2019t cope any longer, you may want to seek help from a specialist. Talk to your primary care doctor to see if they can help you determine whether what you\u2019re experiencing is stress or an anxiety disorder.",
        "Can stress impact your heart rate and blood pressure?": "Yes. When you\u2019re overwhelmed with stress, your body goes into \u201cfight-or-flight\u201d mode, which triggers your adrenal glands to release the hormones cortisol and adrenaline. These can make your heart beat faster and your blood pressure rise.",
        "When should you get help with stress?": "If you\u2019re struggling with stress and don\u2019t know how to cope, you may want to seek help from a specialist. Your primary care doctor can be a good starting point. They can help you figure out if the signs and symptoms you\u2019re experiencing are from a medical issue or an anxiety disorder.",
        "What are signs it is time to get help with stress?": "Some of the signs it\u2019s time to get help:",
        "What are psychological and emotional signs of stress?": "Some of the psychological and emotional signs that you\u2019re stressed out include:",
        "When should you call 911 about stress?": "If your stress has gotten to the point that you\u2019re thinking of hurting yourself or someone else, go to the nearest emergency room or call 911. You can also call one of the free suicide prevention helplines, including the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 800-273-8255. You don\u2019t need to give your name.",
        "What are the consequences of long-term stress?": "A little stress every now and then is not something to be concerned about. Ongoing, chronic stress, however, can cause or exacerbate many serious health problems, including:",
        "What are the cognitive symptoms of stress?": "Cognitive symptoms of stress include:",
        "What are symptoms of stress?": "Stress symptoms vary greatly from one person to the next, but the most universal sign of stress is a feeling of being pressured or overwhelmed.",
        "What is positive versus negative stress?": "Stress can be positive or negative, depending on the situation. Positive stressors (called eustress) may include an upcoming wedding, the holidays, or pregnancy. On the other hand, negative stress (called distress) results in the full-blown stress response. If continuous, negative stress can lead to loss of productivity, health problems, and exhaustion.",
        "Where can you get help if you're stressed?": "Stress is a part of life. What matters most is how you handle it. The best thing you can do to prevent stress overload and the health consequences that come with it is to know your stress symptoms. If you or a loved one is feeling overwhelmed by stress, talk to your doctor. Many symptoms of stress can also be signs of other health problems. Your doctor can evaluate your symptoms and rule out other conditions. If stress is to blame, your doctor can recommend a therapist or counselor to help you better handle your stress.",
        "What are the behavioral symptoms of stress?": "Behavioral symptoms of stress include:",
        "What are some examples of good stress?": "Sometimes you can feel stressed for a short period of time. Usually it\u2019s nothing to worry about. Like when you need to hand in a project, or you have to talk in front of a group of people. Maybe you feel \u201cbutterflies\u201d in your stomach and the palms of your hands get sweaty.",
        "What are ways to deal with stress?": "We all have our own ways of dealing with everyday stress, like getting a little more sleep, working out, or maybe even just blowing off some steam with friends. Stress can make you miserable, but it\u2019s usually manageable.",
        "What happens when stress becomes chronic?": "Chronic stress can do real harm to your body, and cause emotional and physical problems, including:"
    },
    "Stroke": {
        "What causes hemorrhagic strokes?": "Hemorrhagic strokes happen when there's bleeding in your brain that damages nearby cells. The most common causes are:",
        "Which drugs are used to break up blood clots?": "The most commonly used clot-busting drugs -- also known as thrombolytic agents -- include:"
    },
    "Substance Abuse and Addiction": {
        "Does seeing a counselor or therapist help with alcohol use disorder?": "With alcohol use disorder, controlling your drinking is only part of the answer. You also need to learn new skills and strategies to use in everyday life. Psychologists, social workers, or alcohol counselors can teach you how to:",
        "What are the effects of taking crystal meth?": "Effects of crystal meth include:",
        "How does crystal meth make you feel?": "The powerful rush people get from using meth causes many to get hooked right from the start. When it's used, a chemical called dopamine floods the parts of the brain that regulate feelings of pleasure. Users also feel confident and energetic.",
        "What are the signs someone is using crystal meth?": "Signs of crystal meth use include:",
        "Where does crystal meth come from?": "Methamphetamine is a man-made stimulant that's been around for a long time. Crystal meth is made with the ingredient pseudoephedrine, which is found in many cold medicines. It helps ease congestion. Because it's used to make meth, the federal government closely regulates products with this ingredient. Most of the crystal meth used in this country comes from Mexican \u201csuperlabs.\u201d But there are many small labs in the U. S.",
        "How does cocaine work?": "The drug sends high levels of dopamine, a natural chemical messenger in your body, into the parts of your brain that control pleasure. This buildup causes intense feelings of energy and alertness.",
        "How is cocaine addiction treated?": "Counseling and other types of therapy are the most common treatments for cocaine addiction. You may need to stay in a rehabilitation center (or rehab). Sessions with a trained therapist can help you make changes to your behavior and thought processes. Medical detox centers can help your body adjust to treatment, but you\u2019ll probably have to pay for them out of your own pocket. Most insurers don\u2019t cover hospitalization for withdrawal anymore. No medicines are approved to treat cocaine addiction.",
        "What are the signs of a cocaine overdose?": "Physical signs include:",
        "What are the symptoms of cocaine withdrawal?": "Symptoms can include:",
        "What can a cocaine overdose lead to?": "An overdose often leads to a stroke or heart attack. An ER doctor will test for those conditions and try to treat them first. They may also use medication to treat other complications you have.",
        "What are examples of stimulants?": "Examples of stimulants are dextroamphetamine (Dexedrine, Dextrostat, ProCentra), lisdexamfetamine (Vyvanse), methylphenidate (Concerta, Daytrana, Methylin, Ritalin), and the combination of amphetamine and dextroamphetamine (Adderall). Stimulants were first used to treat asthma and obesity. Today, they're also prescribed to treat problems such as ADHD, ADD, depression, narcolepsy, and other problems.",
        "What makes some people more likely to get addicted to prescription drugs?": "Your biology, social environment, and age or stage of growth seem to affect how likely you are to get addicted. The more risks you have, the greater the chance that taking drugs can lead to addiction. As an example, sometimes addictions run in families with a strong genetic link. Your social environment, including friends or colleagues, may also influence addiction. Equally important is your stage of growth. Studies show the earlier someone begins to abuse drugs, the greater the chances are that the addiction may lead to more serious problems.",
        "What are examples of opioid medications?": "Opioid medications includes codeine and morphine (Astramorph, Avinza, Kadian, MS Contin, Oramorph SR) and the following:",
        "How do benzodiazepines affect the central nervous system (CNS)?": "Benzodiazepines depress the central nervous system (CNS). Millions of people in the U.S. use them to treat anxiety and sleep disorders, including insomnia. These CNS depressants affect the brain neurotransmitter GABA (gamma-aminobutyric acid). GABA lowers brain activity, which makes you drowsy or calm.",
        "How do stimulants work on the brain and body?": "Stimulants give your body a fast jump-start, causing a great boost in alertness, energy, and attention. Stimulants raise heart rate, blood sugar, and blood pressure, constrict blood vessels, and open the pathways of the respiratory system.",
        "What are barbiturates?": "Barbiturates, including amobarbital (Amytal), pentobarbital (Nembutal), phenobarbital (Luminal), and secobarbital (Seconal), are central nervous system depressants. They are commonly used for anesthesia and are prescribed to treat seizures. At one time, they also commonly treated insomnia or anxiety on a short-term basis. But because of overdose dangers, benzodiazepines have largely replaced barbiturates for those purposes."
    },
    "Teen Boys": {
        "When do boys have a puberty growth spurt?": "A growth spurt means your body is changing more and more into a grown-up. The peak growth spurt for boys usually happens about 2 years after puberty starts.",
        "Why do my testicles shrink when I get cold?": "For your testicles to produce sperm, they must be kept at just the right temperature. As a result, scrotum will change size to make sure the testicles stay at that right temperature. This happens without you even thinking about it. So, when you are cold, your body sends a message to the scrotum to shrivel and preserve heat.",
        "Can I change my penis size?": "No. You can't change the size of your penis. Despite what you may hear, no exercises, vitamins, or diets can change the size of your penis or make it grow faster.",
        "What is a morning erection?": "An erection is when your penis fills with blood and becomes hard. A morning erection is an erection you wake up with in the morning. Morning erections are very common. In fact, most guys have about three to five erections each night while they sleep. They just don't know it.",
        "When does the penis grow?": "Your penis grows longer and wider during puberty. That's the time major changes occur in the body that make you look more like a man and less like a child. Most guys start puberty between ages 10 and 14. But, puberty happens at different times for everyone. You may have a penis that's grown to its full size as early as age 13 or as late as age 18.",
        "When does a penis stop growing?": "Your penis stops growing when you finish puberty. Exactly when that happens, though, varies from person to person. Everyone develops at a different pace. You may take longer than your friends or less time than them to finish puberty. But by 16, your body and its parts should be close to your adult size.",
        "What does penile discharge mean?": "Penile discharge is any unusual fluid that comes out of the penis that is not semen or urine. The discharge may be clear or yellowish green and may or may not have an odor. It depends on the cause of the discharge. Penile discharge is often a sign of an STD and should be looked at by a doctor.",
        "Is my penis size normal?": "There is no such thing as a \"normal\" penis size. The size of your penis depends on your genes, just like the size of your hands, feet, and eye color. Keep in mind, penis size has nothing to do with manliness or sexual ability.",
        "What are some problems with foreskin?": "Many uncircumcised guys don't have any problems with foreskin. However, some problems associated with foreskin in uncircumcised guys include:",
        "What causes painful or swollen testicles?": "Many things can cause painful or swollen testicles, including:",
        "Can you pee with an erection?": "It's almost impossible to pee with an erection, and it might be painful to try. Wait until the erection has calmed down."
    },
    "Teen Girls": {
        "What does a menstrual period feel like?": "A few days before and during your period, you might feel cramping and bloating in your abdomen. The cramps are caused by your body making more of certain hormones. These hormones (called prostaglandins) cause the muscles of the uterus to contract. You might also have lower back pain, nausea, diarrhea, irritability, headaches, and fatigue. But not everyone has those symptoms, and how bad it is can vary from person to person and month to month.",
        "Is vaginal discharge normal?": "It is when it's clear. The vagina is a mucus membrane. That means fluids are supposed to be there. And you may see a few spots on your underwear. Some women have more discharge than others. Being on the birth control pill can affect discharge."
    },
    "Teen Health": {
        "Why should teens not drink alcohol?": "There are many reasons for teens to wait until they're 21 to drink. That's because drinking can cause many problems:"
    },
    "Ulcerative Colitis": {
        "What is the treatment of microscopic colitis?": "Sometimes, microscopic colitis goes away on its own. If not, your doctor may suggest you take these steps:"
    },
    "Urinary Incontinence OAB": {
        "Which medications can cause bed-wetting in adults?": "Bed-wetting can happen to adults, too. You may leak urine because there\u2019s not enough room in your bladder. Or because your bladder muscles squeeze at the wrong times. Some drugs you take can irritate your bladder, such as sleeping pills or antipsychotics like:",
        "What conditions can cause bed-wetting in adults?": "Bed wetting can happen because your bladder doesn\u2019t have room to hold your urine, or because your bladder muscles squeeze when they shouldn\u2019t. Bladder cancer and prostate cancer can cause bed wetting. So can diseases of the brain and spine, such as a seizure disorder, multiple sclerosis, or Parkinson's disease. Some other possible causes are:",
        "How can Kegel exercises help your OAB?": "Over time, these help strengthen your pelvic floor muscles. They also build up the muscle that controls the flow of urine from your body. When it works like it should, it helps you to hold your pee until you can get to the bathroom. When it doesn't, you have leaks.",
        "What can treat skin problems related to urinary incontinence?": "When urine leaks and stays in contact with your skin, you can get rashes and even infections.",
        "How can tampons help with urinary incontinence?": "Some women may be able to use tampons and vaginal sponges to help prevent urine leaks. These devices can offer short-term continence control by applying pressure on the support tissues of the bladder. This helps keep urine from escaping. Tampons may work especially well for stress urinary incontinence, when coughs, sneezes, and other physical force makes your pee leak out.",
        "How can prostate problems cause frequent urination?": "An enlarged prostate can press against the urethra and block the flow of urine, which irritates the bladder wall. As a result, the bladder begins to contract even when it contains small amounts of urine, causing more frequent urination.",
        "Is peeing at night a sign of old age?": "The older you are, the more likely you are to need to pee at night.",
        "What are the second-line treatments for interstitial cystitis?": "If lifestyle changes aren\u2019t enough, then try the next line of treatments:",
        "What foods should you avoid to help with interstitial cystitis?": "Common triggers include:",
        "What is bladder retraining?": "Bladder retraining is a type of behavioral therapy that helps you regain control over urination. It teaches you to hold in urine for longer and longer periods of time to avoid emergencies and leaks.",
        "How is Botox used to treat frequent urination?": "It can be injected into the bladder muscle causing the bladder to relax, giving it more room, causing less leakage.",
        "What is frequent urination?": "Gotta go all the time? The technical name for your problem is frequent urination.",
        "How can diuretic use cause frequent urination?": "Diuretics, or medications used to treat high blood pressure or fluid buildup, work in the kidney and flush excess fluid from the body. This causes frequent urination.",
        "Is peeing so much at night a sign for a heart problem?": "When your ticker doesn\u2019t pump the way it should, fluid builds up. You\u2019ll notice this especially in your ankles.",
        "What causes frequent urination?": "Frequent urination can be a symptom of many different problems, from kidney disease to diabetes to simply drinking too much fluid.",
        "When should you see a doctor about frequent urination?": "It's important to see your doctor if urinary frequency interferes with your lifestyle or is accompanied by other symptoms such as:",
        "Which drugs are used to treat frequent urination?": "Oxytrol for women is the only drug available over the counter. Darifenacin is prescribed specifically for people who wake up more than twice a night to urinate.",
        "How is surgery used to treat frequent urination?": "Several types of surgery are also available to treat frequent urination. The least invasive involve implanting small nerve stimulators just beneath the skin. The devices can manipulate contractions in the organs and muscles within the pelvic floor.",
        "What are the types of pelvic organ prolapse?": "Prolapsed organs that descend into or outside of the vaginal canal or anus have specific names:",
        "How does percutaneous tibial nerve stimulation (PTNS) for overactive bladder (OAB) work?": "Percutaneous tibial nerve stimulation (PTNS). This treatment isn\u2019t surgery. Your doctor inserts a thin needle under the skin of your ankle near the tibial nerve.",
        "Can foods or drinks cause bladder spasms?": "What you eat or drink can sometimes bother a fragile bladder and cause it to go into a spasm. This is especially true if you have interstitial cystitis.",
        "Who gets bladder spasms?": "Anyone at any age can have them. You're more likely to get spasms with urine leakage if you:"
    },
    "Uterine Fibroids": {},
    "Vaccines": {
        "How common is pertussis?": "Pertussis is the only vaccine-preventable disease that continues to rise in the U.S. Before 2005, only young children could receive the pertussis vaccine. Waning immunity and inadequate vaccination -- many parents choose not to vaccinate their children -- have led to a resurgence of the disease in the U.S. in recent years. Outbreaks of pertussis among adolescents and adults have been reported in several states.",
        "What are the side effects and risks of Tdap and Td vaccine?": "Like all medicines, vaccines can have side effects. However, the chance of a life-threatening reaction is small. The CDC says the dangers of developing pertussis, tetanus, or diphtheria far outweigh the risks of vaccination.",
        "When should I get the Tdap vaccine?": "You may be given the Tdap vaccine if you have a severe cut or burn and have never received a dose before. Severe cuts or burns raise your risk of getting tetanus.",
        "What is tetanus?": "Tetanus is a bacterial infection caused by a wound or cut. It affects the brain and nervous system and causes extremely painful muscle spasms. Spasms of the jaw can make it impossible for you to open your mouth. This condition is often called \"lockjaw.\" Tetanus kills one out of five people infected with the disease.",
        "Which adults should get the Tdap vaccine?": "The CDC recommends the Tdap vaccine for all adults ages 19 and older who have never received the vaccine, especially:",
        "What are signs of severe allergic reaction to influenza vaccine?": "Although it's rare, someone may have a severe allergic reaction to an ingredient in the vaccine. Most of the time, such reactions occur within a few minutes to a few hours of receiving the vaccine. The following can be signs of a severe allergic reaction:",
        "What are the symptoms of human papillomavirus (HPV)?": "Human papillomavirus is spread through sexual contact. Some types of HPV cause genital warts. Others can give you cancer. When you catch HPV, you won\u2019t have sore throat, fever, or other signs that you\u2019re infected. Most people clear the infection on their own. In fact, you might have absolutely no idea you've been infected until you develop genital warts or have an abnormal Pap test.",
        "What is the human papillomavirus (HPV)?": "HPV stands for human papillomavirus. It's a virus that can be transmitted through sexual contact. During intercourse or oral sex, HPV can make its way into the genitals, mouth, or throat and cause infection.",
        "How common is human papillomavirus (HPV)?": "HPV infection is extremely common; most sexually active people will be infected with HPV at some point in life. HPV infection usually causes no symptoms, but can cause genital warts and anal cancer in both women and men. HPV can also cause throat cancer.",
        "What are the severe side effects of human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccine?": "Severe side effects, or adverse events, are uncommonly reported and have included:",
        "What are the ingredients of human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccine?": "The HPV vaccine contains no viruses and is not made from human papillomavirus. The active ingredients in the HPV vaccine are proteins that are similar to those found in the human papillomavirus. Genetically modified bacteria produce the proteins, which are then purified and mixed into a sterile, water-based solution.",
        "What is pertussis?": "Pertussis, or whooping cough, is an extremely contagious respiratory infection that can lead to severe breathing problems, especially in infants. Pertussis first appears like an ordinary cold, but then causes intense, uncontrollable coughing spells. You'll hear a \"whoop\" noise when you try to take a breath after coughing.",
        "Can adults have severe allergic reactions to Tdap or Td vaccines?": "Although it's rare, someone may have a severe allergic reaction to an ingredient in the Tdap or Td vaccine. This generally happens in fewer than one in a million doses. Most of the time, such reactions occur within a few minutes of receiving the vaccine.",
        "What is Tdap and Td vaccine?": "Tdap is a combination vaccine that protects against three potentially life-threatening bacterial diseases: tetanus, diphtheria, and pertussis (whooping cough). Td is a booster vaccine for tetanus and diphtheria. It does not protect against pertussis.",
        "What are the side effects of the Td vaccine?": "Mild side effects of the Td vaacine may include:",
        "What are the mild side effects of Tdap vaccine?": "Mild side effects of Tdap may include:",
        "What are the side effects of a tetanus shot?": "Sometimes the vaccine can cause mild side effects. These may include:",
        "Can pregnant women get a tetanus shot?": "Yes. In fact, current guidelines recommend that women receive a Tdap vaccine each time they get pregnant, specifically to prevent pertussis. Wait to get the vaccine if you have a moderate to severe acute illness.",
        "How do you get tetanus?": "You can't get it from another person. You can get it through a cut or other wound. Tetanus bacteria live in soil, dust, and manure. The bacteria can infect you even through a tiny scratch. But you're more likely to get it through deep punctures from wounds created by nails or knives. The bacteria travel via your blood or nerves to the central nervous system."
    },
    "Vitamins and Supplements": {
        "Can acetyl-l-carnitine (ALC) help with Peyronie's disease?": "Peyronie's disease causes the penis to curve abnormally. In one study, men who took daily ALC for 3 months had less pain and curving of the penis. The problem also progressed less in the men taking ALC."
    },
    "Weight Loss & Obesity": {
        "What are the side effects of Saxenda as a prescription weight loss drug?": "Side effects include nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, low blood pressure, and increased appetite. Serious side effects can include raised heart rate, pancreatitis, gallbladder disease, kidney problems, and suicidal thoughts.",
        "What is body mass index (BMI) and how do you calculate it?": "Body mass index, or BMI, is a way of describing height and weight in one number that can help tell if someone's weight is healthy.",
        "How does phentermine work as a prescription weight loss drug?": "Phentermine stimulates the release of brain chemicals that will manipulate your mind to curb your appetite, so you feel full and eat less. Your doctor may prescribe this under the names Adipex or Suprenza. It's approved for short-term use (a few weeks) only.",
        "What are the side effects of Qsymia as a prescription weight loss drug?": "The most common side effects are tingling hands and feet, dizziness, altered sense of taste, insomnia, constipation, and dry mouth. Serious side effects include certain birth defects (cleft lip and cleft palate), faster heart rate, suicidal thoughts or actions, and eye problems that could lead to permanent vision loss if not treated.",
        "How will I know if Saxenda is helping me lose weight?": "If you don't lose 4% of your weight after 16 weeks of taking Saxenda, you should stop taking it, because it's unlikely to work for you, according to the FDA.",
        "What else should you know about phentermine as a prescription weight loss drug?": "Phentermine is an amphetamine. Because of the risk of addiction or abuse, such stimulant drugs are \"controlled substances,\" which means they need a special type of prescription.",
        "How is high blood pressure linked to obesity?": "As your heart beats, it pumps blood through the walls of your arteries. This creates a force, or pressure. If this pressure is too high and goes unchecked for too long, it can damage other organs, such as your kidneys or brain.",
        "How much weight do people lose after gastric sleeve weight loss surgery?": "People generally lose 60% of their extra weight over 12 to 18 months. So if you are 100 pounds overweight, you'll lose about 60 pounds, though some lose more and others less. Of course, exercising and eating right add to your weight loss.",
        "How does Qsymia work as a prescription weight loss drug?": "Qsymia combines phentermine with the seizure/migraine drug topiramate. Topiramate causes weight loss in several ways, including helping you feel full, making foods taste less appealing, and burning more calories. It's approved for long-term use. Qsymia has much lower amounts of phentermine and topiramate than when these drugs are given alone.",
        "How will I know if Qsymia is helping me lose weight?": "If you don't lose 3% of your weight after 12 weeks on Qsymia, the FDA recommends that you stop taking it or that your doctor increase your dose for the next 12 weeks -- and if that doesn't work, you should gradually stop taking it.",
        "What are the side effect of phentermine as a prescription weight loss drug?": "Side effects can be serious, such as raising your blood pressure or causing heart palpitations, restlessness, dizziness, tremor, insomnia, shortness of breath, chest pain, and trouble doing activities you've been able to do. Phentermine may make you drowsy, hampering your ability to drive or operate machinery. As with some other appetite suppressants, there's a risk of becoming dependent upon the drug. Less serious side effects include dry mouth, unpleasant taste, diarrhea, constipation, and vomiting. Don't take it late in the evening, as it may cause insomnia. Phentermine is an amphetamine. Because of the risk of addiction or abuse, such stimulant drugs are \"controlled substances,\" which means they need a special type of prescription.",
        "How does Saxenda work as a prescription weight loss drug?": "Saxenda is a higher dose of the type 2 diabetes drug Victoza. It mimics an intestinal hormone that tells the brain your stomach is full. It is approved for long-term use.",
        "What are signs of liver damage linked to Alli (orlistat)?": "Alli has been linked to severe liver injury in rare cases, though it has mostly occurred in those taking the prescription-strength dose (Xenical). Stop taking Alli and call your doctor immediately if you develop any of these possible signs of liver damage:",
        "What should youe diet be like while taking Alli (orlistat)?": "It\u2019s important to follow a low-calorie, low-fat diet while taking this medication. If you eat a lot of fatty foods, even just one high-fat meal like a greasy burger, you\u2019re more likely to have uncomfortable digestive side effects. Choose lean cuts of meat and low-fat dairy products. In general, no more than 30% of your calories at each meal should come from fat."
    },
    "Women's Health": {
        "Is nausea during your period normal?": "One of the hormones released during your cycle is prostaglandin. Though most of it sheds with the uterine lining, some gets into your bloodstream. This can cause nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, and headaches.",
        "What causes secondary hypothyroidism?": "Secondary hypothyroidism occurs when another problem interferes with the thyroid's ability to produce hormones. For example, the pituitary gland or hypothalamus produce hormones that trigger the release of thyroid hormone. A problem with one of these glands can make your thyroid underactive.",
        "How are oral antifungal medications used to treat vaginal yeast infections?": "Sometimes, a doctor may prescribe a single dose of the oral antifungal medication called fluconazole (Diflucan). This drug kills fungus and yeast throughout your body, so you may have minor side effects, such as an upset stomach or headaches, after taking it. Your doctor may need to prescribe it if you have a severe infection, and you\u2019d take it for a short time. You shouldn\u2019t take fluconazole to treat yeast infections if you're pregnant, because it may cause miscarriage or birth defects.",
        "How are tablets and suppositories used to treat vaginal yeast infection?": "Some of the meds (such as clotrimazole and miconazole) that are in vaginal creams are available as vaginal tablets or suppositories to treat yeast infections. You insert these into the vagina and let them dissolve. Some brands call them \"ovules\" because they're oval-shaped. These products often come packaged with a plastic inserter that helps you put the medication into the vagina. Suppositories are less messy than a vaginal cream and less likely to ooze out during the day. And with tablets or suppositories, you use the doses for fewer days, so you get symptom relief sooner.",
        "What is the timing of a normal period?": "Your menstrual cycle starts on the first day of your last period and ends on the first day of your next period. Though the average cycle is 28 days long, anything between 21 and 45 days is considered normal.",
        "What are the signs of a complicated yeast infection?": "Signs of a complicated infection include:",
        "Why does polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) cause weight gain?": "PCOS makes it harder for your body to use the hormone insulin, which normally helps change sugars and starches from foods into energy. This condition -- called insulin resistance -- can cause insulin and sugar to build up in your bloodstream.",
        "What is polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS)?": "Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common hormonal disorder in women of childbearing age and can lead to issues with fertility. Women who have PCOS have higher levels of male hormones and are less sensitive to insulin or are \"insulin-resistant.\"",
        "When should you see a doctor about a yeast infection?": "See a doctor if:",
        "Will I still get periods while on the pill?": "Sure, you bleed during the week that you take the sugar pills, but technically that\u2019s \u201cmonthly withdrawal bleeding.\u201d It\u2019s slightly different than a regular period.",
        "Can medications cause estrogen levels to rise in women?": "Some drugs, such as steroid medications, ampicillin, estrogen-containing drugs, phenothiazines, and tetracyclines can increase estrogen levels.",
        "What are common symptoms of a yeast infection?": "If you have a vaginal yeast infection, you\u2019ll most likely feel extreme itching in and around your vagina; this is the most common symptom. Aside from itching, you might also have:",
        "What are complicated yeast infections?": "Sometimes the symptoms of your yeast infection can be more serious and require extra care. You might need a longer course of treatment or a plan to keep the infection from coming back. You can develop a more complicated infection if:",
        "Are eye problems common with Graves' disease?": "Some 25%-50% of people who develop Graves' disease complain of eye problems, but most can be managed with home remedies.",
        "How can using tampons cause toxic shock syndrome?": "Toxic shock syndrome is a sudden, potentially deadly reaction to poison released by the bacteria Staphylococcus aureus, or staph. It most often happens in women who use tampons. A tampon, warm and soaked with blood, is an ideal place for bacteria to grow. Sliding it into the vagina also may tear the vaginal walls and allow the bacteria to get into the bloodstream. When toxic shock happens with menstrual sponges, diaphragms, and cervical caps, it\u2019s usually because they\u2019ve been in the vagina for 30 hours or longer or, with sponge, pieces of it remained in the vagina.",
        "What causes pregnancy dizziness (feeling faint)?": "Dizziness can occur anytime during middle to late pregnancy. Here's why it happens:",
        "Can probiotics help in preventing urinary tract infection (UTIs)?": "Probiotics, especially in a vaginal capsule, and D-mannose, a kind of natural sugar you can buy at health food stores, might help prevent unfriendly bacteria from growing in the urinary tract, but both need to be studied more.",
        "When should you see a doctor about spotting?": "Make an appointment if spotting concerns you, or if you have spotting along with the following symptoms:",
        "What are the symptoms of lipedema?": "The typical symptoms are a large lower half and column-like legs, which are often tender and bruise easily. For example, the top half of your body may be a size 8, but the bottom half may be a size 16.",
        "What is lipedema?": "Lipedema is  when fat is distributed in an irregular way beneath your skin, usually in the buttocks and legs. Although it begins as a cosmetic concern, it can eventually cause pain and other problems. Lipedema can be mistaken for regular obesity or lymphedema. Lipedema may affect up to 11% of women."
    }
}