what does genital herpes look like?
if i have health insurance now can i keep it through ? . what if i start a new plan december  can i keep it through december ? what about after that? i am told that underwritten plans are much cheaper than obamacare. is this true?
i have frequent constipation feeling bloated and have bowel movements around - days on average. large-hard stools. that are difficult to pass and i'm asking now because it's been getting worse the past year or so and effecting my every-day life. <negative_smiley> what should i do? are probiotic supplements a solution?
cheating husband. i caught my husband masturbating by our dog licking his penis? help i don't know what to do.
im  / weeks pregnant. i have tightening in my abdomen which last about  seconds andlike every  minutes if less. my water has not yet broke but wondering if these are real contractions or not? can anyone help?
if i have intercourse with someone that is allergic to amoxicllin while im taking it will they have a allergic reaction?
how long can i give a baby asprin to my dog for a fever. my  lb chi has an ear infection he has chills and a fever he also is panting. his ears smell i used a antibiotic ointment on a q tip and let it run into his ear the smell in his ears are not as bad but still there and he then started the chills and is shaking. this all started last night --. i do have a natural ear drop med that has chamomile and sulfur in it. can i put a few drops of that in his ears or use. hydrogen peroxide in his ears. he is  years old.
why does the cdc recommend hiv screening for all pregnant women?
how do i safely stop taking simvastatin ( mg)? . i do not nor have i ever had high blood pressure. my cholesterol count before simvastatin was . . a stress test  years ago showed that there are no blockages or build up in my arteries my heart is in good shape; as a matter of fact the cardiologist told me i had the heart of a thirty year old. after learning about the dangers of this drug i am scared and would like to discontinue it. please advise. .
i have been taking methadose and oxycotin illeagely for over a year now. i am now trying to quit. the withdrawls are the worst thing i have ever experienced. so i keep going back to get more. i have no insurance and i dont have the money to go to the e. r. is there any way i can ease the pain so i can get my life back in order. please help i dont know what to do.
how can being diabetic and pregnant affect the baby?
"sharp back neck and arm pain on the left side. this began suddenly about  hours ago. the pain worsens with movement such as using my left arm turning my head to the left or lifting my head in general. the main spot of pain feels like it's near my spine just under my left shoulderblade. if i sneeze the pain shoots up and down on my spine and out to my left arm occasionally leaving a numbness in my left hand. i am not an ""active"" person i primarilly work at my computer every day."
my husband is on medicare. are the premiums based on both our incomes? . since we can't get life insurance we have put up a little money. does that count against us?
im taking  different supplements everyday is that ok? . im a boy almost  years old and im tired of buying and trying lots of skin products just to cure my acnes. so i stoped using acne treatment products and started taking supplements today and its vitamin c  vitamin b i dont know and zinc  mg. is that ok? is it bad for my health?
my foot is swollen only at the front of the foot not at the ankle. it is now very painful difficulty walking?
is there a statistical possibility an abdominal x-ray could miss a pregnancy/fetus? . the past  mos. i'm having the same pregnancy symptoms i had with my son. i started the year with late periods. then breast tenderness morning sickness food adversion cravings & weight gain in the spring. i experienced flutters in the summer. followed by movements bloating & excessive gas. lastly was a feeling of kicking the start of fall(maybe muscle spasms) & lower back pain. pregnancy tests were negative. i had an abdominal examine & x-ray to find out what's wrong. what's going on?
hey have a sinus infection. am i better off with amoxicillin  or amox-clav ?
sebaceous cyst on neck can mupirocin % ointment be used to treat this
i have lower abdomen pain and alarming weight loss. will it be due to ibs?
how can i fight dental problems while taking antidepressants? how do i prevent tooth loss or other oral side effects?
what is subclinical hypothyroidism?
i was due for the depo shot december . didn't get it and had unprotected sex the next day. am i pregnant?
unexplained headaches  does mri show problem?
could i have genital herpes and not know?
what conditions does ibu-drops treat?
i have one purple nipple. it's acts weird. i am . just had my period and when it stopped only one nipple became very sore and part if my armpit also. the nipple was first very pink and today it was almost purple when i woke up. it has a normal shape it's not swollen. it acts completely different from tr other nipple like sometimes it's pointy and the other isn't. i'm only worried because everywhere i research it says if only one breast/ nipple has an issue it's and issue but not if it's happening to both. btw i don't have sex?
if you have a cold can you still get the flu shot?
food if im rushing to eat seems to get stuck without a sip of water? is it a esophageal disorder?
will  year olds on medical assistance due to disability be able to have dental work done? . other than extraction of damaged teeth?
i have pain in both testicles and the left testicle is kind of swollen. i thought std's but test came back normal. i also have been having pain during urination and lower abdominal pain? and like i said my urine test for std's came back clean. what could be the problem? kidney stones? ive been having slight pain around that area every so often
i am  years old and have dry skin and pimples in the jaw line. can you suggest an effective acne remedy?
what side effects could occur from suddenly stopping lexapro?
the top of my scalp continually itches after a complete facelift. my dermatologist said it was hives. what can i do?
i'm taking amoxicillin  mg. can i take acetaminophen for the pain and how much?
i was told yesterday that my baby has no heart rate at  weeks and  days?
"can macular degeneration cause pain? . my mother in law has pain in the ritgh eye than spikes to acute and goes down to mild. the pain comes and goes it usually the ""ttacks does not last long. she thinks in could be macular generation because she was test for glaucoma and was negative. at gross examination she has the inside of the lids brigh red the sclera is white. she is in a lot of pain severall times a day."
had gallbladder surgery – feel i still have it – surgeon says encountered problems
i have tried to enroll in health insurance for  weeks. . i've talked to over  people and the computer problem that won't let them enroll me has not been resolved. am i just out of luck if this is not resolved by dec.  or march ?
my hip is very painful doctors didnt find anything?
what about people who have health insurance through work but pay an amount bi-weekly for aetna? . my husband is a mailman and we get a slight discount for health insurance. it has gone up again and is becoming unaffordable. we have never switched because of my pre-existing condition. are we eligible for a plan in the marketplace?
i have injury in right leg need surgery or is there another option?
how do i prevent scabies? i recently had a scabies exposed visitor but no symptoms myself as yet.
i got my nipples pierced  weeks ago. they are dry & itchy an get crustys on the balls of the barbell. are they infected. i put neosporin on them and yesterday i started putting bandaids on them. when i sqeeze them i see nothing oozing out but the day after i put the neo on them i see crustys on the balls?
what is outcome of shingles?
is aerobics a good exercise to loose fat in belly?
i sprained my ankle  months ago and still am not %.  months ago i slipped on ice outside my driveway and heard a large pop sound when i fell. at present day i can walk comfortably. i have full range of motion in all directions except upwards. meaning if i grab my foot and pull it towards me. there is pain inside my ankle (in the ligaments that were damaged in the fall i assume). i'm trying to exercise it by putting half my foot on a raised object like a curb or books and gently push down. what can i do to improve the healing process?
i have burning sensations on my chest and whole body had false diagnosis need second opinion?
i have diarriha vomiting hot to cold shivers and mild stomach pains
what kind of doctor does one see for hemorroids?
does smoking effect your pulse? . i smoke and when i smoke before giving blood my pulse is usually high is this normal?
"how many bathroom trips in a day are considered ""frequent urination""? .  year old overweight woman concerned about diateties. no other noticeable symptoms"
is malaria a particular problem for children?
what specific treatments are there for hair loss in women?
precum in second time. is there any pre cum if i ejaculated n den immediately started again after properly washing. i mean in second time is there any precum? and it wasnt fully erected. how much the cases of getting preg in this situation? . i know there is some left over in the ducts. and that is what making some confusions. help me out
does acupuncture help with fibromyalgia?
i have horrible pain along my right leg?
can gallstones cause vomiting and unable to keep food down
can lymph nodes come back? . i have had  lymph nodes in  years. but this one is more painful while running or walking for a long period of time. what should i do? and ive had it for a week.
how can i learn to relax while fighting breast cancer?
my daughter is five years old and just passed a bowel movement with blood?
why am i having stomach cramps lower pack pain and shortness of breath. tired all the time. i have had stomach cramps in my lower region and havnt had a normal bowel movement in four days. i have lower back pain due to this problem and shortness of breath. its very difficult to walk at times. i have gien my self three enimas and nothing has change. when i do have a bowel movement it is little ball size and sometimes it not formed. i'm to the point of going to see my doctor and see whats going on. any advise would be helpfull.
i've been on birth control for a year. started bleeding two weeks early. its heavier then normal. should i be worried? . i had sex a day before my period we did not use a condom. my period came as normal. two weeks later i started spotting. everyday it keeps getting worse. i take my pill and within an hour i bleed a bit heavier and get bad cramps. i also get a headache and sick to my stomach. i've never had breakthrough bleeding before. something just does not feel right weather i'm pregnant or i need a higher dose. should i take a pregnany test? or should i go to my doctor when the bleeding stops (if it stops)?
can i take abraxane if i am pregnant or nursing a baby?
will radiation therapy cause my hair to fall out?
can supplements help lower cholesterol like red yeast rice? or niacin? . i don't want to take any more drugs if i don't have. i take meds for high blood pressure and diabetes.
decreased blood flow to tissues is called ischemia?
what if you get a job in  that provides health insurance benefits and then are laid off during ? . can you apply for aca insurance at that time or do you have to wait for an end-of-year open enrollment period?
can i continue my pregnancy with a high tsh level?
grandson  yrs old '' and . younger brother tested pos. for strep. hes vomiting fever slept for  days . severe headache hasn't ate anything but  tbs of applesauce wont drink anything just wants to sleep. he says his side has been hurting him and the stomach cramps could be from him about to vomit. went to doc. with the knowledge of younger brother testing pos. for strep but was not tested. getting worried about dehydration. how long should i waite before taking him back to the doctor to be reevaluated? . .
chronic fatigue anxiety depression and digestive issues?
when someone can't work due to sickness are they given an order or form? . so a member of my family claims that they can't work due to medical reasons. whenever asked every couple of weeks or months there's a new or different reason. if a doctor really orders them to not work will they write some type of letter or form and provide this to the patient? is there any way to verify their claims of being prohibited from working by a physician?
can hand and mouth disease be caused by contact with animal urine or stools or dirty living conditions within the home?
is it normal to have pinkish red (blood) when you have a uti?
would a sprained neck induce a headache
what should i do -- or not do -- to my hair to help it grow longer faster?
my boyfriend and i had sex using both the pill and a condom. the condom broke. should i worry about rubber inside me? . we think most stayed on his shaft and i found a small piece about / inch x / inch. like it ripped and a portion tore off. do i have to worry about this causing tss? .
bowel movements r fatty slimy and greasy and float. yuck. ! blood wk for celiac disease negative. can you help?
my mother has diabetes. she currently has allergies and a runny nose. what can she take?
how does the supreme court decision on health reform affect those with a preexisting condition?
can accupuncture relieve eye pain?
what is the name the drs call the vagina after a total hysterectomy when they have reshaped it. had the op  years a go cant remember the name the doctors gave it
what causes orthostatic hypotension?
what causes osteoarthritis?
my  y/o's ankle/foot was crushed with heavy steel yesterday. no fracture on xray. is an aircast walker recommended? . my son was playing at the base of our home treadmill while i had the unit raised to vacuum underneath it. upon lowering the unit my son's foot was crushed in a  inch gap between two heavy steel surfaces. x ray indicated no obvious bone fracture but immature (non calcified) bones may be damaged. my son cannot weight bear. the doctor recommends applying a plaster cast in  days if he is still not bearing weight. would an aircast walker boot would be a helpful healing aid in the meantime?
i heard that fluoride can damage teeth. if so what are the alternatives to fluoride toothpaste?
are there natural ways to help firm up the skin on my face for a more youthful look?
what is the difference between omeprazole (found in prilosec zegerid) and esomeprazole (nexium)?
i'm a single person on medicaid. i will lose coverage as soon as i find a job which i've been searching for. since i don't have a college degree my income will likely provide for little more than basic living expenses such as food and shelter. what options will be available to someone in my situation and how soon? also what steps are involved in the process?
can the sex be determined when taking a urine drug screening?
since birth i dont recall having any sense of smell?
when you have almost constant hoarseness and sore throat and some trouble swallowing what doctor should i go see?
what is the difference between gastroenteritis and gastritis
i got a sore on my lip and now it got bigger and it burns?
can you catch any diseases (hep. c aids hiv) by using someone elses lipstick or lip gloss?
pain and stiffness in my handsi have very limited resources
husband is having a hard time breathing especially lying down
i missed two pills in row  of my pill pack. now starting week  i have dark brown discharge/blood. am i pregnant? . i went away for the weekend and forgot to take  pills out of my  day pack on week .  days later i had a brown(maybe old blood) discharge. it stopped for a day then came back. my boyfriend and i are sexually active. he only puts his penis inside me for  secs before putting the condoms on. could i be pregnant. will this discharge/blood effect me getting me period if i'm not pregnant
how does saphris work?
i've had clostridium difficile for  days and had flagyl for  days i still have diarrhea and blood in my stool fever. i have palatine tonsil surgery scheduled for monday and i'm in very weak condition. i had  different antibiotics for the pharyngitis. . can i go to the surgery and what else can be done than flagyl because my condition is not improving. i'm afraid that if i don't get the surgery then i will have pharyngitis (have had  in past  months with very high fever so it has taken a toll on my health) almost everything i eat/drink doesn't stay in and i feel very dehydrated
are there topical creams for treating arthritis
should i use ice or heat for rotator cuff injury
i am taking a medication and my pharmacist says that i have to be careful in the sun. isn't wearing sunscreen enough?
i'm treating my  year-old with amoxicillin for an ear infection. can this cause a rash?
for how many months is the acceptable serum creatinine result? . an individual has to undergo a radiology procedure where contrast media has to be injected how many months is the serum creatinine result can still be used as a reference? i just wanted to know if a serum creatinine result which is  months ago is still acceptable as a reference for kidney function for a presumingly normal individual. how about for an individual who has a other illness like diabetes chf that might be having kidney injury? up to how many weeks the sr. crea should be evaluated?
my daughter just got denied insurance in florida from bcbs. so after oct.  should she apply again?
lip to lip kissin exposed to saliva hiv risk? . greetings . iam a  yrs old male indulges in an act i was involved in lip to lip kissing & was exposed to the saliva of the female. later i realised i had smal cuts on my lips am i at extreme risk to hiv? pls advise some rapid tests like pcr or elisa which wil put me a t ease. thank you
i was diagnosed with chronic anxiety and have had transient anxiety attacks?
can a  week pregnant woman use an inhaler
what's the best skin care for my aging elastic skin?
which statement accurately describes the role of oxygen in newborn resuscitation. . a newborn in secondary apnea can be expected to resume normal respirations with the apprication of free-flow oxygen. . free-low oxygen may be administered using an oxygen mask held close to the baby's face. . most newborn resuscitation should begin with % oxygen. . it is reasonable to expect most babies have a pre-ductal saturation () of >% by  minutes of age
i was diagnosed with the flu have been on tamiflu for  days now am i still contagious?
my mom has bronchitis. breathing heavily but
my feet swell a lot since i became pregnant. can i change something about my diet to reduce the swelling?
should i go to the er for severe right earache or wait until monday's appointment? . i'm  on thursday i woke with dull throbbing. it has gotten worse. i have a  f fever i think the throbbing is still there but now my ear canal is so blocked i can't feel anything in the canal but there is still sharp stinging pain in what feels like the back. my outer ear is swollen the pain extended to my throat. chewing or hiccups feels like my ear is tearing i have almost zero hearing in this ear. er or wait?
are the health insurance exchanges only for those without any form of health care?
if my sugar level is at  and not taking medication what can i do
how do i take infant's advil?
my -year-old grandson cut his foot on glass. his relatives put super glue on it to close the wound. is this toxic?
my brother has a blockage in his esophagus which now makes him unable to swallow any thing?
how can i know if my cold/flu has become bacterial? so i can take a ampicillin? . i am aware that ampicillin does nothing if my cold/flu is a virus but i have been sick for a week now and although my body isn't sore/weak anymore i still cough up alot of mucus and coughing hurts my chest a bit and i have a sore throat also runny nose with alot of mucus as well.
i get eczema on my legs every summer. my skin looks awful. what stuff can i get from the drugstore to help my skin?
my ears keep popping i get a really sharp pain and lose some hearing
what happens if an infant is given an adult dosage of flu vaccine?
i just lost my job due to a layoff. i am confused how do i estimate annual income for health insurance purposes?
ive been having feelings of blacking out and my heart will race and my chest will burn.
had bad bronchitis lately woke up with a huge bruise on side?
how do you determine your income when buying health insurance if next years' income is unpredictable?
does soma show up on a drug urinalysis
what is a good otc treatment for eczema?
gp thinks i have tonsillitis or glandular fever what should i do?
how common is arthritis in children?
i had rhematic fever as a child. was just wondering if i need to know what effects that may have taken on my heart.? . how can rhematic fever effect your heart when you get older?
will a fluid diet of - help eczema? . ive suffered all my life from eczema in my elbow creases but in the past year stress has caused it to spread all over my arms and onto my shoulders i was recomended to try a fluid diet and i was wondering if that would help to clear it enough to give the cream a chance to really help because im in a lot of pain and its really itchy! thank you . hannah
can perming a girls hair kill head lice and nits
can having varicocele make my testicle pull up higher than normal when standing. pretty sure i have varicocele but i was wondering if that could make my testicle ride higher than normal when standing or sitting for a length of time when i lay down or sit to relax it seems to relax and hang where it should i am in physical therapy for hip and leg pain right now so that could be causing stress on my testicle since it is on the same side that i am having that problem just wondering if varicocele can do the same thing because i can feel the so called bag of worms in my sack
is this skin mole dangerous?
hi there i have extremely bright yellowy orangey mucus and have been recovering from a flu / cold any ideas what it could be
will plan b show up in a blood test? . im getting tested for mono tomorrow and was wondering if i took plan b today if it would show up in my blood work
what is the sound that i hear when i close my ears with my fingers?
hi there is a hickey looking i wouldn't say rash but it's about the size of a quarter and it's on the shaft of my penis. im worried that it might be hiv because recently i had unprotected sex. i'm 
i have been on depoprovera for  months. for the last month i have been spotting often. what could be happening?
do i have a nail fungal infection? . i had a cracked nail below the nail point so in fear that it will break and hurt i bandaged it up. i kept the bandage on for two days and when i took it off my nail had a yellowish tint! i noticed that my skin below the nail was white and wrinkly but that went away. i washed my hands multiple times and my nail still has a yellowish tint and smells kind of like cheese. i don't want it to be a nail fungal infection i can't stop crying! i want it to go away! i don't want it to stay for months.
my  year old chahauhas got diarrhea and dragging his back legs this morning. i'm hoping theres over the counter meds. last week my friend had a chauhaha  years old with diarrhea and legs dragging but is fine today so it seems. this morning my dog she watches for me has the same trouble. what causes this and how can i treat it. im on a limited income and cant afford a vet at this time and they dont take i. o. u's. please help me this.
can smoking cigarettes and having gerd cause someone to have seizures. i was exposed to a chemical in my car i i smoke cigarettes and i have gerd but after they exposure i started having rashes swelling vocal chords going out silent seizures and then grandma seizures and now i can't go anywhere without being affected by smells
i am  years and  months old. that means i qualify for medicare in  months. . however i currently have no insurance. what can i do about this?
will my beyaz birth control pills be effective if i take it  days after the start of my period? . i ended my period last week thursday and today is wednesday /.
pulsing in stomach but not pregnant. i keep getting this strange pulsing in my stomach around my belly button area. i am on birth control and have taken  home pregnancy tests that came out negative and also went to the doctor who confirmed i am not pregnant. however it feels like quickening during pregnancy it's very strong and i can sometimes actually see the area moving outward. it doesn't travel around my stomach but stays in one place.
my  month old baby doesnt reach his development milestones?
can musonex be taken at the same time as amoxillan?
what are the stages of atopic dermatitis?
ive had rapid breast growth want breast reduction surgery what age should i typically get this surgery?
twenty years old with shingles? . i am only twenty years old and i have been diagnosed with shingles. i feel like its spreading fast. i am really worried and im not really sure what to do. the doctor was really short with me and said theres nothing to do but let it take its course. if anyone could help me out that would be great! . -thanks.
how are brain tumors treated?
is there anyways (other than surgery) to increase the size of a man's penis? . i know size doesn't matter it's more of just a personal feeling but i am not happy with the size of my penis. are there anyways other than surgery to enlarge the size of a man's penis?
does anyone out there know what sweets syndrome is?
does hsv make it hard to get pregnant i herd it doesnt but why i havent i got pregnant ever since i lost my first baby? . my point is that i'm scared can i get  if i already have  genital?
dull aching painis it a fracture?
skin rashes no iching or discomfort at all? . a week i noticed i two sets of small red patches on my skin. they are all smaller than the size of a dime. the first set is on my inner forearm which consists of about  small circular red patches that run from my wrist to my elbow area. the second set of - rashes is on my hips right below my right waistline. these bumps are a bit more flaky but fit the same description as above. these rashes do not invoke discomfort at all but they will not go away. i live in a college dorm.
i am a month delayed and i'm afraid that i am pregnant. but negative. i feel severe abdominal cramps and backpain
what is celiac disease?
two weeks delay is this possible i am pregnant? . female
rash on buttocks by sitting at the beach- sand fleas cutaneous larva migrans?
i am having pain in a very specific part of my head for  year seeing blue flash?
what is atopic dermatitis?
i have skin attached to the head of my penis making putting on condoms difficult (and retraction). how do i fix this? . basically on the bottom of my penis a piece of skin is connected to the head thus i can't retract my penis completely. this makes condom usage difficult and it makes it more difficult to avoid smegma too (i have to use a q-tip to get the inside instead of just retracting it). i read that pulling exercises and steroid cream is the best way to break it but i don't know what cream to use and i don't have insurance so i can't afford to see a doctor over this. no pain or anything like that. please
can genital contact get you pregnant? no ejaculation pre-cum present but on lower part of my stomach not near my vag. so there was genital contact but he didnt ejaculate anywhere near me. the real thing i am. scared of is whether or not is it possible that the surface touch with precum can get you pregnant. also i felt something was wrong so i immediately whiped myself.
i breastfeed my baby worried that my exposure to battery acid may be harmful to me and my baby?
will warts go away on their own?
my  a year ago was .  it is now .  i am  yrs old. how long do i have to take metformin
what is the treatment for menstrual migraine?
if i have my undiagnosed hypertension diagnosed it will become a preexisting condition. why should i have it diagnosed? . in late  always around - lbs at '. semi-active. havent had a checkup in over  years. hypertension has lessened some of what i could do but otherwise i've lived with it just fine. plus i have other medical issues that are more intrusive to my quality of life which will never go away. if i have hypertension diagnosed then it will become a preexisting condition and will cost me  if not  of thousands of dollars in added medical costs during my life.
i have a constant dull pain in my right upper chest about even with my armpit?
does dehydration change color of poop?
can taking birth control affect the results of a pregnancy test? . i've been on birth control since sept . i think i'm pregnant but my home pregnancy test came back negative. i am still experiencing pregnancy like symptoms but i don't know if i should try another pregnancy test or if i should just go to the doctor.
can a very large bowel movement (appx  inch diameter  inch long) cause bright red rectal bleeding  week later?
i was wondering if your  weeks pregnant and the baby passed away at about  weeks and didn't know is it a miscarriage. a friend of mine went in for her  week check up and the doctor told her that she had lost the baby at about her  week. there was no bleeding or any indications that she lost the baby. would this be correct? and if so would it be classified as a miscarriage or stillborn?
can you use sunless tanning lotion while pregnant. summer time is around the corner i am currently  weeks pregnant. i was wondering if it was okay to use sunless tanning lotion just to give my skin some kind of color. not the spray on tans just the rub on lotion.?
my -month-old gets mild hives after eating eggs and vomited after having dairy at  months. what can i do?
do seamen help with facial acne
can multiple kicks/punches to my balls over the years make me infertile? . when i was in highschool i was punched in the nuts about a dozen times (- probably) and i'm wondering if that could have made me infertile even though it never was enough to send me to hospital or cause me to pee blood swell up shatter my testicles etc but it would hurt a lot for a while then still hurt a bit for like a week. no guesses please and thanks.
does a hysterectomy cause hair loss?
what is flu shots? do they make you get the flu when you get the flu shot?
is red pepper a good supplement to treat hypertension. i have read that a ingrediant in red pepper is very good at treating hypertension
can herbs and supplements really help me sleep?
my son is  years old and seems to be getting aroused with my wife's feet? why and what can we do? should we be worried? . we don't want to embarrass him but he continues to try and snuggle with my wife's feet and today she noticed that he had an erection why'll trying to touch her feet.
can a sinus infection be treated the same time as conjunctivitis
will napoxen tablets give a positive reading on a drug test. will it cause a false positive reading if the blood test is done by urine and/or blood test
ive got a wrist and palm injury in my right hand?
clear liquid diet. what can i eat when on a clear liquid diet?
is it safe for a  month old to live  miles from a coal power plant? . we live near a romeoville il plant that the gov is putting restrictions on & the environmentalists say the coal ash is not safe for anyone.
"when i drink milk i emmediatly volmit""within  min"". could this be lactose intolerance."
i have a samll white pimple inside bottom portion of my lip couls it be herpes?
i had a semen analysis not convinced lab analyzed it correctly?
what is the best way to treat persistent migraines?
what does it mean when your blood comes out really really slow when getting blood tests done? . the technician said that my blood was clotting really fast.
my mother has been prescribed numerous medications. is it safe to be on all the meds she's on all at once?
dirhreia and mucus in stools. i have had cramps off and on it is followed by diarrhea and then a day or two later nothing but mucus come out what does this mean should i go and see my dr or is this normal
i was treated for a sinus infection but still feel bad- do i head back to the doc?
is it possible to get pregnant a week after ovulation but  wk before your preriod?
what is vistaril used for?
i have swelling and numbness after mandible surgery. how long will it take to subside?
is west nile virus contagious?
can you take zoloft  if you have sleep apnea?
i think my urologist did a poor job with my circumcision?
what causes head lice. i understand how it spreads. i want to know how is it contracted in the beginning?
i had bad reaction to kidney stent and removal constant drip of blood from penis?
is it advisable to get the shingles vaccine and a flu shot on the same day. none
my father takes  mg of diovan and  mg of metoprolol daily for his blood pressure. it that too much?
did i damage my hearing? . dropped a beer bottle on my garage floor and it clanked very loudly for like  seconds making my ears hurt and lose some of my hearing for  seconds. it's not  hours later and i still have that feeling as if my ears are clogged with water and they hurt a little. what's going on? i'm really worried.
sex first day of ovulation period came  late watery. have heartburn lower back and abdominal pain with itchy breast. i had sex twice the first day i started ta ovulate which was oct.  my period was due nov.  but didn't come til nov.  and it was watery lik with few clots. i've had heartburn can't sleep at night always feel full as soon as i start to eat sore nipples itchy breast lower back pain on both sides alng with lower abdominal pain ah pulsation shooting downward in my vagina. what could this mean?
had unprotected sex  days before expected period (nov. <positive_smiley> its november  i missed the whole period. am i pregnant?
how long should i be off paxil before i start trying to get pregnant?
can i pass pneumonia to my dog?
what is the average time a person will have pain after knee surgery
can anemia be linked to diabetes?
my granddaughter has been diagnosed with coxsackie disease?
what does gallbladder failure spots on liver hypothyroidism and blood loss mean?
what is atherosclerosis?
my grandmother had shingles two years ago. i'm six months pregnant. is it safe for me and my baby to be around her?
what are deficits as a result of dementia?
can you get pimples inside of your vagina near the edge of the vaginal opening? . i recently noticed a few pimple-looking bumps inside my vagina on the edge towards the anus. i have never noticed them before and without me visually inspecting them i wouldn't have known they were there as they do not hurt. however they do hurt if i touch them like a fresh acne pimple would on other body parts but more sensitive considering the location. . is it possible to get pimples inside of the vagina? what can i do for that? (before i go see a physician). thank you.
i've had chest/neck/back pain recently with bad headaches does this sound like stress or something more? . last night i had a lot of chest and back pain with no apparent cause. i have been having neck aches and headaches over the past week and i know it wasn't a panic attack (i've had them before). is this just stress related or should i be more concerned? about  months ago i got a new job which has been a stressful adjustment. i've also been very tired recently and it almost feels like my brain isn't working correctly. it's like i can feel something is missing mentally that used to be there.
i have scoliosis im worried about it getting worse?
i'm - wk prego and have some light bleeding is it safe to go swimming in a chlorinated pool?
if a milk based formula causes diarrhea why would switching to soy based formula cause constipation?
is lidocaine patch approved by fda for sugical nerve trauma. surgical trauma of nerve tissue treated by lidocaine patch approved by fda? i have been using them for at least  years and they work for me. however now medicare part d is saying they are not fda approved for this condition. i have other articles saying differently. please explain.
looking for surgery to be able to walk in high heels again?
i had black diarrhea last p. m. now tarry. light headed and short of breath when standing d face gets pale . i did take ibuprofen occasionally for knee pain past couple weeks i ate several choc cookie night before and choc donuts next day. a stomach bug has gone through my family.
don't think this is the correct spelling for this but it sounds like plancus likcus. have little bumps on my arms and legs does not itch had biopsy on a few and thats what they call it.
i'm a retired woman who took social security disability retirement and i have private insurance as well. i am  years old. can you tell me what changes i will see in regard to my personal medical care once obamacare becomes completely immersed in our lives?
what could it mean if a biopsy from a lesion that has been removed from the arm comes back abnormal?
what's best for seasickness or motion sickness?
what causes pneumonia?
does adding one tsp baking soda to glass of water help uti go away? what home remedy can work?
ive had pain in my throat but its been spreading?
scratched by cat received repetitive doses of rabipur vaccine any need for more or too many?
my doctor asks me to get a tetanus vaccine upon an injury when i am doubtful of acquiring tetanus. . is this anti-tetanus vaccine? if so for how long do these vaccines are effective? some say it for three months or for six months. is it okay if one gets this vaccine before twenty-four hours of injury?
lymph nodes have been swollen for at least  years now tender and hurting?
how can i determine if my new glasses are causing my headaches?
i start spotting on and off from the  of october but i took four pregnancy test and they all show negative.
i have medicare part a&b. will i be able to apply for secondary health insurance that covers the % medicare doesn't?
why am i constantly tired? i don't believe i am sleep-deprived. what can i do to help this? . i am tired all day long every day. getting out of bed in the morning is always a chore no matter how many hrs of sleep i get. i am constantly yawning throughout the day. i could nap at pretty much any time almost anywhere. i have increased my exercise level recently i work full time at a very mentally and physically exhausting place and i am in graduate school full time too. on avg i get about  hrs of sleep. however some days i get  hrs of sleep and some days i may sleep as many as .
can you take tylenol and benadryl together?
what ar symptoms of angina pectoris in women? . have symptoms of indigestion with pain going through to back. uncomfortable rather than severe. could it be heart problems?
how to find medical mairjuana and a dr to prescripe it in florida. saw a video about medical marijuana for children with epilepsy and they thought it would be good for many other conditions in adults and children.
what kind of skin condition/infection is this? . yesterday an apparent skin infection on my check had swollen half of my face and made it extremely sensitive and sore. i seemed to have brought it down with ibuprofen and ice but the size of the actual bump has not diminished and still hurts. the bump itself looks like a raised inflamed elliptical area slightly over one inch long. the area feels mostly hard underneath while the skin above it feels very dry. what would cause this and should i see a doctor?
i have or think i have hair loss when should i contact my doctor?
my three month started vomiting this morning and hasn't been able to keep anything down. what could the problem be?
my labia minora is swollen on both sides. what caused this? . i had rough sex the day before it became irritated. my labia minora is swollen and it itches but hurts to itch and i have occasional bloody discharge. this happened before a few weeks ago after sex but it went away within a few days. is this a serious issue? am i allergic to the condoms? or is it unrelated to the sex and i have a problem? please help
burn from boiling water. how would one treat this?
do i have any risk in getting pregnant immediately after a miscarriage?
can a female human get pregnant from a horse? . i do not think i am pregnant with a horse's baby but could this even happen?
how do you get rid of cigarette smoke smell in your sinuses after an exposure. i have a patient who had a  hour exposure to second hand tobacco smoke. two weeks later she still has the same intense cigarette smoke smell. she has tried flushing her sinuses out with saline and using vicks vapor rub under her nose with no relief of her symptoms.
can i safely take the plan b one step pill two times in one week?
i recently learned a loved one has hsv- (genital herpes). should i be concerned with interaction with my child?
foods are having weird tastes could i be pregnant. my boyfriend and i have unprotected sex a lot. i am on birth control and i know there is a risk of still getting pregnant. lately i've had weird cravings my boobs have been sore and earlier today i was eating french fries with bbq sauce and it tasted like bananas. i haven't noticed any other symptoms and i don't have a period ever because of the birth control. could i be pregnant?
can pre-cum around the vagina (no penetration whatsoever) get a virgin girl pregnant?
can insulin be taken the day before a colonoscopy?
how long should a parent brush or help brush a child's teeth?
can i take relpax  mg for migraine when i take my norco for back pain? is there a side effect if i do mix these two?
what are the symptoms of shingles?
what does systemic lupus erythematosus on the face look like?
hi my name is sara. i' and have all dearrhea symptoms and my period is late for  months whatcan ido without seeindoc. what to do to stop that awfull feelings such as: bowel pain abdominal pain nausea headaches heart srtong beating etc. can this leave an influence on my period? and is dearrhea harmful at my age?
ive been off depo shot for  years and i havent gotten pregnant. could it be from getting the depo shot for so long
ive seen those glycolic peels advertised in magazines. can't i just buy the stuff from the internet and save money?
when i go to washroom i discharge blood and mucus?
should i go to hospital if im pregnant and bleeding. i took a home test that read positive last week ihavent seen a doc
are these spots next to my labia normal?
my nipples have been really sore for the past couple months. the rest of my breast don't hurt. what could cause this? . i'm not pregnant and sometimes they hurt worse than others. has been going on for about  months.
will eating poppy seed bagels cause me to fail a pre-employment drug test?
i had yearly pap yesterday doctor says discharge may be yeasty frightened it is cervical cancer?
does heart burn cause increased heart rate? . i get this feeling of a burning sensation that starts in the top of my stomach and then cause my heart to pound and increase to  beats per min. i then feel nauseous and get some anxiety.
is it true that if you normally get a flu shot that you need to continue getting them? why or why not?
how do you know if you broke you thumb? . i was playing field hockey and i dove for a ball and my thumb bent backwards and now i can't move it cause of the pain. it hurts right where my thumb connects to my hand.
how can i moisturize the areas around my eyes when it's cold and the skin feels and looks more wrinkled and dry?
can lotrisone cream or lotion be used if i am pregnant or plan to become pregnant or if i am nursing?
how how long after heart surgery can you resume your normal workout routine? . my mom had bypass surgery  weeks ago and has only been walking. used to do spin yoga kickboxing etc. when will she be able to workout like this again?
is there possibility for me to make a full recovery after i quit from such a history of drug use? how long will it take? . i have been smoking marijuana consistently for the past  years everyday. in weight i smoke .  a day on average. i also smoke tobacco with my marijuana out of a bong. ive smoked on average half a pack a day of cigarettes. in the last six months i have been using cocaine regularly. almost every time i can get my hands on it ill buy some. on average i would say i have been using  a week. i need to know what level i'm at as far as drug use goes. .
what are symptoms of brain tumors?
i'm  female. started the last few days dizzyspells & tight chest pain also feel like my heart is beating fast sometimes
i am a female-to-male transgender. should i look at male or female asthma chart?
why are my breasts so sore. i'm on the nexplanon implant i had my period june  nd then some time in july then i spotted in august i don't know if that was my period or not and now my boobs are really sore more sore in the morning my boyfriend and i always use a condom and plus i'm on the nexplanon. i always been having white thick discharge. i took a pregnancy test and it was negative it was faint but negative. please help i have no insurance or i would go to the doctor please please help
how can i produce more semen volume when i ejaculate? does hypothyroidism affect testosterone levels? . i'm  years old and i don't produce as much semen volume when i ejaculate. this is somewhat concerning to me. i want to produce more or. increase my semen volume. i have hypothyroidism and i take synthroid  daily. does low testosterone levels affect semen volume. does hypothyroidism affect testosterone levels? i'm not dehydrated.
hypothyroidism. will taking synthroid affect my fertility since it causes irregular menstrual patterns?
can bacterial vaginosis cause a painful rash with blisters? . i developed a rash last week starting with extreme itching then turning to clear blisters then postules. it was very painful and i have been married for ten years and only had one other marriage before him so i am by no means promiscuos. i went to carenow when i couldnt get in with my dr and they said i had herpes and tested me for it but gave me valtrex. turns out the test is negative. blood culture of the blisters everything is negative. mydr said its bv but that doesnt cause blistersdoes it
i just find out by a x ray i have  stables inside of me is it normal after surgery?
are there any particular foods which should be included or excluded from the diet of an individual who has arthritis?
i sometimes stare and my eyes freeze – do you think im having seizures?
can herpes be spread by bed bugs. if a person infected with herpes is bitten by a bed bug can another person bitten by the same bug get infected with herpes?
had accident right hip – i am in a lot of pain in my hip buttocks back and leg.
what is a fatty liver and will weight loss help?
i'm  years old and presently have no health insurance. how do i decide what type of coverage i need?
bruising on arms and legs body aches sometimes fever or chills or sweaty chills
foods such as oysters are rumored to be aphrodisiacs. are there any scientifically proven aphrodisiacal foods or herbs? . sounds like a case for mythbusters but they'd have to air that particular show on a premium cable channel.
"what does it mean if an anastomosis is found to be ""patent""? . i had a bowel resection to correct an obstruction and three weeks later required emergency surgery for further ""post-anastomotic obstruction"". the anastomosis was found to be ""patent"". what does this mean?"
what are the genitals that are affected by genital herpes?
im really scared something is wrong with my kidneys?
how is hypothyroidism treated?
what is albumin?
when the best time to take  mg for blood flow
one of my testices has always been larger. but recently it has grown much larger and hurts (dull pain). so i have always had a larger testicle (the right one) and that has never been an issue. but over the past  months it has grown far larger. roughly double the original size. i am going in for tests in about a week. so my real question is that what else besides testiclar cancer coud be causeing this. trying to stay possitive and hoping its nothing that serious. also the pain has come and gone in the past but for no more than a day in the past. but the last two weeks it has hurt fairly constantly
i have had a cough for about a month now. sometimes produces mucus sometimes dry cough also have had nausea with vomiting and diarrhea
can you take ranitidine with amoxicillin
my husband has been retaining fluid and is on lasix. now his testicles(scrotum) are also extremely enlarged. . he is  diabetic has an enlarged prostate and congestive heart failure. he has had a stroke and sits in a wheelchair all day. we are limiting his fluid intake due to being hospitalized recently with low sodium. what can we do to reduce the swelling. he says it is very uncomfortable!
i was in a bad car accident. since then i commonly feel completely different?
my  year old son has pain on his front thigh we visited many doctors no diagnosis
why am i getting water blisters in an open wound . i am a type  diabetic  years old with parkinsins
is there a cure for vitamin d deficiency. knots on the kneck always tired fever aches and pains
how can i make an easy chicken soup?
who is at risk for cataracts?
what types of crowns are available?
"i have a cyst in my right hand and as it grows the tendinitis in my right foot gets worse. is there a relationship? . the cyst is between my thumb & pointer finger and the tendinitis is near my big toe joint between the big toe & the toe next to it. i've had it drained once before & once drained the tendinitis went away. i'm a professional ballet dancer so most doctors instinctively think - ""pointe shoes""; i know the shoes aggravate the tendinitis but the fact that as the cyst becomes more prominent so does the pain just seems like there might be a relation. any information would be greatly appreciated!"
"what are early warning signs of type- diabeties if you are not obese? . i've taking general blood tests but have not been diagnosed with diabetes. i'm wondering if there's any definite signs/symptoms that would show that i'm at risk i'm female  yrs old white weight  at '"". my grandmother has type  diabetes."
im  weeks pregnant doctor told me now normal delivery is not possible? need second opinion.
is cancer a virus. is cancer a virus? in other words if i'm having intercourse with someone who has hep c and has developed cancer of the liver and now the cancer is on the move can i get it?
how is anemia treated?
which foods can help boost my energy?
pregnancy complications after bj. in the morning my girlfriend actually wanked me out and i ejaculated in tissues. throughout the whole day i urinated for only once and after that at night she started giving me a bj(without ejaculation but i supposed with some pre cum) then we actually french kissed and i started licking her private part. . this was our first time doing and she and i are actually virgin. can i know whats the likelihood of her being pregnant? i am really stressed out as i am afraid that she will be pregnant.
i have lump in the soft tissue of my left leg about  inch above my ankle. i have had an ultrasound and a xray and i have been told it is not life. threatening but the doctor won't tell une but it is hurting and swelling and i am taking pain killers every day. me what it is until he sees me again in june
we lost our only daughter  year ago i have severe upper back pain head ache memory loss and difficultly breathing?
haemorrhage in eye - possible causes? . hi. half of my left eye hemorrhages at times. this typically happens when i am loaded with work. but it happens after long gaps of time almost  years or so. the hemorrhage goes away after using the prescribed eye drops. i don't have any chronic ailment. i am  now. i was  when i first had a hemorrhage. . my eye doctor cites high blood pressure as the reason. my blood pressure ranges between / to /. i measure it about once a week. . what other reasons could there be for the hemorrhage?
when will i have an ultrasound during my pregnancy?
how will i know am infertile
my .  yo son had henoch-schonlein purpura (hsp) developed severe joint pain so bad he can hardly walk?
doctor has advised me to do mesenchymal stem cell transplant need second opinion?
where is l/ and l/ located
diarrhea and stomach pain. i've been having diarrhea for  days. anything i take into my stomach will have to come out within - min but it will come out only a little at a time and have very bad stomach pain while using the bathroom. i would have to wake up - times at night to use the bathroom but only little at a time comes out. my stomach seem to hurt more if i lay down and also feeling a lot of back pain. don't have any fever but a little head ahead here and there. is this normal?
is it safe to use breathe right strips everyday? . is it safe to use these over the counter breathe right strips nasal strips every night forever basically. wont they stretch the structure of nose and make you even stuffier over time without them? thanks
can you fail a drug test from secondnhand marijuana smoke
what is happening with my body? . i have  children. my period was  days late. i feel sick pain on the left side (ovary) pregnancy symptoms. my period lasted  days and was light. the doctor put me on the pill and said to come back in two weeks. in the last week i am having cramps they feel like braxton hicks. i have pressure down there. the pain has gone. i am now feeling a bulge above my pubic bone it seems to be a pointed bulge. it is bigger before i urinate and when i am standing and my jeans have become uncomfortable.
what is white matter brain disease. how is white matter brain disease discovered? how is it treated? i am a  year old female and have had mri and cat scans. the nuerologist wants to do a lumbar draw for further study and i'm not sure if that is necessary
can arrhythmia be caused by extreme exercise or sexual activity?
my daughter has hypotonea what can i do to help her core muscles?
arthritis in ankle rubbing bone on bone and sports(basketball). will they ever coexist for me? . i really want to play ball again but idk how long i will be out due to arthritis im starting physical therapy monday but i want to know when i can get back out there without worrying about pain.
after eating ice cream i have been having pain in my back molars when something cold touches them. what could be wrong?
can you take an antidepressant without being depressed? can it cause harm?
i have constant diarrhea almost every day i have bowl movements  min after eating and cannot pass a solid bowel. for years now this has become a growing issue. i very rarely pass a solid bowel movment. i would say  times a month. i always have to go the bathroom  min after eating. my normal bowel movments per day is - times a day. sometimes much more depending on what i eat. i have tried over the counter anti diarrhea meds but they really dont help. i am at my wits end with this. any ideas as to what this could be? i am not covered by insurance at my job so i avoid going to the doctor at all cost.
my boyfriend and i have as genotype advise how to avoid having sickle-cell disease babies?
i burned my wrist with vapor and the area peeled off. it hurts badly it's swollen and red. should i see a doctor? . i have already started treating it with over the counter neosporin and penicillin. of course i have also been cleaning it with hydrogen peroxide and disinfecting the area. i am still worried about how it looks though.
my father had liver transplant enzymes are increasing highly?
friend had swelling on the brain and was on ventilator but breathing over it wondering if family removed to soon. his blood pressure was high and he was adjatated and they were giving him pain medicine so i always thought that if you brain cells was not working at all that you would not be able to feel any pain. he would also get the hiccups. the more i would talk to him the more he would breath over the machine. i guess my questions is if they would have gave him more time could he maybe have come around even if he would have had to learn to do somethings all over again.
when is the right time to get vaccinated for the seasonal flu?
we are exclusive. she has been on the pill for months. we have both been tested for stds. is condom use needed? . we are both really ocd about pregnancy and stds that's why despite the fact that she is on the pill and has a cellphone alarm to ensure she takes it at the same time everyday and we've both been std tested we still have just used condoms. what is the risk of pregnancy if we didn't use condoms? is this reasonable to do? should i still try to pull-out?
can excessive drinking cause signs of glaucome? . i don't have diabetes high blood pressure or anything else that requires prescriptions. i am  and i don't think there is a history of this condition in my family.
i recently found out i was pregnant is it normal to have light bleeding. on january   the doctor took my urine and told me i was pregnant and took a blood test to confirm it. he called me the next morning to confirm it. i'm not that far along. but then looked at it  minutes later and i was pregnant. anyways my questions are:. ~is it normal to experience light bleeding? . ~is there a certain type of over the counter prenatal vitamins that are better than others? right now i am taking ones that are brand name naturemade multi-prenatal is the kind though
flu shot first of oct. got hives  week later. going on  months. can i be allegic to. done seen doctor. no help. not allegic to eggs. big welts with a bump in the middle. some the size of an egg others the size of a grapefruit. they last about a week go away and come back about a week later. the doctor and i have gone thru everything and i did nothing new or ate nothing new. only different is the flu shot. can it be the shot and how can i stop it?
does getting sunburn while pregnant hurt the baby. i'm only  week pregnant but received really bad sunburn that now has my legs swollen. what can i do and does this hurt the baby?
can taking biotin cause yeast infections? . i have been taking biotin () once a day for the last  weeks since i have been taking it i have noticed  things my urine smells extremely bad and i have been experiencing symptoms close to yeast infections burning when urinating. i notice it happens after i take the pill in the morning would it help to take it at night? . . i am taking it as a routine vitamin for hair and nails. not medically necessary
can having hyperthyroidism cause you to have axiousness and restlessness in the legs i take my medicine everyday. i take my medicine everyday but since i was diagnosed with hyperthyroidism i have been feeling anxious and restlessness in my legs and i can't sit still or relax my doctor has giving me medicine for rls but it hasn't helped the feelings i'm having described above. i have no energy but can't sit still. i'm depressed more because of it and i'm already on depression medicine. can you help me please. i'm tired all the time and no energy as i said but i can't sit still and relax.
where in pittsburgh and find a specialist that specializes in postpolio
how fertile is your body when coming off birth control? . i've been on birth control for about  months now and i have not liked the experience w/ it at all and would like to get off of it as soons as possible. the only thing is that i'm extremely scared i'm going to be more fertile.
should i go back to the hospital as  levels have dropped to  after afib and irregular heart stay  hrs. ago.?
unexplained headaches  does mri show problem?
can acute use of nail polishes and polish removers and acetone for false nails trigger migraines. my daughter uses these items regularly in her profession
why do i now have a lack of sensitivity in my penis. it isn't numb but takes a longer time to achieve orgasm? . i don't have difficulty getting an erection. i have plenty of energy throughout the day and t tests ok. i haven't taken medications for - months. (celebrex percocet tramadol effexor). i currently take  of vitamin d daily. vaginal intercourse works fine but oral sensation (lack of) is what seems unexplainable to me. . over the last .  years i have had a few cortizone injections in my shoulder and knee. but no major injury to my back.
i have spherocytocis i had surgery to remove my spleen last week however i just had another gallbladder attack?
what conditions does ibifon  treat?
how can i know when my stress has crossed a threshold into full blown anxiety?
i have got pimples all over my face. i changed my dermatologist twice since they proved me of no help?
is there any truth to the eggplant dinner before labor? is there a pharmaceutical equivalent?
i heard the irs can only collect health insurance penalties for not signing up by deducting them from tax refunds. if you structure your withholding to never get a refund can you permanently avoid obamacare until it fails?
if i'm travelling with a time change should i adjust the time of day to take my birth control pill? . i will be travelling to alaska from florida & with the  hour time difference will that affect the effectiveness of my taking the pill. for example i currently take it @  est but i will be going  hours backwards. do i need to adjust & take it @  or is it okay to wait those 'extra' hours?
what can you give a  year old on warfarin for a fever of  on a mouth thermometer
what should a health care provider do if a patient or parent insists on antibiotics even if it wont treat the illness?
can my  old take amoxicillin and also an otc also? . can my  old take amoxicillin and also an otc also? she started out with an sore throat the  which i gave her amoxicillin the next day and now today she has been sneezing no coughs only runny nose and i would like to give her pediacare multi symptom colds w/actphn.
what causes gerd?
is there a cure for mrsa?
what is the difference between  of alprazolam and  diazepam (pill form)? . i have been taking  alprazolam bars (. ) a day for sleep and anxiety for  years. now my dr. is changing it to  diazepam tablets at .  mgs a day instead. what is the difference?
after delivery how long should i wait to get my tooth pulled?
can the fever of roseola cause a seizure?
does a prostate cancer (or any type of cancer) spreads rapidly after a biopsy is done or is it just a myth?
is self-injury a medical emergency that i have to tell someone about or is it not a big deal? (i am  years old). i'm a  year old girl and just started zoloft for depression and anxiety about a week ago. everything has gotten worse including self-harming (which no one knows about). how long will it take the medicine to start working; and is it important for me to tell someone about the self-injuring or is it not that big of a deal?
i forgot pill by  hours. had sex. condom came off. am i pregnant should i take plan b? . help. should i take plan b?
what illnesses often co-exist with bipolar disorder?
why do i get nosebleeds for no apparent reasons? . i get nosebleeds quite often and for no apparent reasons. it starts on its own at any given time. normally it stops in a few min. when i get nosebleeds my forehead gets hot like i'm running a fever. at the same time i can feel my blood pressure going up. it often happens when i'm stressed (both mentally and physically). this has been going on since i was a child (i'm  years old) and getting worse as i get older. there's no trauma or pain just bleeding. can it be something serious?
can prostate cancer spread to the bladder? . about three yrs. ago i was diagnosed to have prostate cancer with a gleason  score (+ i believe it was). i opted for watchful waiting and monitoring my psa numbers. yesterday's urine sample showed a  score on the rbc. i've been referred back to the urologist and being sent to have a ct scan of my kidneys bladder and ureter. if my prostate cancer were to begin an aggressive growth would it spread to the bladder?
urine prugent odor with frequent urinations and intense non-painful flow. started with  lemon water in mornings. take lasix for congested heart failure to urinate more often and relive the fluid in my body. started drinking () lemon water when i wake up in the mornings. now i urinate too often i drink something and it goes straight through me. i urinate so much now i don't need the lasix to help me urinate. i have also lost  from dieting and i juice my greens (vegs) drink a lot of soda (diet and regular) do drink water kool-aid and urine smells very strong. is there some wrong?
my daughter has the flu & been seen by a doctor  x in  days but she is still running a high fever what should i do?
my daugter is swelling we got told its peanuts took that out but still having a reaction what can it be? . she is developing a rash and some swelling. we have cut everything out that we could possible rule out. it starts out as itching then swelling over almost anything she eats. how can find out what it is.
what is gonerilla? . my doctor just called and told me i tested positive for gonerilla and that they were putting me on antibiotics bit i don't know how i got it or what the symptoms are. do i need to tell the last guy i had sex with to get tested? i've always used a condom so i'm not sure i got jt
what types of exercises work best for fibromyalgia symptoms?
dry itchy patches on my face need second doctor opinion?
could my previous method of birth control affect my fertility?
it was recently discovered that i have a large cyst with stems on my right ovary. other than surgery is there any other remedy?
how des a man with type ii diabetes bp controlled to  and epilepsy deal with ed? do i have options?
dark spots appear on my kids skin no fever or any changes on his health?
i have or think i have ulcerative colitis when should i contact my doctor?
is there any medication safe to take for anxiety of flying while trying to get pregnant?
i have excessive vaginal discharge white and thick and odor is bad getting worse?
my -year-old has had diarrhea for almost three days now. is it safe to give him pepto-bismol along with pedialyte?
my daughter cries after and sometimes while eating?
i have pain in the upper-outside part of my right heel. can this be caused by driving and resting my heel on the floor?
"over the past year a ""dent"" has appeared on the left side of my penis most notable during erection. . i'm in my late 's . . it does not hurt but my penis is no longer straight. is this something to be concerned about? what could it be? should i see a doctor?"
my daughter 'zones out' for - seconds often her eyes zone or sometimes roll and she has no clue what happened during. this time. she's normally not confused but does normally say 'now what? ' or it will take her a second to recall what happened. i think this is epilepsy (the absence kind). is there anything i can do to help or reduce the occurance. she's  and it happens about  or more days a week. some times once a day sometimes multiple times over a few hours.
i have a rash thought it might be some type of fungus doc says ringworm?
after having sex for first time first period was normal second is late. is this normal? . okay so i am  and had sex for the first time.  days later i got my first period on schedule like normal. it's now a month later and my second period is late. i read that stress is a big factor but i am extremely worried. is it normal that my second period is late? is it even possible to be pregnant if my first period was normal? please help.
what is the best way to prevent hair loss for men?
im having stomach problems and my face is flushed and hot since getting a cortisone injection. are these side effects? . i was given a cortisone injection in my knee a few days ago.
what can i expect during week  of my pregnancy?
is a temerature of  ok if there is a sore throat involved?
which osteoporosis medication is right for me?
i have retro peritoneal fibrosis with an aortic aneurysm?
what otc medicines are available for cold sores?
am i pregnant? . hi ive been feeling very sick stomach feels werid being going through a lot of mood swings and body hasn't been good to me lately. i have been feeling like this ever since i last had sexual inter course and in my head its telling my im pregnant and i have always had my periods and haven't missed it but im scared if i am pregnant or not? please help
kindly advice me nutritional supplements as well as dosage i should take during pre-pregnancy period for a healthy baby
what time of the day should blood pressure medications be taken?
husband has swelling in his entire legs and hands and has pain and see below. all blood work- negative and has had all the heart scans and ultra sounds and echo cardiogram and everything is normal. the doctors do not know what it is. could it be that his veins are leaking blood back into his system? he does have burning and numbness and tingling in his hands feet and posterior especially when he is at rest or driving.
husband and i had unprotected sex twice and twice he ejaculated next day i get my period. can i still get pregnant? . we want to have a baby but i want to know if it is possible if i could become pregnant if we had sex and the next day i get my period. my period last month began on the  so i am late two days.
i have red rashes all over my body and spreading!
had a pulmanary embolism on coumadin now taking enoxaparin injections twicce a day. how long can i take this.
hello can a man with blood group ab+ marry a lady with blood group o+?
unwell for about  days sore throat cough pain under right rib spots on hands and feet?
several medical conditions need to know what kind of doctor to see. diabetes osteoporosis psoriasis high blood pressure. possible psoratic arthritis
what are some muscle-strengthening exercises for people with osteoporosis?
is it safe to crack your fingers and other parts of your body?
can hiv meds (complera) be taken by people who don't have hiv? . my friend claims she got a false positive hiv test because her immune system is in very bad shape. she was talking about viral load (i thought that only has to do with hiv not viruses in general? ) and a high t-cell count. her doctor prescribed her hiv medication (complera) to take for the rest of her life even though she doesn't have hiv just a very bad immune system. is this even possible or is she lying? we're very close we share razors and piercings should i get tested?
im concerned about my elevated blood pressure?
"do shingles itch? . this past tuesday tiny ""bumps"" appeared in what felt like a small circle in the lower center part of my back. they began to spread very quickly and itch. the ""bumps"" now hurt slightly to touch and i noticed that sitting in the seat of my car is very uncomfortable if pressure is exerted in that area. . i don't know that this is shingles but i'm not sure that it isn't. can you provide any help/information? . . thanks!"
am i suffering from anxiety or is it something worse? .  months ago i suffered a bad anxiety attack and went to the er and had an ekg chest x-ray mri blood and urine test done and everything was good. ever since i have been getting random mild episodes of anxiety attacks dizziness lightheaded and palpitations. sometimes i cant sleep because i feel something like a brain zap that keeps me up. is there anything to worry about or are these common symptoms of anxiety? . i used to use cocaine a few times/week months ago but i haven't touched that since.
what i should do to get rid of eye puffiness? and if im looking for cosmetic surgery do i need general anesthesia?
i have a fracture on my left hand finger while i was playing football?
i signed up for health insurance through covered california. it shows my application is complete. i chose a kaiser policy. how can i be sure i have insurance come jan. ? i need to cancel my current policy which is doubling in price.
i have developed a tremor in my left hand concerned that this is a progression of something that went not diagnosed?
i have leg sores and diabetes. i am not sure what to do. i am a  year old woman who is very overweight and has type  diabetes. recently i noticed some sores on the inside of my thigh. i thought it might be due to a vericose vein. the sores look like bruises but some of them have little sores on them. i thought it might be due to poor circulation and so i started massaging the area. since then they have tripled. i have a dr. 's appt. soon. they don't hurt but they are a bit itchy. what is wrong with me and should i be concerned?
what are some of the symptoms of pregnancy?
how dangerous is it to self perscribe adderall or ritalin. i have a very hard time concentrating and i am doing a master degree not a good combination. i am working in a far corner of the middle east and don't have easy access to doctor but these types of meds can be bought locally legally i am told.
why have i all of a sudden started uncontrollably eating? . i am a  year old female. i'm  foot  inches tall i weigh  pounds i never can eat all my food. i usually eat like a bird. the last two weeks i've been eating like crazy i just can't seem to get full. my boyfriend think i need to go take a pregnancy test.
just went off birth control instead of period i have white discharge. am i pregnant or is this my body adjusting? . i just went off birth control after  years. i went off right after i had finished a period. about  weeks after that my boyfriend had some unprotected sexual activity. he was inside briefly but did not finish. my period normally starts two days ago to today and instead i just have white discharge and normal cramping. should i be worried that i am pregnant or are these the signs of my body regulating after going off birth control? how long should i wait to take a pregnancy test or see a doctor?
i'm  and in the last year my penis (at erect) curved inward. i have never used ed meds. partner likes it. don't have any problems getting erect but the change has been significant
i have worn my wedding ring for years. recently eczema appeared on my finger where the ring touches. what can i do?
my bf has pericarditis heart pains never last now pain wont go away?
is it an urban legend that people have picked up and heard radio and tv signals from their tooth fillings?
i was diagnosed with a .  cm large brain lesion on my left temporal i have headache?
what activities provide good aerobic exercise and build cardivascular endurance?
my stepdad has diabetes and currently has a fever. what can we use to lower his fever?
what is melatonin?
which is the best age range to get marry for men? . please give me a logical answer. i'm a  yr girl so what is the. . possible & appropriate age limit for a man to marry me? are men above  are also suitable for me medically?
glipizide vs metformin as a medication for type  diabetes? . i understand that glipizide stimulates the production of more insulin by the pancreas in order to control blood sugar levels in type  diabetes; that metformin helps to decrease insulin resistance helping the body to absorb the sugar taking it out of the blood faster. which is better? will the pancreas eventually stop production of insulin from constant over stimulation by taking glipizide daily? is there a down side to metformin also?
who is required to go to the healthcare. gov website and purchase health insurance?
fell on stairs a week and a half ago. there is bruising and soreness and pain on tailbone. could i have fractured it? . i didn't find any answers reading other post. i am just wondering if i maybe just bruised my tailbone real bad or i fractured it. of course when i fell i was sore all over but the worst on my bottom for a week. a lot of the soreness is gone now but my tailbone area still hurts and if i do anything to put pressure or hit it it hurts really bad. doing floor exercise laying on my back irritates it. i haven't went to a dr.
im completely debilitated when im sick why?
is retin-a micro used for reducing fine lines and wrinkles?
my dr told me i was in diabetic range he perscribed me some medicaion and i refuse to take it. . i want to know what are the risks of not taking medicine when i am looseing weight and on a regular exercise plan.
im  have a  old and havnt been on contraception since why cant i get pregnant? i dont have csyts and i am healthy. i had a scan like a month ago and everything came back normal to make sure ovaries etc were fine. i have normal pap smears aside from showing bv and also my partner and i are intimate everynight if not every other night. i know people say to relax and just let it happen which we were doing for the first year and a half but now it's just rediculous. four years is a long time to wait especially when i'm still young and surely shouldn't have problems getting pregnant surely please help me! <positive_smiley>
does hcv interact with any other medications?
"can you get pregnant without having sex? . my liltte cousins swears up and down that she didnt not have sex they were just ""messing"" around. but yet she became pregnant and has now had the baby. but she is still insisting that she and the boyfriend did not phyiscal have intercourse. can you talk about this please so i can tell her she is not fooling anyone!"
i had an acute ebv antibody test done and my results were all negative
what if blood sugar level is  /dl
do i have to wait till a missed period to tell if i'm pregnant? . i had my period  week ago. last night we had an oops. i would like to find out as soon as possible if i am pregnant because i am on an anti depressant that should not be taken while pregnant. i don't want to stop the medicine for  weeks if this is just a false alarm. we don't have  bucks to go get a day after pill. ( that sounds pathetic)
my iron was really low would doc call me right away/have me wait  weeks until next appointment if results were bad
confused. my menstrual cycle was supposed to be  til . and its the  of january and still haven't gotten my period.
i have this thing on my face no clue what it is?
my doctor said i was healthy. but then said i may have depression and anxiety but did nothing what do i do? . i went to get blood work done because i kept trembling and was unable to sleep for days. the i would get headaches and also dizzy. i still get these symptoms and feel sad and don't want to do anything. my doctor said i most likely have anxiety or depression but my parents said that was impossible so he did nothing about it. i don't want to hurt myself but i want this feeling to end. it feels as if it never ends and it's really tiring.
what are the odds of having a partial hysterectomy and then getting pregnant? . this situation was presented to me by a friend  year old woman hx of partial hysterectomy suddenly finds out she is  to  weeks pregnant but never knew. states there is a heartbeat and its a girl. next day she goes to the dr and finds out she lost the baby. there were no previous complaints of pain and or bleeding. how likely do you think this story is?
i had temporomandibular joint disorders i have terrible ear ache and sore throat?
"i just got diagnosed w/herpes type  in my genital area. should i now avoid sex with my partner to avoid getting type ? . we have been sexually active for  months but i understand one of us probably had herpes from before that. i am just confused about the difference between type  and type . my doctor said my genital region (vaginal) was infected with type . but now i guess that would be called ""genital herpes"". so do i have type ? or does he? i am tested annually for everything and have never been positive for either type. and i don't know how serious this diagnosis is or if i should avoid sex with him."
what causes bacterial vaginosis? should i be worried if it this infection keeps popping up?
are there alternative treatments for genital herpes?
i thought the marketplace was for those with low incomes. i can't get insurance through the marketplace or medicaid.
i've been told premiums for health insurance through the exchange will be - times more than what i currently pay. as of now i have cobra insurance payments that cost more than $ for two adults. what can you tell me about this?
consuming large amounts of baking soda. is drinking alot of baking soda bad for me.
should i take calcium pills or vitamins that are expired?
my  month old screams when having a bowel movement. she is not constipated and is quite regular. (daily) she usually screams for about  minutes and then seems ok after she is done.
had  teeth removed swelling has increased everyday since surgery?
i had a heart attack  year ago how long can i expect to carry on taking statins and is there an alternative. i am a  year old male who was diagnosed at the same time as a type  diabetic which i now control with my diet and change of lifestyle and no longer take the medication. i have a bmi of .  after losing  kilos and i exercise daily.
ive been diagnosed with a uti and have antibiotics that arent doing anything?
my teen has anxiety which is controlled by medication but dr wants to take him off the medication. why? is this safe? . my son was having hallucinations and was given antipsychotic meds  mos ago.  mos ago he was dx with anxiety and rx anxiety meds. he hasn't had hallucinations since.  months ago dr stopped antipsych meds. he is currently taking anxiety meds. hes doing very well and still no hallucinations. dr wants to lower dose of anxiety meds til he is no longer on med. his anixety was so severe it caused hallucinations. is it possible for a teen to outgrow anxiety to the point no med is necessary?
i have a burning sensation in my face neck and ears that comes and goes. what could be causing this? . just curious to what could be going on. i suspect high bloodpressure but am not able to see my doctor until april  due to her being booked up until then. i am really worried that it could be something very serious. please help?
my mouth just filled with dark red blood?
i have dropped a clothing size through liposuction and tightening will i also lose weight?
<link> cogni focus reviews least there's more oversight with all the major pharma products however these types of herbal solutions are so under-researched or maybe unresearched we have a quantity taking part in russian roulette as soon as using these people and a greater level than with fda-regulated elements. . <link>
i suffer sleep deprivation through what appears to be electromagnetic sensations?
are policies purchased through the marketplace going to pay claims like a regular insurance policy? . or is it going to be more related to payment like medicaid or medicare? this will make a difference as to if providers will be willing to add these patients to their practice.
discharge after ovulation. preg? . my last period ended //. i had unprotected sex // in the afternoon. i started ovulation that night. a week later i had a small amount of white thick discharge. could i be pregnant? i had my first child  years ago so assuming i could no longer have children. i never really thought about it until this happened.
if i choose a bronze plan but decide later to switch to a silver plan do i have to wait a year?
can taking ramipril and avalide damage my kidneys?
where can buy real hcg injecting? . do i have to go to the doctor?
i have medicaid (dshs) and my  month time limit is up but i get medicaid until december  . . i have diabetes and i am worried that i won't have health insurance after december. i have no income was denied by ssi and am also recovering from an infection in my foot so i'm on a pic line to my heart to administer antibiotics. what do i do?
why do my breast nipples stay hard and sore i haven't had a period for  months is it a sign of pregnancy
what will happen if you stop morphine cold turkey?
how long is the stay after removing growth from falopian tube
can tight underwear affect ejaculation? . i wear what amounts to tights all the time. i notice especially lately that i can have an erection and all the feelings just fine but can't seem to come to full climax and ejac. does the tight underwear have anything to do with that?
diagnosed with ulcerative colitis developed an swelling/growth around the vagina?
why is my period less painful than usual? . i recently got my period (after missing last months) this time i got cramps  times only  of which was painful. the other  were more of a discomfort. i took a pregnancy test twice last month both times came back negative. the last time i had sex was late november. also although i know its rare my mom had her period the first two months of pregnancy. could these be signs of a possible pregnancy even though i got my period?
is a half a cup of coffee with % milk in the morning ok for someone with diabetes?
how do people catch pneumonia?
i have fibromyalgia with severe leg pain radiating from the hip area to my toes. can antidepressants help? . i was taking effexor for depression and that helped but i went off because of side effects.
how is phonophobia related to migraines?
is my daughter's viral pharyngitis contagious? . asking this for my daughter. i don't want her to get anyone in our family sick. especially if my daughter has to go to school she is also in choir should i write a note to her teacher letting her know if she has to rest her voice? should i keep her home?
i am unable to wear a wristwatch with a metal or leather strap because i get rashes on my wrist. what do you suggest? . also clothing brand labels and tags inside my clothes cause skin irritation.
i had the flu or bronchitis and now developed serious sinus infection?
can fiber help lower cholesterol?
if i'm fingering a pregnant girl can the baby grab my finger? !?
i have undifferentiated connective tissue disease. brain mri shows white spots?
i have got pimples all over my face. i changed my dermatologist twice since they proved me of no help?
can testosterone injections increase the risk of liver cancer?
under health-care reform when will there be fewer restrictions on mental-health sessions? . why is an insurance company allowed to limit how many therapy sessions a patient can have a year?
is fatigue after surgery normal
taking garcinia cambogia is it harmful to me if i have an enlarged prostate
should i get my nostril cauterized a  time when it bleeds again? . i recently had my nostril cauterized due to excessive nose bleeds. i made the mistake of sleeping on that side of my face & woke up spitting out blood & a nose bleed.
again my dr. is sending me for blood work one test says .  long term drug use. what is this test looking for? . i am asking because i do not use narcotics or pain killers and it reads like i am a drug user?
i am in my  and i am starting to get hairs on my chin and upper lip. why? . i can't afford to have it lasered. can i shave it or pluck it? i heard it will grow back thicker if i do.
peace of mind could she be pregnant? . i recently had sex. we mutually masturbated each other she got off first then it was my turn. i ended up coming up on her chest. after about - minutes we walked to the bathroom and she started to grind on me mainly rubbing my soft penis in between her cheeks. then we had sex with a condom in which i didn't ejaculate.
what is migraine and how does it differ from other headaches?
i use xonepex in my nebulizer for my emphysema. could i use a watered down solution of vicks vapor steam in my nebulizer. what would be the side effects in doing this? it would be a mild solution and not a replacement for my xonepex. i also use a cpap to sleep with at night. could i put a drop of vicks vapor steam in my water tank to breath in instead of just plain water?
i had my period  weeks ago and my boobs ache which they never ever do and im tired all the time preg test is neg. could i be pregnant only  weeks after a period and already have the symptoms but its to early to detect it by a test and thats been my only period in a yr due to birth control and it only lastedone day
my implanon expired may   and i still have it in and its jan. . why has it not lose effectiveness.? . i haven't had anything weird happen. everything is still the same from when i first got it. only thing is i have developed and ovarian cyst . but need to mention i'm only . does that have anything to do with it?
how bad is smoking herbs such as mugwort and damiana? . i am aware it is harmful regardless but i wanted to know how bad it really is for someone who smokes around three pipe bowls a week. these are pure herbs with no additives. not necessarily those two only. thank you!
smashed finger now swollen finger tip what to do
is staph infection contagious and how by kissing and having sex
i am  and been on testosterone since . this has caused me to be infertile. what are chances this can be reversed.
my fallopian tubes are blocked do you recommend i freeze my eggs?
my daughter is taking geodon trazadone and propranolol. is it safe to give her zantac for occasional heartburn?
could there be a connection between pycnodysostosis and osteoporosis?
i got spinal meningitis which affected my legs and hands with a lot of edema to where i could not even walk?
what are low blood pressure signs and symptoms?
i have had hep c for a long time but lately i have had pain under my ribs on my right side
can a tetanus shot be given a week after wound? .  yr. -old has an infected wound on shin from metal object. this happened two weeks ago. on second series of antibiotic treatment. no tetanus shot given. over ten years since last one. is the tetanus shot necessary?
it hurts to swallow on one side pressure in the ear same side. possable sinus infection?
have little sore like things on the bottom of my feet they are not painful or irritating but look unpleasent.
should i continue exercise if i have a cold or bronchitis? . i developed sinus pressure and chest congestion. i continued my running. when my symptoms didn't improve after  weeks i went to a doctor who gave me a steroid and an antibiotic but said it was okay to keep running. i recovered mostly though i still felt the symptoms a little. last night i developed a dry cough which feels again to be in my chest and i have a little sinus pressure again. my exercise helps me mentally but is it the cause of my prolonged problem?
we have this patient whos veins on upper and lower extremities are no longer accessible due to multiple peripheral insertion?
my  year old has a snot like substents coming from her ear. she has had several ear infections and strep-throat just want to know if its related and should i be worried
i developed blisters that have grown and its getting worse day by day?
i have been suffering from joint disease for  months?
ive had  knee operations knee feels like loose?
my children  and  like to eat half their dinner at  p. m. and the rest at  p. m. then dessert. is that healthy?
when i wake up i feel stomach aches super hot muscle soreness headaches/migraines constant hacking and sweating.
how can i find the best surgeon for my procedure?
arthrosis of the hip joint (coxarthrosis) are my running days over?
can a virgin women get pregnant without penetration. my gf was at my place she had no clothes on her and i rubbed my penis on her vagina for  minutes then suddenly when i realized that my cum will be released soon i removed my penis from her vagina and my cum was released on the floor is it possible that she will get pregnant? we did the same thing two times.
how can i get thicker hair?
on friday / i will be  weeks pregnant i found out on tuesday / was having brownish spotting a couple days prior. before i found out i was right around the time of my cycle roughly a week late maybe a little less and i am still having brownish spotting with a minute amount of pieces of tissue (i assume). i also have very mild cramping not like period cramping a lot less but just enough to notice sometimes i get a pain that shoots across my stomach (like a nerve misfiring). not necessarily painful but i notice it. is this normal what can i do to help? this is my first so i suppose i am nervous.
my mother has suddenly become almost totally non talkative?
what is the relationship between what's in your diet and whether or not you develop acne?
lying down flat and lifting up my head my stomach bulges in the center from my chest to my navel and is very soft. my ab muscles are hard on either side but the center is bulging and soft. is this normal or is this some kind of hernia?
is there a way to reverse arthritis or slow down the progression of it
i smashed my hand in a sliding glass door a day and a half a go. i have a few cuts and it swelled up pretty bad. . i can move my fingers but i can't bend them all the way. do you think there is still a possibility of a break or fracture?
can antibiotic use over  months create a more chronic nausea bowel urgency and anxiety after use? . i am  and in february was bit by a spider on my face and ended up with a staph infection and on clindamycin for  weeks. right after got my first kidney stone and pyleonephritis and treated with cipro. now two months later with a residual nauseous stomach and bowel irregularities urgency and feeling of anxiety due to chronic nausea and bowel issues. probiotics do not to seem to be helping.
if the mother has a yeast infection on the breast can it cause oral thrush on the baby?
how do i stop snorting subutex? . i have been snorting subutex for two years.  and a half  mg pills once per day. i started using subutex just for the high not to get off of another drug. i've started to get clean; july  i stopped snorting them and starting orally taking a half a pill a day. what should i be expecting as far as withdrawals and what are the best ways to go about dealing with them? eg. vitamins diet changes etc. also my insurance won't cover most doctors but should i try using methadone? . thanks . michelle
what pills can reduce stomach fat and consistant bloating. a vegetarian and gluten free but still retain stomach fat and bloating i exercise regularly and drink plenty of water. looking for help.
what canbe the cause for chlamydia not going away after treatment and no sexual intercourse after being diagnosed
i am a veteran who has beta thalassemia minor and asthma while in deployment in afghanistan?
is a person more susceptible to fibromyalgia if they have osteoarthritis?
is a pet scan dangerous for some one with kidney disease? . one kidney  % function. previous unilateral mastectomy multiple melanoma copd age  yr old female.
i had swelling in feet ankles and legs low hemoglobin now swelling again?
how does the doctor detect prostate enlargement?
i had lumbar spinal fusion on //. i am now having alot of pain. recommended procedure consider too dangerous?
can you get pregnant dry humping with clothes on both partners? by clothes i mean both wearing jeans and underwear? . this event took place  days ago. i had a lighter period at the appropriate time. nine home pregnancy tests say not pregnant. i am currently experiencing pms symptoms at the correct time of my cycle. could i still be pregnant though?
i live in nyc where individual health insurance is maddening! . i run my own company by myself where a lot of insurances require  people in the company for insurance. is sole proprietor insurance better than obamacare? i have a choice between oxford and united -- blue cross said they might have to cancel the insurance after the first of the year and aetna isn't offering anything. what is my best course?
i have a clear odorless discharge every time i wipe from urinating. no other symptoms. what could this be? . this discharge reminds me so much of the bloody show you have when pregnant. only im not pregnant. its clear and very thick and slimy. i have had it for about  weeks now and its there everytime i wipe after i pee. cervical cancer runs in my family and i had the hpv virus when i was . i have had some small spots on my cervix a couple years back. should i be worried? and what is it? .
when can i start buying insurance through the marketplace?
what are the minimum coverage requirements if you want to buy your own health insurance?
my urine has a bad smell and is cloudy what can be wrong?
i have bacterial vaginosis my partner has gonoccocal urethritis im really worried?
my current health policy does not cover my carpal tunnel. what happend in january  if i stay with this plan?
how can i stop my child from being a picky eater?
what does the future hold for osteoarthritis?
what are the side effects of the hepatitis a vaccine?
how long does it typically take to get rid of foot fungus?
i contracted a spinal infection and  operations later i have been left with a damaged spine?
can the als challange cause an undiagnosed heart condition to appear?
my mom has shinglescan she transmit it to me?
prevent hand foot and mouth disease. my granddaughter is almost  years old and just started a new daycare. she has only been there for two weeks and has contracted hand foot and mouth disease. how could this have been prevented? what can the daycare do to stop future outbreaks?
home ovulation test. my wife and i have been trying to conceive for about a year now and this is the first time we are using a home ovulation kit to verify when the time is right. she started getting positive results from the tests  days after day  of her cycle but we have yet to see a peak result. her cycles are very irregular could the tests show a strong level of lh hormone if there are fertility issues?
my fourth toe has been amputated is surgery possible to bring the remaining toes together?
my  year old was diagnosed with cellulitis what do i do?
my child is  can she have mono this young
what specialists deals in muscles tendons and ligaments. dr says my muscle cant be healed only exercise and meds. . i would like to see a pain specialist who would that be? i have a stretched muscle upper back shoulder right arm. muscle spasms severe at times. do i need surgery for this muscle to heal?
could the acne on my back have anything to do with my diet?
is it possible to get pregnant if the boy ejaculates touches some semen wipes it off and then fingers me after? . i know it only takes one sperm and one egg but i was told as soon as sperm touch air they die. is this true? also i just finished my period probably three days before. and he wiped his fingers off and they were dry when he inserted them but is there still a possibility of becoming pregnant?
would it cause a blood clotting issue if i take both  () and vitamin / (-)? i don't take warfarin. i'm not taking any prescription medications like warfarin coumadin. i want to supplement myself with both  ( ubiquinol) and vitamin k (alternating: mwf with   and tths with  ). i have read that  will interact with vitamin k but so far as i read it only addresses concerns if you take both  and vitamin / with warfarin or coumadin. is it okay for me to take both  and vitamin / or is there going to be a blood clotting issue or any other issue?
despite regular cardio exercise and eating healthy i can't seem to lose weight? . okay maybe i can't lose weight is misleading but i am losing muscle and gaining fat. my exercise includes running for an hour at least four times a week for over a month and eating includes eating salads eggs fruits and white meats like chicken (and none of the junk i won't even allow myself cheat days). in spite of the fact that i have lost  i don't look any thinner. in fact i've gained fat and it's becoming increasingly harder to continue keep the same running time and pace.
can hydrocodone cause swollen feet. i am taking formulated hydrocodone - no tylenol and been having problems with swallen feet/ankles. i also have i blood pressure and take benecar. just recently dropped bystolic.
"i was diagnosed with an ear infection sept . i still have fluid ""trickle"" from my ears at night. do i need to go back. i finished all of my antibiotics. it took at least a week for my ear to ""unplug"". i am  years old. my ear doesn't hurt very much anymore - but i'm still feeling the fluid trickling out when i'm asleep. wasn't sure if this was normal or if i need to go back and have it looked at again. it's been  weeks. thanks!"
are triglycerides affected by non alcoholic wine? . i have a family history of high triglycerides but i enjoy a glass of wine or two at dinner with my wife. . . . my fasting triglycerides levels are consistently over  when tested for more than ten years now. . . . i take lovastatin  mg daily but will non alcoholic wine lower triglycerides and still deliver the benefits of moderate wine consumption? . . . . thanks for your time.
will taking  thyroid pills in  day hurt me? . took a levothyroxin at  am and just forgot and took another just a minute ago will this harm me its  mg?
are reclipsen and ortho-cept the same kind of pill or similar to each other? do they help with acne?
what cream i use for m vaginal pimple? help me please i feel fever i need the answer help me pls.
"could my girlfriend be pregnant? how early is too early for an accurate test? is spotting after a week late a good sign? . my girlfriend and i are in a long-distance monogamous relationship. over the  of july i went out to spend a few days with her and on the  we got a little too drunk and had unprotected sex. i pulled out but we all know that's hardly ""safe"" sex. . she was expecting her period anytime between thurs july  to sat july  and as of today (july ) there is still nothing and we are both more than a little freaked out. she has had no breast tenderness or fatigue and only some spotting."
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of anti-allergy medication?
how do i treat excessive gas in a newborn? . my child is  weeks old. i currently breastfeed him but due to the fact that he was getting really bad gas cramps i opted to mix the breastmilk with formula for sensitive stomachs to help. i have tried regular formula and formula for lactose sensitivity to see if he was intolerant and nothing seems to work. he wakes up screaming in the night with stomach pains and when he does pass gas it is really loud and he sometimes cries because it is painful to him. what should i do to try to ease the gas?
my daughter had a gastroenteritis bug?
bleeding from anus blood in urine pain in lower back
i had an allergic reaction while taking a shower i am not allergic to anything or any medication?
who is making the new recommendations about pap smears?
can my girlfriend get pregnant from me if she is already pregnant from another man?
i have pain in left abdominal for  days now please diagnose?
doc today did a pap test then asked me to do urine preg test few mins later she did a blood test. why all the tests? . i am on nortell // and have had a brown spotty discharge every  in the last  months. last real period was in september. since then been this brown stuff. doc said it is old blood that hasnt fell out and she don't kno why. she did not tell me the urine test results and said tomro she will tell me what is test results. i do kno i asked her about a rh factor blood. she said only if i am preg will she do the test but i overheard her tell the nurse to test for it.
what are genital herpes symptoms and signs?
what are the symptoms of schizophrenia?
what are the symptoms of a cataract?
is there a link between continually hives and sythetic thyroid medications? . i just started to get hives on my body one day. the dermatologists did the removal of possible triggers and nothing helped. it has been about  and / yrs and i have to take antihistamine medications to keep them at bay. i also have hypothyroidism (for  yrs. ) and i heard synthetic medications may cause thyroid antibodies to react against the body causing the hives. has anyone seen this connection?
i had ovarian cancer and reflux surgery i still deal with constant nausea. i can barely eat and i am unable to live life and go anywhere?
ive been ill for the past seven weeks need a second doctor opinion?
why is a liver biopsy important for managing chronic hepatitis c?
what can i do about puffy bags under my eyes?
does the risk of miscarriage increase with a pregnancy after age ?
i had an acute ebv antibody test done can i rule out the very rare fatal disease scaebv?
why does sugar make me tired? i can have  piece of hard candy and . later i get so sleepy. i'm not diabetic. can i change how my body processes sugar?
what is cryotherapy for prostate cancer?
is it normal to bleed a little over a week after having a pap smear after sex wile pregnant
fetal echo cardiography done doctors suggested to abort but we want to continue?
is it true high intake of vitamin e helps with fertility?
why has nearly all my under arm hair disappeared in the last couple years? . i am a  year old male in good health overall. is the hair loss part of the normal aging process?
can smoking cause asthma?
is it normal to feel ear drops drain to your eye? . my  yr old daughter complains of feeling the liquid abt - seconds after i instill them. she said sometimes she feels them go in her eye and sometimes it stops abt an inch from the outside corner of her eye. she is lying down when i instill the drops. she does have a tube in her ear still. i've heard of them draining to the back of the throat but not into the eye from the ear. she has a auto immune and or auto inflammatory disease not yet known. thank you!
how is thrush treated?
i'm  years old. my skin is becoming more sensitive to skin care products. can skin become sensitive over time?
what happens if i have gallstones and pancreatitis?
i have severe constipation and bloating problem with slight vaginal bleeding. please help.
at  i have started constantly breaking out all over my face. can a dermatologist help?
ive been ill for two years lyme disease neck weakness and arm shaking is my condition treatable?
 old boy bleeding from nose. it is not havy but - drops - times a month. what may be d cause? and remedy?
having a period every month although irregular indicate how much of a chance of getting pregnant? by the way i'm . no period for last  months. also have had symptoms of pregnancy but for the last couple of days. nothing except bloating some movement(not sure why). no peri-menopause symptoms at all. white and clear discharge from vagina. some headaches. tiredness nausea(no vomiting) different times of the day. some itching
i haven't seen a dentist in a long time. i bleed from my gums every time i brush my teeth. is this a problem?
a stray cat urinated on my lap and i'm very worried since it's around and might have touched my vagina what do i do? . i was feeding a stray cat and after finishing it sat on my lap. i then realised that it urinated! i don't know what to do and i get paranoid very easily. i'm worried about any infectious diseases that i might get! should i be worried? is it dangerous?
how long should i wait before bringing my  yr old with flu symptoms to our family dr? it has been  days. initial symptoms were nausea high fever severe headache loss of appetite and fatigue. those lasted about  days now she is very tired little appetite sore belly/nausea and has a sore throat and cough.
my  year brother did a chest x-ray here are results what do we do next?
my husband currently has shingles how can i prevent myself and  year old from getting it?
me and girlfriend had intercourse and on foreskin there are a couple tears. tried antibiotic ointment but didn't help.
i have a prescription for hydrcodone/acetaminophen . - t what does the t at the end mean?
my son is unable to express himself saw orthophonist and ear nose and throat (ent otolaryngology) doctor to no avail?
what are some healthy meals that are not perishable and can be cooked in a microwave or require no preparation? . i am in the military and when deployed i was looking for healthy meals that i can eat. they have to be nonperishable because i have no refrigerator to store food in and most of the time the items will have to be shipped to me. i do have access to a microwave and space is a concern as well.
can a dermal filler fix my bony looking hands? who does these types of injections?
can you take singulair and zyrtec together?
i use crutches after injured ankle and foot becomes very red and purple and my foot begins to throb?
is it safe to allow a tennager who has cerebral palsy to play basketball? . i coach a basketball team for high school aged kids and one of my players has cerebral palsy. he played on the team last year but we were very concerned about his condition and his safety but his parents seemed to have no problem with him playing. my coaching staff and i were very concerned about how safe it would be to allow him to play again this year as last yer he could not stay on the court very long without looking very exhausted. is it safe to continue to let him play?
anal sex. hi. i read somewhere that anal sex between (monogamous hetrosexual ) married couples and the man cumming inside the anal cavity can cause anti sperm antibodies which leads to infertility. beside can couples who take a shower and cleaning each other bodies and anal area and the inside by medical ways get stds or cleaning is enough? . lastly after cleaning is it to practice oral to anal or that will cause transmition or oral fecal bacteria.? . also any advise is welcomed.
fingered my girlfriend with after touching precum  minutes before. will she get pregnant? . i accidentally barely touched precum on my boxers and then - minutes after i did that i fingered my girlfriend. would the precum have dried by then or do i actually have something to worry about? her last period started on october  and her next period hasn't happened. she doesn't always have consistent periods but it usually happens around this time. she is also experiencing sharp pains but she thinks it is a uti. any help would be appreciated.
i am doing arobic type exercises lately. my knee is getting stiff if i sit for over  - mins. returns after sitting. i exercise daily low impact. does the exercise effect my recovery. should i rest this or change my type of exercise.
itchy palms and fingers bilaterally_turned to multiple tender blisters over past  hr_now tender blisters back of neck
can aids cure paralysis or leukemia? how?
why would my -/ month old baby only look to one side when i drop a toy but not the other?
is it possible for one's stomach to expand to an enormous size after years of binging? i have never felt full. i was diagnosed with celiac disease in  at the age of  but was showing symptoms when i was . i have always eaten large amounts (at least  times normal serving sizes) and never gained weight. after diagnosis i gained  lbs. and i can't manage my weight. i try to eat until i feel satisfied but i never am satisfied. i never feel full if i overeat.
what is a propulsive gait as it relates to parkinson's disease?
"hi i work full-time in a high-pressure environment and right now my body and mind are giving me signs indicating that i need a break. in my work i have several procedures to follow which are constantly being updated. i'm having a hard time keeping up. as my time is charged to clients i fill in timesheets and i'm constantly under pressure to have a minimum of non-billable time which is exhausting! moreover i have to deal with short deadlines often several simultaneously. this is made even heavier by the fact that the instructions i get aren't always clear and the people i work for don't seem to grasp the concept of ""help me help you"". all this leaves me mentally exhausted today as i am demotivated tired have difficulty concentrating and am feeling like my life is pointless. i know i only need a -week or so break to recharge my batteries but i don't have any vacations left and cannot afford a leave without pay. i'm afraid seeing a doctor would only get me a prescription for antidepressants and should i get a prescription for time off i wouldn't want words like ""burn-out"" or ""depression"" on it. any advice? what's a girl gotta do to get well-needed rest without jeopardizing her job or reputation when she doesn't even appear sick on the outside?"
i had a miscarriage could i have lost only one of the twin babies?
i just started taking testosteron injections. is there any natural way to prevent testicle shrinkage? . i have considered taking more vitamin a
diagnosed with genital herpes a month back sores have healed but continued vaginal irritation/itching for weeks after. i thought it was caused by a yeast infection cuz i got a white discharge cottage cheese-like in texture for two days along with the itching. but now there is no discharge so i think the yeast infection might have cleared but now i feel a reccurrent outbreak of herpes coming on and again itching in the vaginal area but no discharge. is it normal for the new skin after the primary outbreak to be itchy? if so could any topical medicine help with that?
how long does cocaine stay in your system? . i moronically did two bumps of cocaine six weeks ago. i have a drug test in the morning. . i was wondering if the metabolites are still possible to be in my system. . this is the only time i have ever done this and i will never do it again.
does genital herpes stay confined to only one area of mans organs can it be on only scrotum not spread to penis?
i take tramadol vitamin c naproxen and ratinidine and i tested positive for marijuana? i don't use marijuana!
how can i prevent asthma symptoms after exercise?
will excess masturbation affect weight?
is there a problem with my blood tests i have .  fever?
can a dialation and curettage procedure cause infertility?
is heartburn associated with ischemia?
i have a .  spot on my iliac bone. should i be concerned and demand an mri?
what happens if a guy urinates into a woman's vagina? . is it safe? is it even possible to happen?
can you grow taller after puberty? . i'm an  year old girl who wants to add a couple of inches to her height if possible. can you grow taller even after your bones stop growing? . also do stretching exercises or supplements work at all? what about increasing human growth hormones naturally?
my  month old daughter isnt crawling at all isnt walking wont pull herself up on anything and every time i put her on her tummy she rolls right over to her back and than cant move. she still is completly immobile. should i be concerned? she isnt overweight she weighs  lbs and she is  inches all the other children her age are about walking and she cant even scoot.
my boyfriend and i were in the shower could i be pregnant? . we were sitting down in the shower when he came. he was down stream so he was closer to the drain. im not sure if his cum got on me at all. please help we are freaking out. sorry if this is dumb but neither of us know. oh and i the female am a virgin.
how long should i lay on my back and keep my hips elevated after intercourse when trying to conceive? . i get utis quite frequently so i have been getting up - minutes after intercourse to urinate. i have been ttc for  cycles without any luck. do i need to lay flat with my hips elevated for longer to help get pregnant?
i have several very itchy red bumps spread randomly on my arms legs and stomach?
what is the difference between the common cold and influenza (the flu)?
can my partner and i have sex with hpv? . i am a  year old homosexual male. my partner and i both have hpv however recently i have had a breakout with anal warts. i am scheduled to have surgery over the next  months to have the warts removed but will my partner and i be unable to have safe sex during this time or is there a dangerous risk of me infecting him with the warts regardless if he already had the virus?
i have the mirena iud and recently i had unprotcect sex could i be pregnant? . my partner didnt pull out before ejaculating and no other form of birth control was used sorry for the over share but i need a straight answer.
"greetings. my wife of  years and i each want to be seduced by the other. however last night we had very good sex.? . i am sometimes just naturally rigid. she climaxed on top of me she then procured me a condom and i climaxed beautifully below her. we drifted off to sleep. this morning i felt satisfied but weakened by the ""overindulgence"". could i be losing testosterone or something. i am . my testicles frequently feel hot especially when i urinate. do you need more info? thanks."
should i eat more when i've increased my exercise? plateaued weight loss wondering if im not eating enough. i am a  year female with a history of trying to lose weight.  weeks ago i started weight watchers for hopefully my last time. i have a different mindset this go around. yea me. anyway the last few weeks i have increased my activity thus my activity points earned (i went from earning  points a day to earning between  and  points a day. ) the last three weeks i have lost only  pound. so i am wondering if i should consume those points i have earned. thanks
syphillis. about a week ago i noticed a flesh colored bump/rash on my forearm with  small bumps centered outside each corner of the bump. just wanted to know if this was syphillis or could it be something else. on a side note i went to a nuru massage  months ago and although i didnt have sex with the lady her vagina walls and clit hit my penis head and shaft multiple times
i get unconscious due to fits what should i do?
need a tree service that will do tree topping? . we are a local tree service targeting wealthy communities on the main line pennsylvania (philadelphia suburbs) in a highly competitive market. <link>
i have insurance through my work. but if it's cheaper would i be able to cover my daughter with insurance through the marketplace instead of putting her on my insurance at work?
why should i take colds seriously with emphysema or chronic bronchitis?
is there a connection between seizures and benadryl?
can you get pregnant while on your period? . i didn't realize i forgot a day on my oral contraceptives and then had unprotected sex a few days later. i then started my period immediately so i stopped taking the pills but the bleeding only lasted a day. could i be pregnant now?
can a girl get pregnant from precum the day after her period then taking the morning after pill. i had sex with my gf twice this weekend. once on sat night and once sun morning. i did not use a condom nor did i cum inside of her. she just got off her period the day before we had sex. i was worried so i had her take the morning after pill. she also took the morning after pill last month for the same incident. should she be ok not getting pregnant since i didnt cum inside her and she took the pill?
type your question here. which is the proper way to wipe your urine? is it from front to back or back to front?
both sides of my face eyes and nose twitch (convulsive movement) what should i do?
is my blood pressure of / serious? . i took my blood pressure on the  of march and it was /. then i took it again today and it was /. i continously sweat alot even just sitting still. my wife says i need to go to the doctor immedatly but i refuse!
this is the third time in  months that my child has had flu symptoms she had flu shot. could it be something else?
when are epidural steroid injections used?
why am i sleepy after a bowel movement? . not only can i go to sleep for two hours i am bloated as well.
how long does it take to recover from rotator cuff surgery
what is an m. r. a of the brain. my dr. has ordered an m. r. i of my brain thinking i may have had a stroke. she also ordered an m. r. a. can you please tell me what this involves?
i have low grade fever that persists for  to even  months i cannot lead a normal life?
one hit of weed  months ago and before that one hit of weed in may will i fail a hair follicle test?
what are the chances of hiv/std as std can transmit from infected person to uninfected person through mucous membrane?
can young children (age ) get measles after having  mmr vaccine at  months of age? . my daughter (age ) has a rash and fever. the rash looks very similar to measles.
who treats osteoarthritis?
 weeks pregnant due jan . last period april . had sex may  and on april  during cycle. whose father? . i did pregnancy calculator i'm guessing it's about % may  but still nervous. jan  minus  weeks equals april   but had sex on may . but than also took a plan b pill on may  (about  hrs later) and still got pregnant.
can you be reinfected with strep while in the middle of treatment? . i had strep throat two weeks ago. the practitioner gave me penicillin for it the strep cleared up but two days after completing my course of antibiotics i had a recurrence i'm now half way through my second course of antibiotics (this time amoxacillin) and i noticed a slight tingle in my throat this morning. a scratchy throat very well could be an affect of my seasonal allergies (it's not uncommon for me to become congested with a scratchy throat this time of year).
i have major headaches painful throat excessive saliva?
why is social support important with psoriatic arthritis?
can you still be pregnant when your fertility test comes out low. me and my boyfriend had sex like crazy when my fertility test was at high and peak fertility but i just took the test and now it's low fertility so can i still be pregnant?
i am  not pregnant and every morning for the past  months i wake up fine but when i try to eat i get nauseous. this doesn't happen when i wake up past . i feel hungry and when i try to eat i feel like throwing it up. i have puked a few times on the way to school. my stomach growls but my body makes it impossible to eat
can you get pregnant on the second day of your period having had unprotected sex
i just started on the pill how long do i have to wait before i can have sex
feeling hot frequently but no fever no body ache or any other symptoms. i am feeling hot at specific intervals during the day for the past  week but the temperature never crosses  deg. my skin heats up but temperature drops back to normal after  minutes. i tried paracetamol for  days but the symptoms continue. there are no other symptoms like general weakness body pain muscle pain sweating prolonged fever rashes swellings headaches or migraines. my food intake is normal. is this a symptom of tb or malaria or any other parasitic or bacterial infection?
can i get pregnant after anal sex if my bf ejaculated in my anus. my bf and i performed anal sex and he ejaculated in my anus and i'm taking birth control and i just found out it was during my ovulation period. i m worried about getting pregnant. . thank you.
im  weeks pregnant and im having bad back pains on the lower right side above my hip should i be worried? . i still feel my baby kicking alot and i dont have any tightness in my abdomen just on my right side and my right leg is cramping as well.
can shingles rash not have blisters. my boyfriend has had shingles before but this rash he has is very large from his groin to all the way down his inner thigh on one side. it is red and blotchy on the outside of the rash but the red blotches on the inside are very light. no blisters and apparently has had this rash for over  months.
can douching after sex stop me from getting pregnant?
should a person go to the er if urinating with pain and bright color blood drops? . also having headache but no fever. blood glucose also increased after eating to ~. thanks for your help.
what steps can i take to prepare for a potential disaster?
what kinds of medicines do i need to stock at home?
how can i help prevent an infection during my cancer treatment?
i have been with my husband for  years all my pap test came back normal. this pap test says i have hpv. how? . i have been with my husband for  years now. i was married to someone else before my husband. i have  kids. my pap test always came back normal. how could my pap test now show hpv?
is it my medication or am i pregnant. i started taking adderall exactly  week ago. i should have gotten my period  days ago. it has never been late like this before. today i spotted one time. it was a dark brown discharge. i took a test last night and it was negative. could i be pregnant or is it the medication?
i am having pain in my throat while swallowing? can i take azithromycin  tab for the throat infection? . throat pain
does testicle size affect amount of ejaculate?
is it safe to take a hot bubble bath in early pregnancy? . i'm  weeks pregnant and i unknowingly took an extremely hot bubble bath. the water was hot enough to make me sweat. i kept my arms and upper body out of the water and i got out after  minutes. ijust want to make sure that i didn't cause any harm to my baby.
my mother was diagnosed with multiple myeloma now cloudy eye lens is it eye cancer?
how much vitamin d is recommended?
how is ulcerative colitis treated?
what are some natural ways to treat flu symptoms during pregnancy?
"my dad insists his pelvic hurts and is currently in insititution being treated for schizophrenia. doctors have done mris and cts and have found nothing wrong with his pelvis. he was first diagnosed with bipolar over  years ago. he is now  and is being treated for schizophrenia or leaning towards schizophrenia. to note- my father was previously an alcoholic and chronic smoker. i believe my dads pelvis hurts but tests have apparently shown to prove otherwise. i have researched a little and only found ""prostadynia"" but not sure this even correlates. could something be wrong with his pelvis?"
i had neuroendocrine tumor evaluation is it affected by an increase in pancreatic polypeptides?
what is chlamydia?
can i get a flu shot if i have pink eye?
"can  flare up in my genital area again or will it just become a cold sore? . i was diagnosed w/  in my genital area. once the inital ""flare up"" goes away will all of my reoccuring outbreaks be in the same area?"
i have a lot of whiteheads and blackheads on my oily uneven brown skin. what can help?
im   lbs working out  days a week. what calorie intake should i be at to lose weight? . i started working out and eating better about  months ago when i was . but for the last three weeks i havent lost any weight at all. i work out  days a week now. eliptical some days with row and running. then weight training. do i need to push myself further in the gym? i feel like from eating once a day and not working out to now working out  days a week and eating healthier more meals and spreading it out i should be seeing more results.
my last  reading was . . my doctor threatened insulin if i did not bring this down. isn't this a little radical?
i have heavy pain in both side of my head that causes dizziness sometimes in my back and neck?
cough that wont go away doctor prescribed decongestants antibiotics and steroids need second opinion?
"is there any documentation and/or research for psychogenic blackouts? . after being diagnosed with anxiety i was not provided with medication or given any recommendations. in the  months following i experienced extremely high levels of stress and anxiety which led to blackouts. the blackouts only occurred at work and lasted a very long time. research on the internet led me to ""psychogenic blackout "" but there's no truly reliable source. is this a real condition?"
what are the areas of new research in congestive heart failure?
what is the difference between generic and regular drugs?
can my blood sugar ever be too high to exercise?
i suffered a severe concussion arm now paralyzed?
im  years old and suffering with high blood pressure taking capoten and lophrin?
i had unprotected sex today and ive been on the pill for  days. is it enough time to protect me from getting pregnant?
i banged my thumb months ago and have had a black bruise under the nail since then. why has this not gotten better?
<link> dermavie cream reviews selection interviews the actual experts questioned the actual adult males not simply in relation to their particular supplement make use of but in addition in relation to a wide variety of other possibility factors such as cigarettes ingesting work out. <link>
i have temporal lobe epilepsy i feel extremely fatigued after meals is it diabetes?
i am  yrs old and my husband had a vasectomy done  ago is it menopause or pg<negative_smiley>? . keep in mind i have never been unfaithful to. my husband in the  yrs we have been married.
what causes chickenpox varicella?
can i do pilates if i'm pregnant?
blood glucose test came back: high levels of c-peptide (. ).  (. ) fasting glucose (). please explain results?
osteoarthritis. i have arthritis in my knees. the last two days the pain radiates up my thighs to my hips and down my calves to my feet. is this common? .  female moderately active normal weight and bmi.
what happens when you don't chew your food enough?
i keep having left forearm squeezing and very minor chest pain right above my left breast. no heart problems. i have been told that i have ibs and possibly gerd. pain seems to go away as i burn and pass gas. anyone else had this?
is it commom for a lab to send off lab results to another for consultation on a mole removal
could i be pregnant? . i had unprotected sex with my boyfriend several times. i had my last period on october  and it was only  days and very light. i completely skipped november. i did a home pregnancy test on the  of november and it came back negative.
is expired birth control still effective?
is vitamin water helping the body as much as it advertises?
im on the depo shot and i have been on my period for about - weeks is that normal and its light sometimes. i started the depo in september  and i didnt start my period till dec   and i got the second shot jan  and im still on my period
i'm  and have had moderate outer vaginal itching but no discharge. haven't had sex in  months. same partner so no worries of std. just very uncomfortable and not sure what would cause this.
i got my blood ferritin level checked as i was feeling exhausted it is low?
i was told my ongoing chest pain is not cardiac related need second opinion?
my immune system is deficient in the  classification please advise?
i have had  nosebleeds in the last  days so should i be concerned?
how can i keep my child from smoking drinking and using drugs?
carbon monoxide poisoning. do you think that my sudden headache and dizziness problems are from carbon monoxide poisoning?
im a stressed out  year old girl stomach back killing me with pain?
other than baclofen which medicine can be used for muscle stiffness?
can sleep deprivation cause aggressive behavior in children?
while doing exercise i feel shortness of breath and sweating. why?
for the past two months i have been having breast pain?
what causes blocked arteries? my mom has had stints put in but they still keep getting blocked. i understand that smoking plays a role but smoking can not be all of it. the doctors here believe that is all that is causing the heart attack and blocked arteries and dont bother to check for anything else.
what is the best routine to prevent aging?
how is end-organ damage assessed in the patient with high blood pressure?
does protonix cause weight gain?
al does not have a choice of providers-only bcbs. i can't pay the premium and won't be eligible for medicare for . . i am a female will turn  this year am married. my husband is unemployed and i have retired. we both need the insurance; we are living solely on my ss. toni morse
pain behind right eye blurriness headache sinus pain?
my son is  weeks old and has had mucus green diarrhea almost  weeks?
i'm allergic to products with any spf in them. what can i use to protect my skin from the sun?
do you wake up or open your eyes first in the morning?
are there side effects of taking prevacid and what are they?
do there are cure for cerebral palsy?
what is vocal cord dysfunction?
the heel of one foot is very sore when i walk on it. could this be related to my back surgery? . i had back surgery and some times i have shooting pains down the opposite sore foot leg. is the sore foot something i need to be concerned about?
should i take my  yr old to the er to have her gums looked at. . she told me fri. night that her gums hurt so i peeked in and there was a hole in her gums just above where the lip meets the gums. so i made some salt water and had her rinse. since it was the weekend i can't get an appt. so i will call to make an appt. on mon ( but i am unsure if i could even get an appt that day. or that week. ) i've been checking it and her gums around her teeth seems to be getting inflamed. help pls.
when do we need to get this health insurance by? . i have insurance until april but i hear that is going to stop as of january.
i have cold hands almost all the time even in the summer?
how successful are dental implants?
major complaint is upper stomach pain(not nausea) middle to right side?
i am taking ortho tri-cyclen lo and was just prescribed caziant oral. how do these two prescriptions compare?
i suffer from stuttering whats the treatment?
while giving me a digital prostate exam my doctor held onto my penis with the other hand. was that ok?
after  hernia operations a medium sized bubble formed about  below the stitches?
what is the best way to treat a ear infection while breastfeeding?
is it okay to do cardio exercise right after taking high blood pressure meds?
i have been told there is ibuprofen in tramadol i want to know is this true? . not if they react together but if ibu is actually in the ingredients of tramadol?
what happens after an ultrasound?
my husbands insurance does not cover diethylstilbestrol recommended for his prostate cancer. will medicare cover it?
i had a new crown put on with a lot of trauma to my gums. they are swollen gray & without feeling. should i be worried?
if we cont to have sex with a used condom for a few strokes and some cum leaked out the bottom on my hip is she pregnant. the condom didn't break i made sure by doing the water test. and she has been on birth control but has been on antibiotics for a week. then stopped taking the antibiotics - days before our sex. should i get plan b?
what are skin irritants in patients with atopic dermatitis?
can colace cause a vaginal yeast infection
will using rogaine effect the results a scalp biopsy? i. e. would it prevent a dermatologist from telling whats wrong?
why do so many popular tv medical dramas use the wrong first aid for seizures?
what can i do to treat crohns disease at home?
how long after starting levaquin is bronchitis contagious? . i am visiting my granddaughter and started levaquin yesterday for bronchitis. will i be contagious in  days. i am taking  per day for  days.
had unprotected sex today. should my partner take contraceptive?
is it legg-perthes-calvé disease?
red bumps then swelling turned in to blistering?
can reading help prevent memory lost?
my son got sand thrown in his eye and it is swollen. we did rinse it out with water. what is the next step?
how much of an impact does vitamin d have on cardiovascular disease?
if you have fluid in your inner ear how do you get it out even with tube in ears?
what is a status migrainosus migraine?
i have noticed a massive change (weight loss) in myself without having any change of diet or exercise now worrying?
i found a small painful red lump on my right breast then found  more?
can you get sick if you just keep using cough drops for the hell of it as if a person is addicted to it! or has a probem. i have a friend that i am concerned about she keeps taking cough drops right and left for no reason at all shes also  yrs old at some points she smells like hall's the cough drop you can smell it miles away. is this good or bad and why?
i just lost my job on oct.  and will have health insurance until oct. . if i am not re-employed with health insurance by the  will i be fined?
i'm a full-time employee but my company doesn't offer health insurance. will the aca require my employer to provide it?
i have a strange fevertests negative help
i started getting mild sickness after eating about  year ago. it has now progressed?
how are denture adhesives applied?
what is pillaging associated with dementia?
can oral sex cause a uti? . i always get a uti and its weird to me because im a very clean person when it comes down to intercourse.
i popped my radiator cap too early. burned my hand badly. how effective is aloe vera and how should i wrap it? . i have been in cold water for over an hour and it hurts very bad to take it out right now. i believe it is a second degree.
accidentally stabbed ear with q tip can i lose hearing from this? . i was going to clean my ear with a q tip and then my hair was in the way so i was going to put it up when my elbow bumped into the q tip stabbing it into my ear. i felt really sharp pain and started crying i can hear but my ear still hurts and it feels kind of funny. can i lose my hearing from this? it's new years so my doctor's office is closed should i go to the er then? i'm really worried.
i'm on imitrex and amitriptyline for migraines and starting a weight loss program that uses phentermine. is that safe?
what are the dangers of prescribing antibiotics for mrsa when the patient tests negative for it?
is acid reflux disease ever treated with surgery?
abdominal painis it a urinary tract infection?
what is the prognosis of viral hepatitis?
what are bad fats (saturated)?
i am about to get intimate with a guy for the first time. really nervous about hiv and other nasties. what shd i do? . i am a male  years old. never had sex with a man before. i met this amazing guy online and we immediately connected. i am not aware of his sexual history. i am meeting him soon and i don't want to offend him in any way. but we have a mutual urge to have sex. kindly help.
how much lysine should be taken to equal acyclovir dosage
does high sugar levels in diabetics produce a high toxicity in male semen? . after intercourse my female partner expressed that she had a hot tingling sensation that lasted only for a few minutes. she was check by her physician for a uti and for any stds. her tests were negative.
have terrible heart palpitations also i sweat constantly
do womens sex drives decrease with age while men's stay the same
my  week old baby has a hernia in his navel the size of a macadamia nut. could the hernia become strangulated?
put on keflex  days ago for an ear infection. still running a low grade fever and having ear pain. is this normal?
can bat droppings or rat droppings cause shingles on someone? . someone was working on a house and bat and/or rat droppings fall on that individual. can this activate the shingles virus in the person body
i had the flu or bronchitis and now developed serious sinus infection?
i take prilosec  (otc) and have taken this daily for over  yrs straight?
when i try and feed my six month old daughter baby food she shakes her head like its sour every time.
 wks pregnant with off and on bleeding with a few little thicker strands of blood in it normal? . im  yrs old i have a  old and  old. never had a miscarriage or any prior pregnancy abnormalities. im  pregnant and has been fine. yesterday night i had brownish spotting. woke up today and was back to normal. this evening i had a red color with a couple darker red strands now and has been light bleeding off and on. no pain or discomfort. i am on my second pad and am about to get some sleep. should i be alarmed if so what is happening?
sprained left ankle for a year and a half. ligament injury synovitis with effusion?
doctor placed an intrathecal pain pump implant for dilaudid & baclofen is it justified?
i have a white blister on my finger the size of a dime from a hot pan is this serious and how to treat it
what can be side effects of iodine given for a cat scan? . i am having a head cat scan monday and since i am allergic to quinolones (penicillin floxin cipro amoxicillin etc) and lactose and sulphur and caffeine and i carry an epi pen i was wondering if i will have any bad side effects with the iodine or what side effects and potential danger will i have with the iodine.
can i use clotrimazole or nystatin for a male yeast infection? if so which is better?
an old tampon came out of me this morning that was probably there a week should i head to er or wait for doctors appt
i have back pain for  years now and im out of breathe but my parents say im ok?
what causes high fever sores on lips and in mouth general malaise. patient is  years and has been treated  days. patient began with sore throat and fever which quickly shot to  -. he was taken to emergency room and the diagnosis was possible hand foot and mouth but no sores on his hands or feet. he has been treated with azithromax for  days now and the fever is subsiding but the sores on and in his mouth gums tongue and back of throat are raw open oozing and very painful. he still is unable to eat no more than milkshakes gator aid. also the smell is becoming bad like rotten meat.
found out im pregnant had a period jan  my feb period was  days skipped  came back light for  days. how far along? . we recently found out we are pregnant( ago). my last real period was jan  but my feb period was  days regular skipped  days and came back weird light and spotty for  more days. i have already been through morning sickness breasts growing/tenderness and constant nausea. how far along could i be? its still over  weeks until my first ultrasound.
i am diagnosed epileptic and asthmatic ive been troubled with extreme fatigue
is there any chances of being pregnant though i had my period but i'm worried because we didn 't used condom propaly. we first started using condom but we removed it and pull out i had my period after a week but i'm still worried because i'm having some gramps and filling tired
do fragrances in moisturizers bother somebody with eczema?
how can i curb my craving for potato chips?
how long can you go without eating?
why is a power down hour important to good sleep?
what are the symptoms of dementia?
are there natural ways to help firm up the skin on my face for a more youthful look?
my vagina is swollen have kind of wart bleeding but not in my period?
i have very dry hands that are cracked. what should i use on them?
recent erectile dysfunction should i avoid changing medication and go for a pump?
can warts be prevented?
what is a reasonable price to pay for a dental overnight mouth guard? my dentist is saying $ which seems expensive.
what is benign prostatic hyperplasia (bph)?
what should i do if i think ive had an insulin overdose?
i ejaculation in - mins is it normal? please advice some useful tips n med if nessesary. i am getting married soon and i found when i masturbate i become excited to much and cum in no time please tell me how to increase time for intercourse? exercise medicine diet all guide will be appreciated.
i am  weeks pregnant and hypothyroid tsh gone up to . ?
i am taking an antihistamine for my allergies and an expectorant for my cough. is this ok?
i had one of my ovaries removed could i be infertile?
my  /-month-old has not been vaccinated for flu yet and his doctor says he should be. what is your advice?
how can i get rid of bedbugs in the quickest possible time and the easiest way possible?
we are exclusive. she has been on the pill for months. we have both been tested for stds. is condom use needed? . we are both really ocd about pregnancy and stds that's why despite the fact that she is on the pill and has a cellphone alarm to ensure she takes it at the same time everyday and we've both been std tested we still have just used condoms. what is the risk of pregnancy if we didn't use condoms? is this reasonable to do? should i still try to pull-out?
reddish and yellowish kind of substance coming from my vagina?
can a brain blood clot cause low blood pressure?
small bump near entrance of vagina no discharge or anything hurts when wiped over not sexually active. what is it? . today when using the restroom i noticed a small bump near the entrance of my vagina it hurt when i wiped and it's pretty uncomfortable in general. there hasn't been any kind of discharge from it. i'm also not sexually active. what could it be?
pregnant with second child. my husband says my vagina feels loose. can pregnancy make your vagina feel different?
scared of the smallest heights! . i feel like i can't breath and my whole body shakes. this has happened in the last year or so an example is tonight i had to change my smoke detector batteries and stand on a chair. i couldn't do it. i live in a house with a loft and i have never been upstairs!
cancer of lymph nodes with bowel blockage doctor says too dangerous to operate?
i have a dry cough for at least  weeks before developing head congestion and drainage. what could cause this? . i have a cough with no symptoms other than an occasional light fever for at least three weeks before developing any other symptoms. at that point i've developed stuffy nose red eyes drainage etc. it's as though i'm getting my usual cold then sinus infection then bronchitis but in reverse. the first time around i went through two antibiotics before i got better (and i'm not entirely convinced that's why i got better).
i get angry at the littlest things. whenever someone touches me in angry way i blow up. hugging caressing anything. whenever my mother tries to get close to me i blow up. this isn't only with her but with everyone. whenever anyone tries to hug me i'll blow up and become absolutely enraged. i get angry at little things. even if someone close brushes against my on accident i get extremely angry. i often have homicidal thoughts. i haven't been diagnosed with anything other then depression and anxiety and i've only been seeing medical help for roughly a month so i haven't ruled out other mental illnesses.
can stree anxiety depression cause diverticulitis?
my doctor told me to take both zyrtec and zantac (heartburn med. ) togther for my allergies will the combination help?
is there a spanish language version of webmd?
son vomitting off and on  week  years old. er had no answers sons doctor says maybee stomach bug. my sons doctor told us if it progresses to take him back to the er. its been  weeks he vomits one day is fine for the next and back to vomiting he complains of stomach pain before and after he vomits. the er doctor found  white blood cells in his urine sample but she said it was nothing our doctor said the same. he has no fever he eats and drinks fine till his pain starts. i dont know what to do at this point.
pain in testicles lower abdomen rectum is it fatty liver?
spider bite on the ankle has become infected deep red hot to the touch. what wound care is recommended? . infection after a bite from either a spider or mosquito. i must have broken open the skin when it began itching almost () days ago. i woke up last night to a very swollen right ankle now entire foot. wound has closed up but site is deep red in color hot to the touch and getting more painful w/ any pressure applied. cold compresses are not working. how do you know if it's puss building up? how can i safely remove the puss? no insurance so need at-home skin infection remedies!
i had a tubal in . i am currently  years old. my period is  weeks late. should i be concerned about pregnancy? . my period has been regular for the last  years.
can a pregnant woman pass  swine flu to her unborn baby?
why are my autistic son ears red. he takes adhd meds and cloudiness for sleep.
i was diagnosed of pcos and last  week went for a my doctor's visit and she said my sugar level is a bit higher than normal but i forgot asking how many it was. then she asked me to follow diet and also placed me on metformin . i am so worried considering the fact that i am polycistic. please can some one advise me on what find of food is best for me now and what to avoid? does this means that i will end up in diabetes? pls help! thansk
i cant produce sperm is it normal after prostate surgery?
i had ingual hernia surgery  days ago and my scrotum has swollen four times its size. what can i do?
with lung disease can you use in-home supplemental oxygen for short periods before you go to work/ when you get home?
i began to feel a sudden twitch/spasm feeling in my stomach went to er twice no solution?
whats a power nap?
while using contraceptive pill will i remain protected during pill free days?
i am nursing my baby. can i take an over-the-counter allergy medication like claritin?
are ear infections contagious?
is it a tension headache if your headache never goes away even when you take tyenol?
what are the symptoms of celiac disease?
can antibiotics interfere with the depo-provera birth control shot the way they do with oral contraceptives?
i have a burning sensation in my face neck and ears that comes and goes. what could be causing this? . just curious to what could be going on. i suspect high bloodpressure but am not able to see my doctor until april  due to her being booked up until then. i am really worried that it could be something very serious. please help?
would like to hear more about post-polio syvdrome. do you have more info? . i am a pps survivor. had polio in . i was wondering if it was true that if you had surgery was their a possibility that you might not wake up? i have heard this from many of my pps friends. i have spondylolesthesis stage  sondylosis carpel tunnel both hands need total replacement of left shoulder rorator cuff ( i think they call it reverse replacement? ) torn right rotator cuff . . . . also both legs get hot and burn from feet to crouch. . .
i am  years old retired and will not be  for  more months. i have a pre-existing condition (leukemia)  years ago and am in good health not overweight do not smoke exercise daily and eat a healthy diet % of the time. we moved to illinois in feb. of this year from arizona. i have az blue cross blue shield presently but il blue cross blue shield denied me coverage in the spring of this year. will il blue cross blue shield have to offer me coverage if i apply to them after jan.  ?
i have rad adhd and bipolar disorder i have no insurance and i need help. with the amount of mental disabilities is it possible to be able to get help?
why are pregnant women warned not to use drugs?
i have persistent leucocytosis .  for  year. treatment with antibiotics didnt reduce the wbc count?
had bad bronchitis lately woke up with a huge bruise on side?
my dentist drilled into a decaying tooth and filled it with some medication. what is this medication and is it safe?
i'm on the birth control tri-sprintec and had unprotected sex should i be ok to say i'm not pregnant? . ive been on the bc for like  to  months now. do i wait to see if i get my period which it should come in like a week and a half. and if i do get my period do i still take a home test? . the sex was about a week ago
i suffer from fatigue and body pain for  years is it stds or cancer?
how is anemia caused by decreased red blood cell production treated?
why do i get so tired after exercising? . i haven't gone out and done physical activity for about a month so i just went out for a nice and easy power walk for about  minutes. i come home and suddenly i just feel sluggish and exhausted. i don't starve myself. i eat when i'm hungry and when i need to eat. i get super tired and when i come home i just knock out. because i get so tired i don't like to exercise when i have school. it's been affecting my health and my body. i really want to exercise daily. help please <negative_smiley>
"what is a superior labral tear? . an mri showed a tear in my superior labral. located in my shoulder. along with that tendonitis was diagnosed. what can i do? ice really doesn't help. the pain threshold can be very bad when my arm is lifted a certain way but otherwise it feels perfectly normal. will the tear become worse? will it ""mend"" on its own? i have had two bad bouts with it. maybe overuse? thank you boni"
is any exercise safe while taking cipro? how long after  days of treatment should i wait before working with weights? . i have been working out for the last  years and find myself in decent shape for a  year old male. was starting a hardcore workout plan but have stopped. i have been having some urologic issues and after having multiple scans done the doctors are not seeing anything so my doctor has put me on cipro for  days. he specifically told me not to lift anything heavy due to possible tendon rupture and from what i see the risk continues even for several months after completing the medication.
a rash is appearing all over my body. started upper arms then back now penis concerned because i had unprotected sex. concerned about hiv
what do i do if i have a small breakage of skin near the veginal opening
can having a problem with your thyroid cause you to lose handfuls of hair at one time?
i had an arm implant inserted condom broke pharmacy reassured us that i wouldnt be pregnant?
i had a tubal  years ago i am having early pregnancy symptoms could it be i am pregnant?
i had yearly pap yesterday doctor says discharge may be yeasty frightened it is cervical cancer?
my  yearold has a casein allergy but has shown little reaction to foods containing whey and at time skim milk. why? . is it possible for him to have skim milk or whey introduced to diet and how so?
ive had pain in my legs for a couple months now?
can you get an ear infection while on antibiotics for something else? . i am taking a strong oral antibiotic for strep and antibiotic eye drops for an eye infection for  days. on day  severe ear pain started in one ear. i cannot chew yawn or bite.
is there a natural remedy for bph. besides my diabetes and high colestarol what else can cause bph? i take lisinapril cause my doctor says its to protect my kidneys. i also drink a gallon and a half of water every day from - hrs. in addition at night i also drink ()  oz mugs of tea with  packs of splenda. i get up  to  times a night to use the bathroom i am looking for something in the natural form
my wife is upset with me because she caught me mastubating but i read somewhere that men need to. is that true? . i read somewhere that masturbation is essential for men and can actually improve sex life. i want to know if this is true so i can talk to my wife about it. please advise.
how can tuberculosis tb be prevented?
can coconut oil cause hives
my mother is  requires anti-coagulants need second medical opinion?
what is lupus? what are the types of lupus?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of d-hist d?
what is psoriatic arthritis and when does it begin?
is it ok to cut a pill in half?
ears clogged for weeks. draning w/peroxide doesnt work. are ear candles safe? procedure in dr office is too painful. my mother used to drain my ears with peroxide as a child and that usually worked but this time it didn't. i have been hoping this would go away on its own but it has been an issue for about a month. i have very sensitive ears flights are always very excruciating for me. the procedure the doctors use to clean my ears is way too painful for me i walk out crying every time. do ear candles work and are they safe? my doctor recommended i try the ear candle but i am reading mixed reviews. ideas?
what medicines are used to treat infertility in women?
sex on the last day of your menstrual day. my partner and i baby danced the last day of my cycle. my cycle tends to last five days. this cycle seemed a little weird the third day it was extra light and so i thought i was actually done until we baby danced. my cycle is normally  days which i think people say is the norm is there a possibility that i could get pregnant? i have tried to calculate and use my calendar to see when i am ovulating because we are ttc but last month it didn't work. i woke up with sore throat and runny nose
i was diagnosed with cervical cancer i have some lymph nodes that are swollen and a ongoing cough producing phlem/mucus?
what's best of day to check your blood pressure. my pressure changes all the time when i check it at different times. i'm  and a active person. thomas
what kind of anesthesia is used for hernia surgery?
how many mg of cipro should i take for a uti i am  lbs?
i have bursitis in one arm the other arm also hurting can it be high blood pressure?
does person giving drug test have right to view your private as you urinate?
can a urine test detect chlamydia if a tampon was worn while urinating? . does wearing a tampon or having your cycle affect the accuracy of the test?
what health problems are associated with high blood pressure?
can i nurse with stomach flu
what is the right age for children to get braces?
could i be preg? so it has probably been about  to  months now since i believe i have gotten pregnant. not on the pill. didn't cum inside but i know pre cum can impregnate. very fertile. symptoms; heat flashes migrane stomach pains/rumbling/movements/squishing bloating weight fluctuation excess discharge breast tenderness no growth. i have a very muscular stomach so it would not show. . had period  month past  have been light spotting not anywhere near normal. did  blood test  each month all > neg
what type of exercise is best?
how are exercise and physical therapy used to treat osteoarthritis?
my  weeks old baby her lips are turning purple and i only breastfed?
i am concerned about my aortic valve and pulmonary valve peak gradient need second opinion?
i was told the liver can repair it self over time. is this true and if so is this for all types of liver disease?
in a healthy adult is the inner ear temperature different from the oral temperature? . in a healthy adult is the inner ear temperature different from the oral temperature?
i took preg test  dys pre period result line was so very faint i could harly see it first but could i be pregnant
i am taking  mg of adderall xr. i have a sore throat. is it okay to take nyquil?
is tinnitus always accompanied by hearing loss? . i have been diagnosed with tinnitus but i actually hear better than my last few years hearing exams.
is bone structure ever taken into account with bmi? . i have extremely dense/large bone structure. i am never healthy at the weights the charts say i should be at. i do not have a typical women's structure. i feel the bmi charts are set for a petite woman and not for me.
i have an uncomfortable feeling in my stomach on a daily basis now. i will feel full for no reason?
mri/mra felt fantastic - like a massage to the brain. i had an mri/mra earlier this year for undiagnosed symptoms. during the mri/mra i felt amazing. it was like someone had gotten inside my skull and was providing the best massage of my life to my brain of all things. . even after the mri/mra i continued to feel great for a day or so before i digressed back to the norm. when i asked my doctor he said that he had only heard it described that way once before but he wouldn't say anymore. i was always curious though. does this mean anything?
how can i get rid of my saggy inner vagina lips without any surgery? . i have had this ever since i was a young girl i am still a virgin i am only fifteen i dont understand why i have this and its pretty severe and they have a dark color too.
i dont have health insurance will shingles go away on their own since i'm not on any medication?
what's the pros & cons of getting a shingle vaccine shot?
"when a prescription says ""take with meals "" is that during the meal or after the meal?"
e-coli in infants--prevention and cure? may have -mo. old. i have  month old just diagnosed with possible e-coli. what r home remedys for this? or does he need other help?
i had gallstones fatty liver now blood in stools and blood in mouth?
i had non hodgkin lymphoma what can help me manage the pain?
i have a sinus infection and ear infection. i went to the doctor  days ago and got antibiotics. i am constantly tired and have been coughing more. nothing is clearing up. and nothing seems to work. im weak and tired and i dont know what to do.
my  year old was just diagnosed with pleurisy. will camping make it worse? . he had a chest ex ray which was normal. he is not in pain but doc heard squeking on  side that sometimes causesa tickling sensation on lung on that side. doc started him on antibioyic and tylenol with codene that he started today. plans of camping for  days 's during the day low of 's at night will this be bad for his condition?
i have been vomiting as soon as i eat something not pregnant its been more than  weeks. what could cause this proplem. lost  lbs in  weeks and very worried because i vomit everything i eat or drink.
what to do for bladder or kidney infection. burning when urinating. bleeding on tissue
i tested positive for tuberculosis i have a dull ache in right testicle pain in lower abdominal?
is poison oak contagious?
can take diet pills when breastfeeding
i'm a diabetic i would like to know why i am drowsy and fall asleep so often. maybe my blood sugar is too low/high? . i'm a type ii diabetic.
i am having weird chest pains and it feels like a tight knot in my neck and shoulder area. there is a simular pain in my back almost straight through from the front pain. i have not been doing anything strenuous i don't think i pulled a muscle. i do not have a doctor and i am unemployed so a trip to a physician is out of the question.
if i have pid is it too late? did it affect my fertility? it's been  / years and i'm scared! . last time i had sex was  / yrs ago. guy told me next day he had gonorrhea blamed it on me though i never had it. i didn't go to a doctor and just got antibiotics from a pharmacy! i am scared now don't really have colored discharge but sometimes smell isn't too pleasant and i'm scared that i might have pid and be infertile. is it too late? how long does the pid have to go untreated for it to affect fertility? the thought of never being able to have children scares me!
a patient with a fresh knee replacement has taken pre-medication amoxicillin . what antibiotic can be given for her tooth abscess?
i have rash spreading through my body?
what is the rate of reoccurrence of allergy symptoms after stopping immunotherapy?
i woke up on sunday morning with an awful metallic taste in my mouth?
what shoud you do when you don't have soap and water to wash your hands?
is it risky for a diabetic to get a tattoo?
i have a small lump just underneath the surface of my skin. its like a hard marble it is not painful. what is it? . it is a lump underneath the skin its is not painful but it is red. what could it be? should i be concerned? it is located about  inches below my belly button. it kind of feels like hard scar tissue but i dont have any scars there. i just don't know if its something simple like an ingrown hair. anything would help till i can get to a doctor next week.
i have hard pulse in neck artery numb ear pressure feeling neck numbness?
are there any problems with taking tylenol and cialis at the same time?
what could it be with my child ( old) cant keep anything down(food fluids) with pain in his stomach and back? . the pain is going from the belly button to his lower right side and going around to his back. he also has a low grade fever. has been going on since  a. m. this morning
"what should my son eat when it hurts to eat? (he's dangerously underweight). my son has gerd with abdominal pain and gets nausea when he eats. he is way underweight. (' "" ) he needs to maintain his weight or better. he looks anorexic. ensure and like products seem to make it worse--possible lactose intolerance (runs in the family) he will only eat soda crackers and cranberry juice. he is seeing a doctor for possible peptic ulcer and is taking prilosec twice a day to reduce stomach acid."
how long should you wear compression stockings after hip replacement surgery
my cell phone caught fire and i was exposed to chemical fumes?
im  weeks pregnant doctor told me now normal delivery is not possible? need second opinion.
i have an allergy for dust mites now pain in back of head when i cough?
ear infection. occasionally i get vertigo followed by nausea then tremendous migraine. . when ever i see my ent he finds inner ear infection and always the same ear the right ear. i have had cats scan of my head and a special balance test. there is the name for it but i forgot it. the vertigo is so bad that everything spins around that leaves me sick for couple of days. what if anything should i do.
are there any drug interactions between pristiq levothyroxine and acai berries?
almost  y/o boy complaining of tenderness at and around the nipple area upon touch. is this normal? . diagnosed with asthma @  months. controlled with qvar inhaler. otherwise in good health.
are there toxins in the air/environment that will age my skin?
can ra medications like implanon affect my ability to get pregnant?
what are signs and symptoms of a tubal pregnancy? . sharp pains in my stomache when urinating missed periods since august   not eating regularly wieght gain have had a fever off and on when having sex an extremly sore spot thats maybe an  and a half had a tubal in feb.  
i have little black bugs in my hair. they are not lice fleas ticks or bed bugs. what are they?
could caffeine cause my panic attacks?
is there any way i can still be pregnant? . i was supposed to get my period on the  but i missed it so i took a pregnancy later that night. it came out negative and the following day i took one during the afternoon and it also came out negative. yesterday morning i also took when and it was negative too. ever since i've been having sex my period has been irregular and now i'm nervous if there is any way for me to be pregnant still after  negative pregnancy tests or could there be another reason why im missing my period?
what could cause my urine to be cloudy or have a strong odor?
on friday / i will be  weeks pregnant i found out on tuesday / was having brownish spotting a couple days prior. before i found out i was right around the time of my cycle roughly a week late maybe a little less and i am still having brownish spotting with a minute amount of pieces of tissue (i assume). i also have very mild cramping not like period cramping a lot less but just enough to notice sometimes i get a pain that shoots across my stomach (like a nerve misfiring). not necessarily painful but i notice it. is this normal what can i do to help? this is my first so i suppose i am nervous.
how can you tell if you have a flue or infection
how do i treat mosquito bites?
does vyvanse have a generic?
could you provide a few links to the major studies showing excessive saturated fat is unhealthy? . this website and the american heart association continue to recommend a diet low in saturated fat. but the current buzz on the internet is that there is really little evidence for that position. in fact france eats a diet high in saturated fat yet has a low rate of deaths from heart disease (<link> <link> ). can i see links to the original studies showing sf is harmful?
are immigrants putting the u. s. at increased risk for tuberculosis?
i have itching in my nipple yellow drainage swelling pain nausea fever chills lumps in breast. i am  years old. have had a complete hysterectomy and am on ert injections about  years now. i have pain under my arm going from breast to side and back. the itching drives me crazy but the stabbing pain is off and on. am seeing a doctor doing blood work and swab to test for staff. how worried should i be?
i have a lot of pain in my lower arm?
how is arthritis diagnosed?
had total knee replacements i am not feeling good no energy depressed no appetite have lost weight?
possibility of me being pregnant from pre cum. hello there. i'm wondering what are the possibilities that i could be pregnant. i had sex with my boyfriend about  nights ago. i've been eating a little more than usual i have cramps slight bleeding(stopped now) fatigue and i have a milky colored discharge. my boyfriend did not ejaculate in me but pre-cum apparently get you pregnant. i'm usually in sync with my mother's period but she started a few days ago and i have no yet. maybe it's late i don't know. thank you.
identifying source of new cold virus
i have cast itch. is there a product i can buy that has an extended aerosol spray to help with the itching?
is there any exercise to tighten the bulbospongiosus muscle?
can lisinopril affect home pregnancy test results?
what is the official website for obamacare?
cancer of lymph nodes with bowel blockage doctor says too dangerous to operate?
i had infection in left upper leg if antibiotics were needed. no idea where in fection came from. i have hardware in leg from surgery seven years ago could this cause it? have difficult being on it for long time and trouble walking.
can black people get head lice?
my hair has been thinning over the past few years taking minoxidil is it safe?
what happens to someone when they get prostate cancer advanced or metastatic?
what kind of exercise is beneficial for people with diabetes?
does social security disability count as income when buying health insurance?
how is malaria diagnosed?
can exposure to forrest fire smoke cause ms? if so how long before syptoms occur of ms?
had sex condom broke took plan b am i pregnant? . suppose to get my period / and had sex /. we were switching positions and as soon as he went to put it in the condom broke. we stopped immediately. i ran to the shower and used the bathroom multiple times afterwards and took plan b within/less than  hours. what are the chances of me being pregnant?
can a celiac toddler swim in a large pond treated with barley straw for algae control? . our two year old grandson will be visiting our home soon and we hope to let him swim in our swimming/fish pond that has been treated with a few small bales of barley straw to control the algae.
how do you feel about permanent (tattooed) makeup like eye brows and eye liner?
my child is taking the antibiotic cephalexin. is it ok for her to take children's pepto-bismol with this?
hi i'm a  year old male. i recently fingered myself and i felt something unusual. i went all the way in with my entire index finger (around  inches deep). i felt a hard kind of pointy bump. i'm not sure if this is my prostate or if it's fecal matter. i've fingered myself before and every time i do it i feel this. i'm often constipated so maybe it's fecal matter? i'm worried because i also have symptoms of prostate cancer like impotence and a weak stream when urinating. i was followed by a urologist who was not able to find a problem. she made me take flomax to help me urinate better. i haven't take a flomax pill for more than a year. note: i do not have a family history of prostate cancer i am caucasian. i have a normal weight. i know i should probably go see my doctor and tell him about this but it's very embarrassing. i need advice. thanks.
what does it mean when you say something but are trying to say something else? i said apple but meant park. this keeps happening also i get migraines and blurred vision and there is a nerve twitch in my leg.
what should i expect while i am on bed rest during my pregnancy?
does saliva kill sperm?
can u get scabies in your vagina? . my sex partner has scabies on his penis
what are side effects of drugs used to treat genital herpes?
suffering from sesamoid pain. podiatrist says no multiple cortisone shots
i am very curious about acai berry and if it is dangerous or not.
my wife and i and her business partner and her husband were using a small business health plan. that health plan is being cancelled dec. . we got a quote for a new plan but it is really expensive. can you help me find some alternative small business health plans for the four of us in new york city that are more affordable?
can you only get pregnant when you are ovulating?
semen analysis.  yrs old. doctor said i was unable to have kids but my wife is now pregnant. we need a second opinion. my semen analysis:. . period of sexual abstinence :  days. volume : . . ph seminal fluid quantitative: . . viscosity : not viscous. motile:  %. progressive: %. non-progressive: %. immotile : %. normal: %. abnormal head: %. abnormal midpiece: %. abnormal tail: %. seminal fluid quantitative:.  x ()/ml (-)
"is there std "" herpes"" groups or counseling?"
what is stuck in my ribs? . when i stand up from bending over and sometimes just from sitting i get a painful cramp in my right rib cage that feels like something is stuck or lodged between my ribs. i have to stretch and push down on my ribs to relive the pain. it is happening more often than usual and kinda scares me.
i conceived twice with  years gap and miscarried due to blighted ovum. how to avoid in future tohave healthy pregnancy. i conceived two years back in  and had spontaneous miscarriage due to blighted ovum. i got conceived recently with twin pregnancy and both were blighted ovums. i had medical abortion to clean it up. may i know why this is happening again and again. and what should do before trying to conceive again. please let us know.
will drinking soda make you gain weight?
is cheap red wine just as heart healthy as a fine red wine or does the aging process boost the wine's healthy values?
noticing thinning hair. what could be causing this more minocycline or neurontin? . i just noticed the thinning hair  days ago. i've been on minocycline for the past  months -  once a day for hormonal acne. i've also been on neurontin for the past  month -  twice a day for bipolar. i am thinking one of these must be causing the hair thinning but i don't know which one is more likely to be the cause based on the common side effects of each med how long i've been on them and the dosage amounts.
can a viagra tablet be inserted directly into the penis?
my orthodontist wants to remove some of my sons teeth for a better orthodontic result. should i get a second opinion? . the other option i was given included having surgery for his jaw. we could just get braces without doing any preparation beforehand. but then he may need braces again -- or surgery -- as an adult.
if my perideum is ripped will it burn to pee? . my vagina to my arus itch real bad. i don't know why and it is giving me a hard time sleeping. i have been taking tylenol and benadryl to help. it has been bothering me real bad for three days. i don't have insurance so i am trying to take care of it myself.
"what is the safest way to ween yourself off of a low dose aspirin regiment? i know a sudden stop increases clot risks. i have been taking a low dose aspirin regiment for over a year. the other day i got a nose bleed that took me three hours to get stopped. i also bruise very easily and bleed more than usual from minor cuts. i want to stop my aspirin regiment because of these factors. as of now i have gone to"" every other day"". i have read that abruptly stopping can increase a risk of blood clots. what is a safe way to stop?"
how can i formally request my medical records from my old doctor to my new doctor? . my insurance changed which does not list my former doctor as a network provider. i chose a new doctor and i feel he should now have my medical records.
what causes thrush?
is there a link between aluminum and alzheimer's disease?
suffering from floating stool and stomach pain. how can i help myself to get better?
is it normal that my period is late? almost  days now. i've never had sex so i can't be pregnant. i'm  and i'm always regular. it was ramadan recently. so i fasted. and my sleeping pattern kind of messed up. i went to sleep at  am and woke up at  pm like the whole month. but before that i've always went to sleep at like  pm. plus i ate a lot less. everyone says i've lost weight. and i don't know if i should be worried or not. i'd reaaaaaaally appreciate your help.
what is benign rolandic epilepsy?
i accidently overdosed on tylenol by taking  in a  hour period. it is a few days later and i have no symptoms. i don't know what is should do. this was regular strength  mg tylenol. it is  days later the only symptom i have is upper right abdominal pain. any thoughts? thanks
what are the guidelines for using insect repellent on a baby?
i've been taking respa-ar for allergies. i can't seem to get it refilled. will it be back on the market soon?
i am a  year old female and yesterday got a sharp pain under my right breast and it goes into my back. what is wrong? . it hurts especially when i bend over.
what does black stool mean. ulcer history. passing out removal of % of my stomach. i was recently diagnosed with fibromyalgia and pretty much have pain everywhere. had a bad reaction to gabapentin and have had no medications (except depression/anxiety) since wednesday (dr. is too busy) and it is now sunday. no appetite. have to force myself to eat. nothing tastes right. drinking a lot of water constantly thirsty. pooping is painful very dark almost grassy like. from mashed potatoes to watery. suggestions?
ive been following lchf (low carb-high fat) diet for just  months only please advise?
i am on birth control but i started spotting a few days before my scheduled period. is this common? . i also had unprotected sex last night (the day before my period is supposed to start) and so far i haven't seen any sign of my period. is there a chance i could be pregnant?
im  year old female abused as a child terrified of men how do i make it all stop?
at  going on . what are the chance of get pregnant. i can't get pregnant because of health issues.
can a previous abortions affect me from getting pregnant? . i have  abortions and a miscarriage after that and the had son and now i want to pregnant again. i have had unprotected sex and never got pregnant and am not on contraceptives. do you think the past abortions is the issue?
i have a lump on my chest lots of pain and i'm tired all the time. i have a family history of cancer should i worry? . i'm  years old female with a strong family history of cancer. about  months ago i found a small lump on my chest but didn't think anything of it. about a month ago it started getting a little bigger and my breast started to swell. than i started having a lot of pain in that area so much so sometimes it hurts to use my arm. i have been tired all the time and have no energy. i have also been running a small fever off and on. should i be worried?
"how long before i can i return to sports like the one that injured my finger in the first place? . my middle and ring fingers got caught in the elastic waste band of my opponents shorts as i pulled their flag. both fingers injured but i felt a ""pop"" in my middle finger. i squeezed the middle finger from the top and bottom and felt something move and the discomfort decreased a great deal but on day  after injury and wearing a splint i no longer have range of motion whereas i did have full motion on the day of injury."
i started chantix a week ago and i'm expirencing some horrible side effects. my doctor isn't really helping. i'm sick to my stomach for - hrs after a half dose. i started to have pale stools and dark urine. my skin is itchy but with no visible rash. i'm hot and sweating. i've quit smoking and have not had a cigertte since yesterday. i called my doctor but they told me to stick it out for another couple of days. i'm going out of my mind with the itching and can't deal with the stomach pains. what's wrong?
can you get herpes simples  by using someones razor?
can coconut oil cure jock itch or is there something better to cure it?
i don't know if my nipples are inverted are not. ( yo started period) they aren't like most girls. i started my period not that long ago and i realized that my nipples aren't normal. they're just puffy/smooth with no bud. when i'm cold they look stiffer or slightly more tighter? there still wouldn't be a bud. i did the test where you pinch the areola and it worked but i still don't know if it's effective because i'm young. this makes me very self-conscious no matter how much people say i shouldn't be. is this a part of puberty? will they stay this way? if so how can i change them? help!
is full open shoulder rotator cuff surgery with  anchors considered extensive. my tear was a hole about / of an inch in diameter
what is circumcision like in teen years? . we've recently decided to get my -year-old brother circumcised because it was irritating him a lot. i was wondering what the risks would be recovery time and how painful it'll be for him?
who can tell me the detail of   swtor credits with % off? . the follow is % off sale details :. . . % off sale will be available at : am on february  . . . the selected swtor credits is up to  and it will be sold at %-off price including. .  portions of  swtor credits us.  portions of  swtor credits eu. . . the activity will come to an end once all portions of % off products are sold out. please be quickly! . . never miss % discount code  for buying swtor credits on <link> anytime!
i'm the only family member who got a flu shot and i have the flu and they don't. what could explain this?
my wife has  weak pregnancy somthing white liquid type out from her vaginal. is this any risk?
i am  years old eat less than  calories/day work out  a day - days a week and have not lost weight. why? . i gained approx.  pounds after my wedding. i was working out  days a week twice a day and eating about  calories/day. i was  the day of my wedding. i understand that was not healthy. i am now  pounds. for the last few weeks i have been eating  calories a day. i have cut out white flour and red meat and try to eat all organic when possible. i work out - times a week mixing strength training with cardio. i should have lost weight by now. why am i not and what can i do?
what can i do to treat cystic fibrosis at home?
what are the symptoms of bacterial vaginosis?
is hiccups a symptoms of any cancer type. i recently observed blood in my urine and series of test and it was discovered a small bruise in the front part of the bladder. in event leading to test one of the question was do i have frequent hiccups. at that time i had no hiccups. now a year later after a follow up check up am having frequent hiccups. so my question is hiccups latent symptom of prostrate cancer. .
pregnant? i had sex in march and the condom spit. i have pcos taking the contraceptive pill. no bump and had periods. think i may be pregnant and in the later stages. i had sex in march and the condom spit but i've been ignoring it. i have pcos but have been taking the contraceptive pill when i had sex and now. i have no symptoms and no bump. help?
am i pregnant? . intercourse on sep . it was unprotected but did not ejaculate. on sep  brown discharge that lasted - days. on octr  brown discharge turned into bright red blood. this lasted - days.  day used tampon - the rest of the days were fairly light but needed a pad. ended on october . i have taken  pregnancy tests all come back negative. no pregnancy symptoms whatsoever. was recently hospitalized for  day for dizziness due to an anxiety-attack induced heart arrhythmia
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of woman's laxative-bisacodyl?
for tax year  i will probably make around $ . i will most likely make around $  in  if i stay healthy. do i qualify for medicaid in ?
what tests can detect lactose intolerance?
i have been suffering from low grade fever excessive saliva at night dark and less urine?
facial pain tingling numbness along with ear pain and fatgue brain mri found several lesions?
what are some tips for getting started exercising if i am depressed?
sometimes my vision in my left eye goes away doctors have tried everything?
my pharmacy changed my birth control for some unknown reason should i contact my doctor? . i've been taking microgestin fe / for about  months now and today i got my refill but my pharmacy changed me to gildess fe /. it is not a matter of my insurance covering it because the microgestin is generic so it makes no sense to me that they would change it to another generic brand. . is there any reason they would have switched my birth control and should i talk to my doctor before i take the new one?
does spermicidal condoms highers my chances of preventing pregnancy if something leaked during anal sex? percentage? . tested and got a negative when period started. she ended on day . day  had anal sex tried to avoid ejaculation so it wont spill to her vagina. i did ejaculate but i pulled out. no penetration of vagina. after that i used spermicidal condoms and had normal sex. fairly regular last period was  days and tested positive with the ovulation kit around mid cycle. so earliest that she can possibly ovulate is around day  i'm guessing
can i alter my diet prior to and/or while pregnant to decrease my risk of gestational diabetes?
are people with schizophrenia dangerous to themselves or others?
had high blood presser taking medicine now lost # and bmi in health range now presser low should i quit taking
can i become pregnant after having intercourse during periods?
i'm the only family member who got a flu shot and i have the flu and they don't. what could explain this?
what treatments are available for an enlarged prostate?
are people with bipolar disorder considered dangerous to others?
something to worry about? colon cancer? . my husband is having an endoscope next week. he has has severe bloody diareha for years and he has massive swelling on upper left abdomen which started a few months ago. the pain is severe to the point where he feels as though he is splitting. in one month he has gained  pounds due to this mass on his side. he is  years old i am very concerned about the symptoms. i know we will find out soon but i'd like to know how to proceed after the endo and do his symptoms sound indicitive of cancer?
can a lab tell the time of day you took prescription xanax. i have a prescription to take  xanax only at bedtime. i took .  mg at  and.  mg at . i took a urine test at . this was a d. o. t urine test where they sent it to a lab and i will be screwed if they find out that i took it during the day. will they know? thx
what causes mucus in bowel movement after during cleansing diet?
how can you catch west nile
i had a semen analysis need second doctor opinion and more advice?
what are the risks of plyometric exercises?
since late last year l have been complaining about my loss of appetite and consequently loss of weight?
woke up and couldn't see out right eye very well vision returned after  minutes and something to eat but now have a headache
i need to keep my scrotum cold in order to fully recover from infection and inflammation on left testicle. how to do it? . left testicle had gotten stiff (not completely) and doubled its size and weight. doc said it'd take it up to  months to get back to normal but my country is too warm and that makes the sick testicle hang too low and that's delaying my recovery because i'll always inadvertently hurt the left testicle while sleeping trying to walk etc. so the  months passed it's only shrinked around %! so i was wondering if there is a way to keep my scrotum cold to make it stay retracted. thanks.
what are these strange lines on my left shin? started appearing about  months ago and are not scars or pressure marks. there are  indented lines on my left shin that started appearing about  months ago. sometimes they are not visible but when they are they are always exactly the same. i have never injured my leg so they are not scars and they are definitely not pressure marks from socks or pants. they are about  inch long and run perfectly parallel with each other.
how can i treat my baby's eczema?
i think i have sleep-related eating disorders – night eating syndrome?
my husband has cancer but i need to lose weight. what would be a healthy diet we could both use?
we have this patient whos veins on upper and lower extremities are no longer accessible due to multiple peripheral insertion?
having trouble with blood and iron levels. had to have  transfusions and  infusions?
i'm a female and all my life i have had hair on the sides upper lips under chin. what can i do to stop the waxing? . it costs a little too much for my budget. i am  years old female also wonder if this is for life.
had a sudden severe headache numbness nausea blurred vision seeing stars rash and numbness hasnt left. what is it?
i had a small swelling in the right breast is this lymphadenopathy significant
how do you tell the difference between a cyst and something else? . i found a nickel sized lump on my bikini line that hurts and is solid with a little give at the touch like cysts i've had before do but the skin above it is redish and looks bruised. is it possible it's something more like a tumor or just a cyst that caused a bruise when forming?
hi i have white lumps on the top of my throat?
i go into periods of not talking to partner or children for a few days totally disengaging myself?
is gabapentin an nsaid? . having a procedure that requires that i am off nsaids
infected finger becoming numb?
is it safe to take coricidin while on z pak medication?
serious question about a nicotine overdose. last weekend i smoked too much hookah and i believe i overdosed on nicotine. sunday night i had a bad anxiety attack and shaking. it has gotten a lot better but today ( days later) i still have anxiety over nothing (i feel that i'm going to die or i feel like i have to make myself breathe). i also have very bad insomnia (waking up - times a night) and i haven't been eating much. my mind is not how it normally feels and i'm scared that this is a permanent thing. is there anything to help me?
is it safe to have intercourse with my husband while he is taking cytoxan?
 month of pregnancy no pain but can feel a soft sac like something in my vagina what is this? . no pain or bleeding still have normal sex but can feel something in my vagina and it makes me walk a little wobbly
female  yrs. red scaly rash on my neck for several months. tinea barbarae was dx by dr. didn't cure. cause? cure? . dr. prescribed clotrimazole and betamethasone. diproplonate cream. this did not cure the problem at all. did not even relieve the situation. over the counter lotions seem to make the rash worse. i need to know the cause the and cure. thank you.
how to reduce weight through yoga?
would removing adenoids help my  year old who has recurrent sinus infections and asthma? . - he has had  bad sinus infections in last  months. . - he has a chronic wet cough (for  months) a partially collapsed lung in spring  and a recent low lung function test - hence the suspected asthma. . - he does not respond particullary well to his asthma medication. . - when he contracts a virus his cough can last up to - hours at night. . . . thanks so much for any help you can offer.
hip replaced with radiation now my bones are weak?
cough that wont go away doctor prescribed decongestants antibiotics and steroids need second opinion?
how many doeses if taking  of tamiflu a day will it take to start feeling better on average? (oseltamivir fsfate)
my husband is taking  mg of prozac and is really depressed and has thought of suicide. what do we do?
how do i catch an std when me and my partner are clean
how can i turn off my mind and fall asleep?
i have a bad burn on my hand. i am using antibiotic cream and keeping it clean. do i keep it covered or uncovered?
cyst like structure under follicle in groin area. hard and caves inward. should i worry? . i have noticed a cyst like thing in the crease of my thigh and groin area. when i first noticed it it was small and i just assumed it was an ingrown hair because i do shave. however it has grown and is somewhat worrying me. i'm not sure how to explain it but it feels like it is going up a vein or something. there is no pain or anything but one thing that worries me is that it causes the follicles that it is under to cave inward. could something be wrong?
my wife fell. she has bruising on her buttocks and is sore all over. what rub-on pain relief can she use?
can i give aleve to a  yo boy with virus and heaadache he was given a cold medication already.
what is a tia (transient ischemic attack)?
i have been getting stomach pain that feels like a bad gnawing pain?
does it matter what time of day you take vit d suppliments or any suppliments for that matter? . i was diagnosed with low to no vit. d in my body and was wondering also can this affect mood such depression and anxiety attacks. thanks for your help.
can i take taxol if i am pregnant or nursing a baby?
what are the long term effects of estrogen overdose in a dog? . my dog was on synthetic estrogen for about  years. i used over the counter estroven for humans / pill daily. my  vet was ok with it. she's been off the estrogen for  yrs. we have seen  more vets since. issues are: she is bald (except for her head) and her rear joints are deteriorating fast. she is  yrs old. no success in help for baldness or joint issues. could long term od of estroven be the cause?
after exercising my second toe froze up and started to move under my big toe in a very painful way without my control. numb. pain
i have pain at the base of my thumb by the wrist. chronic pain weakness tenderness to touch
i broke my  metatarsal  months ago it still hurts what should i do? did i break it again? .  months ago i broke (fractured) my  metatarsal in my foot the doctor but me in a cast for  weeks then a boot for . the orthopedic said it was healing and to wear the boot for  weeks and if it felt better take it off and wear a shoe. which i did it started hurting again and i have been taking ibuprofen icing it and elevating it. what should i do? get it x-rayed maybe? do you think i broke it again? would it require surgery?
does a migraine always include pain or can you just have light sensitivity?
can i glue my own crown back to my tooth? the post is still there.
what should i do for my dizzy feeling?
should a person with herpes let their partner know even if protection is being used and there are no outbreaks
i was told i have reuthmoid arthritis all over my body. whats gonna happen to my body? will i still be able to work? . i am a . old woman construction worker who was told today that i have rheumatoid arthritis all over my body. what's gonna happen to me now? can i be treated for it? can i still work?  on my hand are crooked and i get pain in my legs.
what type of bed is good for scoliosis? have tried all kinds of pillows for neck pain nothing works.
told to use tea tree oil to clean out ear wax was not told to dilute it now it feels clogged. did i damage my hearing?
i have been taking advil for over  weeks i want to stop and switch over to plain aspirin. can i do that safely? . i heard that you cannot just stop taking advil. i have been taking  twice a day for back pain.
why am i now at  allergic to tuna? never was before. can this happen.
how often can i give my infant steriod inhalers? .  month old is taking flovent. dr said to give it to her when ever she starts to get a deep cough and continue for  weeks. finished the  weeks approx.  weeks ago and my daughter has developed a deep persistent cough again.
i was given fentanyl to treat my flu symptoms in the e. r. is this common or reasonable flu treatment?
what can i expect during week  of my pregnancy?
i have hand shaking problems since i was ?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of vitamin k?
i had some bumps on my penis not painful is it herpes?
can an anal fissure be caused by a sigmoidoscopy
laminectomy/fusion gone wrong. i had a laminectomy and fusion  yrs ago. i have been in pain since about  mo. after. finally i got some test results  mo. ago (that no dr. can deny) to show that the fusion didn't take the screws are loose and the bolt ends are floating around. i am having pain of all sorts and nerve issues. i never know what the new day will bring (when i can sleep). i doubt very much but is there a reasonable explanation for either and/or both surgeries to have gone wrong?
is your house making you sick. a week in our apartment we smelled an odor. my fiance told me and our two kids to get out of the house. we went to my mom's for the night. the oil guy said the furnace hadn't been cleaned in years.  days later i went back. we got a co detector and a level detector that would let us know if there were any levels of co in the home. it's always remained . before this i was getting a cold. i have one symptom i haven't had before. burning eyes. could it be from the house?
my  yr. old has a .  fever shakes headache fatigue and is sweating a lot. is it just the flu? . he also has no appetite. should i take him to the er?
i've been coughing constantly for a few days now and just started coughing up a little bit of blood. at first i thought it was i cold i caught from my boyfriend. i've been coughing up phlegm with the consistency of slime in one of those science kits they have for kids. up until just now it's been yellow-green-ish but i've been coughing up less and less if anything and it's starting to hurt more and more. a few minutes ago i coughed up tiny bit of white phlegm with a little of red in it then again a few seconds later. right now my coughs are non-productive and hurt my lungs and throat.
if you have swollen lymph nodes in your groin does having sex cause them to become even more swollen? . my boyfriend is worrying over a possible hsv in his groin. he had a worrying case a year ago as well but the doctor he went to lost his sample and is known to not be reputable. his lymph nodes are swollen again but the few bumps he has look like ingrown hairs. the lymph node swelling was going down last night so sex ensued but this morning they're even more swollen than the other day. i'm just wondering if when lymph node swelling is going down does having sex bring the swelling back up?
what could be the cause of low low hemoglobin?
can drinking okra get rid of diabetes? . i read somewhere that if you soak a few okra stems in water overnight that it will get rid of diabetes. is this true?
my toes hurt when standing. especially when i squat down on my toes they really hurt
is there a better or different type of flu shot depending on where you live in the country or are they all the same?
self medicating with  valium - mg klonopin and - mg xanax. will i pass dot drug test. i have been severly depressed/suicidal and have been self medicating with above medication for a few months. i do not have a script for these medications i bout them out of country; i am  female . if is stop taking them today will i pass a dot drug test in  weeks?
can cigarette residue on fingers or mouth cause vaginal bacterial or yeast infection through oral or digital sex?
i have been diagnosed with tuberculosis disease but me and my family doubts this diagnosis?
if my income qualifies me for medicaid in il but then my income goes up what happens? do i switch out of medicaid? . we're unemployed living on withdrawals from retirement accounts. projected  income will probably qualify for medicaid in il (if there is no consideration to what remains in our retirement accounts). but if we find we need to withdraw $ from those accounts in  or if we earn income in  we will then no longer qualify for medicaid. what happens? do we get kicked out of medicaid and go back to the marketplace? change insurance plans? keep medicaid but pay money to someone for it?
how often should colonoscopies be performed? i had my first one at age ; it was normal. i'm  now. is it time?
does side effect of spoting while just starting the pill means you are not in early pregnancy at that moment?
do i have a virus or the flu? . hello . i started feeling fatigued and achy yesterday. i had chills the back of my head hurt and full body aches temperature of .  my eyes just burn when i close them i have no energy today. i tried to drink as much as possible.
how can i improve my quality of life with heart failure?
my hair has been thinning over the past few years taking minoxidil is it safe?
can atenolol stunt a child's growth?
i'm a -year-old california man with a -year-old wife who is employed as a dental hygienist. we have a -year-old son. we are all in good health overall and have been covered by aetna/aarp ppo that is going away. what do you recommend for us?
is my myocardial block the direct reason for my syncope symptoms or is it likely there may be something else going on?
is it immunoglobulin - related disease (-rd) or pancreatitis?
what are the risks in an endarterectomy for woman with stenosis at % of the right carotidis?
what causes bloodshot eyes?
what's up with my tummy? . my symptoms. • full feeling in stomach like its full of water. hard to move and lose appetite and want to vomit. • symptoms become troublesome when stressed. mild burning feeling. • can eat normally in school and also feel normal at school. • i can feel water up my throat and want to burp all the time. • taking antacids and cimetidine. is this an ulcer because i have not been screened yet for h. pylori or an ulcer screening. but does this sound like one? help? i'm  and a hypochondriac
i had  chckn pox on my abd when i  so did my sister she got them again when exposed and i didn't can i still get them? . i'm now  and trying to conceive and one of my co workers was just diagnosed with shingles. could i get chicken pox from her shingles?
causes of genital warts without sex? . i'm a male and i went into the doctor's to see about what i thought was acne around my genitals (just above my penis). he told me it was warts caused by hpv and despite me practicing safe sex a condom doesn't protect against it. but i've contacted my previous  sexual partners. in the years since we've been together they've all been tested for different reasons: pregnancy cancer abortion and regular physicals. . how else could i have gotten them?
my girlfriend is very nauseous and vomiting. passed out for a second. what should i do?
i am getting a fever blister. i licked my finger and wiped a spot of dirt off my son's cheek. will he get one now?
what causes parkinsons disease?
i have schizophernia and manic depression what medication should i take
i am  years old in good health  lbs and don't smoke. do you have any recommendations on what health insurance i should get in terms of what i need to look for now and in    years as well?
uti a month ago and now i have a kidney infection. been on antibiotics for  days but pain in back is worse.
i had chronic pancreatitis with a  level should i be hospitalized?
urgency in urination now with blood
slow motile sperms. my husband have slow progressive motile sperm and i want to be pregnant what is my siutable way for this?
my dermatologist recommended laser resurfacing which is not covered by insurance. what can i do for my face & neck?
does mrsa itch?
im . i had surgery to remove my left tube & ovary. i have a scar tissue blockage in my right tube. can i get pregnant?
how long should neck pain last before i seek medical attention?
how is epilepsy diagnosed?
how is a food allergy diagnosed?
is it safe to take ginger root with prescribed medications?
what causes a burning sharp pain in the left side of your ribs under your breast? . hurts to breath move when i cough or take a deep breathe the pain is intense. it has now lasted a little over than a month.
can having shingles make my pee smell bad?
"i have had a lot of trouble getting off of narcotics (percocet and morphine my knee surgeon would give me the percocet and my family dr would give me the morphine) but this time i have actually done it. my last time using it was on new years eve. physically i am fine. mentally though i keep getting cravings for it and i try to figure out how to get more. (surgeon said if i need some go to my family doctor. family doctor would not give me anymore due to asking for refills too soon after getting a rx. ) i then tell myself ""no"" and then remind myself how far i have come. my question is: how long will it take for the mental withdrawl to go away? i am getting scared that i may given into one of those cravings and go to a hospital to get some. any suggestions on how to deal with this would be greatly appreciated."
i am starting to feel very slight burning sensation after urination?
i have asthma chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd) and erectile dysfunction (ed)
what are the chances of successfully extracting my broken wisdom tooth myself?
should you avoid alcohol after having acute pancreatitis?
ear ache for about a week now the top of my head is tender to touch. doctor perscribed nose drops not helping. the tenderness on the top of my head seems to be a little worse today. i can feel it even when i turn my head. no fever. had a cold about - weeks ago. a few headaches last week.
can douching hurt my chances of having a healthy pregnancy?
i have a keloid on my chest but don't know what kind it is and want to get rid of it. i have had this keloid for  yrs it has never gotten bigger or smaller it is not that big its about the size of a nipple on a woman's breast a quite small one doesn't hurt or itch really ever hard dark i am african american when i was little i was scratching my chest a lot one day and the next morning a bump appeared and then the bumped turned darker and now it a keloid i guess not sure if i can use something to get rid of it or if i have to get injections surgery ect
how can sleep keep my heart healthy?
do you have to wean off of prozac or can you quit cold turkey?
what is a metered dose inhaler?
is it possible for a radiologist to miss a testicular tumor? . i have a small hard pea-size bump on the top part of my testicle definitely attached feels solid (not liquid) and sensitive. i only noticed it when it started to hurt. i saw a radiologist for an ultrasound and was told it's an epididymal cyst. i've read epididymal cysts are usually filled with fluid (malleable) and not attached to the testicle. . is it possible a radiologist doing an ultrasound could miss the lump? and if so is it ok to wait another month or so to have it rechecked? . thanks!
sore breasts and back pain  weeks after mirning after pill induced period when bf and i had an accident. pregnant? . had sex strsight after period condom broke and took map due to precum only. four days later had sex where condom slipped off after ejaculation. most semen captured in condom but some deposited in me most likely. took map again next day. heavy bleeding a few days lster then had really sore breasts and back pain three weeks later and havent had a period since. am i pregnant or are these side effects of plan b / morning after pill
what's the best way to treat melasma hyperpigmentation?
i have hearing aids. should i use debrox weekly monthly or quarterly to minimize ear wax buildup
i have had idiopathic intracranial hypertension now lose vision doctors dont know why?
i fell pregnant found out it was a chemical pregnancy now having non stop hot flashes?
answer needed asap. basically i ate  pizzas and a pasta with a meat and drank a cup of mango juice. i have been thinking that since i get some water from food is it possible i might have gotten water intoxicated? thank you very much
what causes hemmoroids? . the situation appears to be rather strange. my wife and i developed hemmoroids at pretty much the same time. she did first then i did about a month later. we have now had them for several weeks. she has sought medical help and got advice on hemmoroidal creams. we have had our water tested several times. this seems like to great of a coincidence to be anything other than either a virus. yet i find no information pertaining to a virus that can cause hemmoroids or hemmoroid-like symtoms.
what if your appendix is hurting for  days without seeing a doctor? . it hurts when i cough and sneeze and barely keep anything down
am i pregnant? . pt negative missed period for  mos. feeling sleepy every morning but sleep is enough. headaches are often but that's it. emotional sometimes.
"hi i am a  year old female. my question relates to exercise intolerance. i am very unfit and am wanting to get fit for the first time in my life but whenever i start even an easy exercise program i get really wiped out. i usually feel okay after my ""workout"" (barely a plausible term) session but feel extremely fatigued the next day. which interrupts my program. this can be very irregular tho sometimes i can do quite a bit and feel fine the next day. i had bulimia starting at age  for  years and am wondering if this is still the effects on my body. i have no other side effects from the bulimia. apart from that i have suffered chronic fatigue syndrome but these symptoms disappear if i don't exercise. i have had my heart and lungs checked out blood tests etc all come back fine. can someone please please shed some light as to why i get so exhausted following even a small amount of exercise. it doesnt seem to matter be it cardio or weights. thankyou very much"
is flossing safe for kids under ?
i am (suffering) pain on left side of my chest?
how can i get enough choline in my diet if i don't eat eggs or liver?
how is a hernia diagnosed?
can strep throat cause the tongue to look like a strawberry?
what can cause nipples to secrete fluid when not pregnant? it happens when pressed accompanied with sudden pain. they were very dry and itchy so i applied moisturizer. and  day suddenly there was this secretion. it turns white from clear.
i have on going dull knee pains for over two years?
does insurance cover the cost of dental implants?
i have tried self-tanners but they streak and leave dark splotches on my skin. some of them also smell funny. help!
i'm a  year old man and i have few too many feminine features should i seek help? . for a few years now i've fell always behind my generation in physical development. had the same problem with growth but when i was  i gained about  and caught up to most of my classmates. now the problem is that my upper body is too slender even though i occasionally lift weights and the more frightening fact is that all of my body fat seems to be cultivating in the same area: my buttocks. also i can't grow a beard. should i seek professional help or is there a chance i'll develop yet?
what could be causing prolonged bleeding in a  year old? . i have always had rather heavy periods but as i have always been slightly overweight that was to be expected. . about  months ago my periods started to be lighter but lasting longer and more regular. then i started bleeding in january. for weeks it would fluctuate between quite light and a regular period then a month ago it got very heavy then heavier then heavier again. i am now bleeding heavier than ever. i have been bleeding for  days now. i can't even find a suggestion of a likely cause.
can i drink alcohol while taking lorazepam?
what causes condoms to come off during sex?
how is toxoplasmosis diagnosed?
what over the counter medicine treats chronic dermatitis?
what can i expect when traveling on planes with my young children?
i have been having a headache for two weeks now not even pain killers or sinus pills are working?
i had rubella during pregnancy will child be crippled or abnormal should i get an abortion?
i've been having severe abdominal pain and nausea and vomiting and diarrhea. for  months. . have had a ct and ultrasound upper endoscopy with biopsy and doctors say everything normal but i know there something wrong with me
my husband is a type  diabetic he refuses to take his insulin injections what is the health risk of not taking insulin?
my egfr is  what is egfr and what is a good number for egfr
i am on.  mg ativan for panic attacks and i might become pregnant this month. how soon should i stop taking the ativan?
my daughter has a ring around her iris is it a kayser-freischer ring?
what if i become pregnant while taking glucovance?
what is antibiotic resistance?
i went for an x-ray and found out i have a faecal overload?
after a  minute walk i feel tired. why.? . i am  yrs. old and go for a walk daily but i am feeling tired whole day. please help.
what is aids?
how can i get insurance now that the time is out? will i get help from the state now that the enrolment ended?
will drinking beer affect my chemotherapy
my husband and i had sex in a pool yesterday i am  weeks pregnant and now i am spotting and cramping. is this normal?
i have pain in the chest palpitations and my left hand hurts?
if a becker breast implant busts is it poisonously lethal? . my mom's implant busted and it was a becker brand she's afraid it might have silicone or something and could kill her.
i used an otc product for adult acne and now the pimples have flattened reddened and spread. what did i do wrong?
i was diagnosed with ngu (non gonoccocal urethritis) medications dont help. can ngu lead to hiv or aids?
if my grandkids got chickenpox and i already had it can i go to work and not infect people i work in food service
after starting concerta how long should it take before we start seeing improvements in my childs behavior?
how are cataracts diagnosed?
i started bleeding during intercoursewhy?
what type of arthritis affects the skin. i see raised bumps and small scabs. i'm told arthritis. never heard of this
i have had variocele in my left testicle since  grade now i felt a bump behind and under the same teste. what is it? . i am  now and don't know if i ignored the little bump or i just found it. but its tiny smaller than a pea and on the left teste same one with variocele. is it linked to variocele or is it more likely cancer. i have no pain other than in my left testicle due to the variocele. its on the bottom behind the testicle. i think its on the testicle or it may not to hard to tell. help please.
can arthritis inflammation make my blood sugar higher?
genital rash. started  week in march . right side of scrotum. soon spread through entire scrotum and was very red and itched. after a month or so it moved to the right side of my penile gland. these symptoms only really bother me when wearing pants for work. then last two weeks started to itch in anus and thighs. no bumps no nothing. doctor says fungal. haven't had sex since february. no relief and all areas are still involved. multiple creams applied two from doctor and one i started a day or two ago!
has short in stature. rides a school bus. feet dangle. a medical concern? if so what can be done to correct it?
i have had  back surgeries ive been having a lot of pain especially when i bend forward?
how do i take allergy cold?
could this be oral gonorrhea or any type of std?
my friend wants to know if the clamps on her tubes can be removed so that she can get pregnant again. if so is it safe?
i have an upper hernia i can usually push it back in but it pops right back out?
are these spots next to my labia normal?
what is brief behavioral therapy intervention (bbti) for insomnia in older adults?
referral for infant reflux. may need referral for infant reflux - would it be with an ent or gi physician. (trouble feeding since birth wheezes or coughs alot - was  wks premature. is now  mos and still has alot of issues with feeding/wheezing)
took apple cider vinegar to relieve cold and flu now nose is bleeding?
pregnancy symptoms missed period sickness but nipple stimulations. not sure? . my girlfriend and i had protected sex  weeks ago. it was a day after her last period. we have had sex a few more times since then. before  weeks ago it had been  months since she had sex. now her period is late and she's feeling sick. she has recently started nipple stimulations to have larger breasts. i know that stimulations can induce labor so could that combined with a lot of recent stress the sudden sexual activity and a common cold or the flu account for the missed period?
i drink a lot of water but not losing weight. help me
i had a cyst (? ) on my pubic area so i tried to pop it with a thumb tack and now there is a hole. what should i do? . i'm not sure if it was a cyst but one morning i woke up with a grape sized lump under my skin so i pushed it and it felt like a tire deflated and it popped under the skin.
 doctors have no solution for my situation
i over-exerted myself in the gym. how to quicken the recovery?
what are the goals of therapy for hepatitis c virus?
i've went to numerous doctors about my anxiety and panic disorders and nobody can help me. how can i deal with this? . my anxiety had gotten to the point that i could not function in society. i went to dinner with my girlfriend a few nights ago for e txample and the place was very dimly lit all i could hear was people around us talking talking. i started to get anxious i get tremmers i try to fight it and my mind starts to focus on one sound and then it gets darker in the room. then i can not concentrate for a few seconds and i get a rush through my head that feels like a hot flash type of thing. please help
i have strange symptoms is it multiple sclerosis (ms) or amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (als)-lou gehrigs disease?
i am  years old and considering some facial treatments. what is the difference between microdermabrasion and peels?
touched same pen paper & car surface as man with shingles which i've had. my husband & teen niece/nephew never had pox. man with shingles says his shingles are - weeks old. my husband is  and has copd & tachycardia & had pneumonia several times a few years back. his nephew has aspergers & autism & his niece has belly. something with the liver she's on the waiting list for one in utah (going on  years old they said she'd never live past ! ) and she takes tons of meds. so- are they at risk if i was in same room as them & if i touched things in the house and they touch it too. what are the risks?
want to know side effects of facedown mastrubation. i have been doing face down masturbation since i am  now i am  recently i came to know about facedown mastrubation it can cause dangerous side affects and it is not usual pattern of mastrubation request if some one can give me the details on this till now i haven't tried for an intercourse as i am not married yet. will there be any problem in intercourse because of this way of mastrubation? will it lead to impotency?
i know how you can get hepititis c but how can you get b or a. my husbands brother has hhepititis but doesnt remeber if its a b or c and just slept with my best friend if he has a or b can she get it
what is hyperthyroidism?
got a flu shot now theres a large hard lump where thet gave me the flu shot is this bad
how to raise hdl. my hdl level is low (). i do not smoke never have and exercise on a regular basis. what can i do to raise my hdl levels? .
how long do sperm live?
veins are not visible for the blood test what to do? . my mom is  years old and in every few months she have a blood test. her veins are not much visible so the doctors have to pierce at many places. can anybody suggest what exercise she can do so the veins becomes more or easily be visible or is there any food which she can take before blood test. i don't want her to suffer the pain of piercing at different places. any help will be appreciated. thanks.
i have been having bad pain in my left thumb for a month now?
i am in my mid- and would like to get rid of my wrinkles near the eyes. what product do you suggest?
my mother gets head spins vision gets black or blurred?
can you take too much vitamin d?
i have h-pylori ulcers in the stomach what should i eat?
pain in testicles lower abdomen rectum is it fatty liver?
if you never smoked or injected cocaine how does it show positive in your system when taking a test.
i have an ear infection and am having trouble keeping the drops in my ear. they drip out when i sit up. i am using ciprodex ear drops (as well as antibiotics). when i put the drops in my right ear i can't seem to get them in. i can sometimes get  drop in out of . i lay on my side for about  mins but when i sit up i can feel them slowly drip out. i also tried the drops in my uninfected ear no problem going in. is this because of the infection? what can i do?
i am having severe stabbing pain at the base of my neck on the left side also with pain in my shoulder. due to the severity of the pain (scale of - i'd call it an  or ) i am seriously thinking of going to the er. this started last night so i slept on my back took an ibuprofen  and took a super hot shower with my wifes super massage head to no avail. the pain has only gotten worse! please help
"is there any possible way to grow taller besides just eating healthy and excersizing? . i am a  year old female and about . "" currently. i desperately want to grow taller. is there anything i can do?"
my mom is  and has frequent headaches nausea dizziness and a constant dull pain in the back of her neck. what is it? . she is diabetic (type ) - takes medicine. has high blood pressure which she takes medicine for. she just went to the dr. and she said there was nothing wrong with her. she has had a constant headache for a week now along with the other symptoms.
how much would it cost for me to get ingrown toenails removed from both big toes if i have anthem blue cross insurance? . i went to the urgent care and they couldn't do the surgery there but the put me on antibiotics for the infection and the urgent care doctor said i need to follow up with a podiatrist. my question is how much will that cost with anthem blue cross insurance?
i'm  days late my last period was april  and end april  everything was normal until may. i was supposed to get my period on  of may it never came. my next period is the  i haven't taken a pregnancy test yet i'm waiting till next week. i've been getting nauseous but not every morning i've only recently started getting sick. i've never missed a period before but it is also a slim chance i am pregnant. my husband and i have had vaginal intercourse but he has never ejaculated into me. guess my question is how would i have gotten pregnant if i am?
it seems most health insurance options on the marketplace are focused on primary care with vision and screenings. . do they have options with long term care or critical illness riders?
why do u lose body hair when u have heart disease. my husband a few years ago had a stint put in and we found out he has enlarged heart. here recently we noticed he loose body hair? what causes this and is it normal
i had an accident four weeks back and injured my foot
can bactrim cause a false positive for benzodiazapham on a drug test
my live in boyfriend loves porn but has not had sex with me in  years. what is the problem?
i recently started using androgel  mg packets and allopurinol. are there any interactions between the two?
can low testosterone levels be treated while i continue to smoke cigarettes?
my  year old got into bleach on his body i rinsed him what else can i do? . before any negaitve comments i have already called posion control they told me to watch him as he didnt get none in his mouth. they also told me to rinse him off with cold water and i did what else can i do?
how likely is it for a male to contract herpes having unprotected sex during a one night stand?
im pregnant but i had sex yesterday and he came in me is that bad
can i still brush my teeth after tearing my frenulum linguae? . i was brushing my teeth this morning when i shoved my toothbrush underneath my tongue. in the process i tore my frenulum linguae and i'm a little worried. i don't have any insurance so can i continue eating and drinking? can i continue brushing? is there some over the counter medication i can take so my mouth does not become infected?
what would make my tsh levels suddenly jump to critically high level when i feel the same? . i take synthroid .  daily and yet my tsh is now .  increased from . on friday. why would it jump so quickly? my dr. is on vacation and i just want to make sure this is ok to wait until thursday when he comes back. .
is any exercise safe while taking cipro? how long after  days of treatment should i wait before working with weights? . i have been working out for the last  years and find myself in decent shape for a  year old male. was starting a hardcore workout plan but have stopped. i have been having some urologic issues and after having multiple scans done the doctors are not seeing anything so my doctor has put me on cipro for  days. he specifically told me not to lift anything heavy due to possible tendon rupture and from what i see the risk continues even for several months after completing the medication.
what is the reason for my disturbed sleep and morning drowsiness?
can u transmitt chlamydia thru sharing a toilet or sharing a bath? my child often bathe with me.
was on  effexor xr increased to - my depression is worst- sweating alot - not sleeping. am i having an overdose? . depression has gotten severe and sleep only  to  hours a day what should i do?
what is dementia-capable?
how long does flexeril stay in your system?
been on keflex for  days now for strep and am really no better. is this common?
are herbal medicines effective in curing erectile dysfunction?
how is dry mouth treated?
i feel constant throat irritation and acid reflux. please share your thoughts.
will my doctor be able to tell that my tonsilitis is from smoking? . i'm a minor so it's illegal. my throat has been hurting for the last ten days and on one side of my throat the tonsils are swollen and red with white streaks. my dad says it's tonsillitis. i'm going to my doctor on monday to make sure. i think it's from smoking cigarettes. will my doctor be able to tell that? and if so would he tell my parents?
how can i keep my child from swallowing toothpaste?
is dietary supplements safe for pre-teens?
my foot is swollen only at the front of the foot not at the ankle. it is now very painful difficulty walking?
"uti symptoms. i went to the doctors because i thought i had the flu. they told me i had a uti. i have had a uti in the past and i had to pee all the time burning blood in my urine but i had my energy. it was more annoying than anything. today my symptoms are headache no energy at all pressure behind my eyes and nauseated. i never would have thought i had a uti again i have no problems or discomfort ""down there"". . how can a uti only cause problems/pain in your head and no where else in your body?"
i had strong allergic reactions twice after eating shellfish and then fish when i was physically active. why is that?
is the flu virus transferable through breast milk? . i think i have the flu or a virus of some kind was violently ill yesterday morning; vomiting fever chills body aches and joint pains stomach cramps headache fatigue. i still don't feel well nothing like yesterday though. i just wanted to know if my  month old whom i am still nursing will catch the same virus and have the same symptoms through my breast milk?
lately ive been having problems with fatigue diarrhea nausea vomiting fever chills and night sweats. ive been sick for several months now. for a while its just been a common cold but as of the last two weeks its gotten worse. at first i thought it was just alergies. the sympoms in my question have been occuring for over  weeks now and i feel as though things are getting worse. i am unable to see a doctor because i am unemployed is there any medicine i could take to help make this go away. i just dont want to be sick anymore.
is it possible for someone who has had an ovarian cyst with the right ovary removed to get pregnant?
pregnancy from blowjob kissing licking finger then fingering. gf and i were messing around at home. we are both . today after laying around for a bit . she gave me a short blowjob. (didn't cum possibly some pre-cum) we cuddled for about  minutes then. i kissed her. for about  minutes. i started stimulating her clit and after she was wet . i licked my finger. and went to mess with it some more. she told me to stop after like  seconds of that. i never entered the vagina. she is worried she could be pregnant. what are the chances?
i developed breathing difficulties approx  years ago which have worsened daily since?
foods habit for improve irection?
can psoriasis cause depression
i am tired legs feel heavy and have disequilibrium doctors cant pinpoint problem?
what causes my left arm to feel like there is a electical current going through it on occasion. my left arm has been tingleing then it will start to hurt this has been going on for about - weeks now then this morning i has my hand in my back pocket and it felt like a electrical current was going through it this happenend a few times this morning. what would cause this? i havent hurt my arm or nothing. could it be nerve damage? . .
is  of over the counter ibuprofen the same as  of muscle relaxers. my fiancé pulled a muscle and when i finally talked him into going to the hospital they gave him a  muscle relaxer and a  anti inflammatory but he won't take them because he says that otc ibuprofen is stronger than the other medicines that were prescribed to him i have tried to tell him that he needs to take what he was given because it is better but he is a know it all so he won't listen. is he right?
i have a skin rash in the gluteal cleft for about a month now treated it with jock itch ointment. won't go away. itchy! . rash is along the outer edges of gluteal cleft and extends to the top of the butt crack. skin along the outer edges of the cleft feels thick and rough. itching comes and goes but when it does itch it is severe and unberable. takes a monumental effort to not scratch. have tried jock itch spray powder equate jock itch ointment lotrimin ultra and cold packs. also isolated little blisterlike bumps. rash on hips and inside upper thigh but not groin. and rash on upper arm. please help!
what should you do if you inject too much growth hormone using norditropin nordiflex?
"what do i do when my anxiety causes me mental and physical pain? . ive had anxiety since i was a kid. i dont take medications for it. i cant afford them. ive been trying to live with it and until recently ive done nothing about it. im tired of feeling like this its causing me emotional and physical pain. my relationships with friends and family members have been suffering. it often causes me to ""wig out"". when this occurs i have trouble breathing and chest pain. my whole mood just sours. i need help and i dont know whats wrong. what can i do?"
my daughter is bloated nauseous has sharp pains in her lower abdomen and hasnt had a period for  months
what is pneumonia?
how can i remove a skin tag from my penis? . i have recently developed a skin tag on the head of my penis (the other side of the head) and i am wondering how i could get rid of this preferably without a doctor. thanks!
is there any drug interaction between aspirin and lisinopril/hctz?
my grandkids have not had chickenpox or the vaccine i have just started to blister should i stay away from them? . i was just told this morning i have shingles
my mother has type  diabetes congestive heart failure doesnt want to see a doctor?
what can i do to help my four year old sleep. my four year old has never slept more then five hours a night. i've tried having light dinners and she never was slept with any object. her doctor just tells me it is natural for some kids but i'm still worried
how should frostbite and other cold weather-related injuries be treated?
is it true that when you ejaculate you lose zinc selenium vitamine d or testerone?
it is bad to masturbate after exercise?
hi mate. i've got a skin problem. i've had it for many years now. really dry skin i get a rash when i shower longer=worse. started around the time i was . i have really dry skin on my arms face back and chest. my legs seem to be fine. it gets much worse every time i shower. i develop some kinda of rash all over my skin but not on my legs or face. my chest and arm just get really red. i generally use moisturising cream to help with the rash but it doesn't do much. i've completely stopped using soap since it aggravates the problem much more. the longer the shower the worse it gets.
does a vasectomy cause heart disease later in life
i had surgery on friday i noted a swollen lip how could this injury have occurred?
what is wrong with me? .  nights ago my stomach had pink spots on it and all night i was hot and sweaty then cold and shivering on and off. last night i found them all over my back breasts neck face arms and legs ears also genitals. today i woke up and they were stinging and my nipples stung. they start out as pink spots and then turn into small blisters and they hurt and itch alot.
"missed period. i had my tubes tied over  years ago since then my ""p"" have been very normal well on sep  started my ""p"" and withend a few hours had sex with my b. f of many years and after we were done my ""p"" just stopped no nothing after that till the  then had very light bleeding but once again for only few hours this time didn't have sex tho but after a few hours it also just stop no nothing so don't know if i should be worried since normally i know about when i'm gonna start could i be pregnant"
i got my tubes tied after my  child. its been  years now. i have had my period every  days for  days. i got my tubes tied after my  child. its been  years now. i have had my period every  days for  days. but this month it was late by  days and it was light almost nothing and it lasted  to  days. i have been feeling a lot of cramps lower back aches tones of headaches tender boobs nausea body temp up and down a lot more tired then usual some time dizzy/fatigue and more. what do you think it could be?
i have had sticky poop since before . what causes it and how do i get rid of it? is it a health problem? . it causes problems when i travel and in my new marriage. help.
can you get chlamydia just from switching from anal sex to vaginal sex? . i just found out that i have chlamydia i've been with my boyfriend for two years now a couple of months ago we had anal and switch to vaginal sex could that be the reason why i have chlamydia? i confront him about it but he said that he hasn't been with anyone else but me and he's making an appointment to get himself check.
i don't have diabetes yet i am showing symptoms of sweating shakes dizzyness and light headedness. can you help?
its been  weeks and  days since my last period? is it too soon to test to see if i'm pregnant? . we are trying to get pregnant and i've been off the pill since december.
if i am feeling really hungry after exercising what is the best thing to eat after a workout? . and i am a guy not sure if that matters.
metronidazole vaginal treatment. my husband genital is burned after having sex with me. any recommendations?
i got sick after going to my doctor she gave me  antibiotics flustat adco cyclizine for my ears and pain tablets?
i am taking  mg diclofenac. can i also take advil for cramps?
what does cannabinoids ur-mcnc:  ng/ml mean. my first urine test showed cannabinoids ur-mcnc:  ng/ml then  days later the results showed cannabinoids ur-mcnc:  ng/ml. my question is have my levels gone up or have they gone down?
i had terrible tooth and gum pain on the right side of my mouth with both upper and lower teeth? dentist doesnt see anything wrong?
can amoxicillin  cause a false positive for meth
what types of drugs cause hair loss?
last few months our relationship does not going better my boyfriend's behave become very much rough he all time avoid me doesn't receive my call not replying my sms doesn't want to met me. when i ask reason he say that he is in mental pressure. but tell me that he loves me. i'm confused. when he is not in pressure then also avoid me saying he is busy. but in date he is normal want to kiss me or other. last two days he wanted to break up with me saying that he is not a normal parson mentally. he say that he just want no misunderstanding so wanna break up with me. i can't live without him. sad what can i do?
diagnosed with hyperbilirubinemiaplease suggest alternate treatment
what are the side affects of taking  to  times recomended otc probiotic would it cause unhealthy weight loss. i think this is causing my wife to loss weight by stopping nutrition being absorbed
can a lab test be done on coughed up mucus to determine if i have a sinus infection? .  days of coughing up thick yellow mucus facial pain all around sinus . antihistimines and mucinex seem to just mask symptoms but don't take away
what is obsessive compulsive disorder (ocd) and what are its symptoms?
no pain just rush of blood pressure and hot feeling in head after smoking meth. i've smoked meth for  years on & off
marathon runner woke up with extreme nausea (vomitted) extreme stomach pain?
how does parkinson's disease affect the digestive system?
i am  experiencing hair loss. started using rogaine  back. losing - hairs every time i apply? should i continue. although i still have quite a bit of hair on top of my head. i am losing - hairs every time i apply the rogaine foam and massage it. i started using rogaine to stop hair loss. now i am experiencing even more hair loss. i have been using it for a month now so i was wondering if i should continue using it? i know people are likely to shed some hair initially but till when is it fine and in what quantity?
my son's allergy test rast score was . he is allergic to dogs cats and dust mites. should i get rid of the dog?
which is better for adult dry skin; cool mist humidifier or warm steam vaporizer?
fever in  month old. it is my son's fourth day with a fever. it goes up to .  and it also goes away at times but it's come back. i've controlled it with lukewarm showers and ibuprofen. i am considering going to urgent care since we're on the weekend but i am concerned of the type of treatment he'll be given does anybody know how they handle fevers at the hospital?
if have sensornurial hearing loss can you then get perforated eardrum
can you get herpes from a drink after someone took one or two sips from it if the person has it? . i drank the drink like - minutes after
taking a stool softener nightly and a probiotic in am each day? . i am on detrol la for oab. it causes constipation. i had a bad episode in may  and after my dr got me all cleaned he said to take a stool softener to get regular again but i also added a probiotic as well. . i am now having a bm each day but several a day. my question is really are they counter acting each other (stool softener vs. probiotic) - would the probiotic be the best way to go vs. the stool softener to combat the constipation (my fiber intake is better now also via my diet).
i;m  and have never been over weight but now i need an excercise to stop the upper arm jiggle . i hope someone can give me a basic exercise i can do to build up my upper arm. i have small  hand held weights to use if that will help. please include step by step instruction. thanks in advance.
is it safe to use weight loss product alli while taking synthroid medicine?
i just gave birth two weeks ago it was not a normal birth?
can i give my -year-old claritin (generic version loratadine) with tylenol cold/sinus?
is it possible to know you are pregnant after just a week of having sex with someone?
how soon after conception can i take a pregnancy test. i'm having the spotting and cramping amongst other symptoms. i also had an ultrasound done and they didn't see anything.
what can i do to cope with perimenopause symptoms?
could the skin peeling on the tips of my fingers or toes and the numbness in both big toes be related to my diabetes?
is metformin used for anything other than treating of diabetes?
is there a minimum weight you need to be to take birth control? . a student asked me this question. i tried to research it but there is only information about weight gain after taking birth control.
how can i do kegel exercises during pregnancy?
i have stretch marks on my hips and thighs from gaining and losing weight. how can i get rid of these? will lasers help?
i had an x-ray and doctor determined that i have an ileus the pain and discomfort is persisting?
had unprotected sex. chances of pregnancy. urgent. hi i am  years. i had been having primolut medicine (to delay my periods) from  and stopped on . i had unprotected sex with my boyfriend on  night and on  morning. though he withdrew before he came i am not sure if he pre cummed inside me. i had the contraceptive pill (i-pill) on  morning. just want to ensure if i am safe or not!
why does my urine smell?
having recurrent urinary tract infections (utis) this has been going on for the last  years?
i have a pea size growth in my eye for over a year now what do you think it is and what shld i do. i have been to the doctor once i was given eyedrop n it dint work another doctor told me to gently massage every time but it also did not work pls tell me what you think it is n what u think i shld b afraid off can it b cancerous? can it damage my sight? thank you
how long are you contagious to other people when you have sinusitis and tonsilitis?
what are common warts?
"i'm  and i hear and see myself along with other things and voices. what should i do? . these voices and hallucinations have only been happening for a few years but they have gradually become more intense and they happen more often. i see myself and i talk to ""her"". this other me is different than my other hallucinations for the fact that i associate with her and she directly speaks to me."
i used viagra last night for the first time with little results. should i continue using it or maybe try something else?
how can i help my  yr old fiancee' through issues in her menstrual cycle? . prior to menstruation she not only is irritable but easily angered and flies into rages she becomes despondent and paranoid starts to drink heavily often becoming drunk. when her flow arrives it is extremely heavy clots and heavy pad soaking in  hours or less. she becomes weak and tired. she has been prescribed  mg evanapril once daily for during menstruation but does not take it. she is a little overweight but active and in good health non smoker. what should i do to assist her?
what are the symptoms of prostate cancer advanced or metastatic?
what is pneumonia?
does doan's ibuprofen interact with any other medications?
need help: my first time and hers and i came in her. she was om glidess birth control  months. think shes pregnant?
at  i've always had five-day periods. now i'm having two periods a month. should i see my doctor? . the last few years they have become heavier with lots of cramping and lasting up to  days.
i was choked now have difficulty swallowing soar throat and feel pressure?
can i take ibuprofen when i get a headache if i am on adderall xr  mg?
family history of aarskog-scott syndrome does ultrasound of my baby show hypertolerism?
periods baby's. me and my. boyfriend have been trying to have a baby for the pass year and my period seems to be a lil irregular as of jun   it is now oct   and i am having two periods in one month. bloating and cramps any advice on what's going on
can you test positive from having the hep b vaccine?
i really want to start having children but dont want to rely on birth control to regulate my cycle?
is this dangerous and what disease is this is? . my brother is suffering really bad. he got an enlarged spleen and an enlarged liver fatty liver. excessive colonic gases they are not really enlarged kind of mild. he suffers from the following:. vomiting after eating or drinking anything. vomiting solids food is not digested. it takes him - minutes after eating/drinking to throw up. burping before vomiting. nausea. loss of appetite. weight loss. what do you think that is? i need an expert to answer me. is it really something dangerous?
does viracept cure hiv or aids?
how is sepsis (blood poisoning) treated?
my grandma hasnt slept in  days she has bronchitis?
"are acid reflux and ibs related? . went to the dr with stomach pain back pain towardard my chest on left side. dr. took blood work no arthritis. took x-ray of chest found ""mild lung cloud"". told me i had h pylori finished prepak ( days) took ct scan of chest. diagonosed ""lung fibrosis"". saw pulmonologist she says the reading was incorrect and over diagnosed. instead of her seeing pulmonary fibrosis she says it is just ""scarring of the lung"". nothing to worry. i still have all the pains. md put me on omerprazole."
"i""m  days late could i be pregnant?"
my neighbor smokes marajuana and we can smell it strong in our attached condo. can this affect us and our children?
is it possible to have a mild herpes outbreak (only redness and little tingling) and not infect my partner during sex?
what diagnosed deals with headache vomiting nausea abdmonial pain?
i have a hard bump on the up side of the left foot it use to hurt but not anymore it could be from trauma but i am not sure i am worried because i do not remember if i hit my foot or not when i rub my feet i feel like a little mountain really hard.
my son has a fever of . -.  what should i do?
i got my period but it was  days late. is there a chance i could be pregnant?
what is the proper way to apply sunscreen to the face?
antibiotics safe to take for cysts during pregnancy. cysts are usually in the groin area very painful heated to the touch quite large when felt under the skin open suddenly and drain pus/sometimes clear or yellow liquid for days and have a sick odor. before and after busting open suddenly area is very sore and often return in the same spot or close.
i have cognitive impairment. can i get dementia as a young adult?
is it better to apply heat or cold to sore muscles after stenuous exercise?
how long does a sore throat last? . i had a cold a couple of weeks ago but the sore throat is lingering. no cold symptoms really except very tired and headaches. no fever no chills no swollen glands no white spots. sometimes trouble eating - seems to happen when there is too much saliva - i start to choke. . . . i don't have insurance so i've held off going to the doc due to the cost. could a sore throat last over  wks? what's with the swollen throat? . . . . thanks
is fever associated with swimmer's ear?
will saw palmetto help with prostatitis? . experiencing constant pain in glans and head of penis urologist says probably from prostatitis. i have read that saw palmetto can be helpful wondering if any experts think it is worth trying. i am also taking cipro currently without much improvement in symptoms.
i had sex and the next day i ovulate can i be pregnant
rise in temperature and tender breasts: are these still side effects of taking nordette as ecp? could i be pregnant? . had unprotected sex on my fertile days    and . but i kept on taking nordette  pills every  hours. did i mess up? what could have i done with my hormones? also i didn't experience withdrawal bleeding at all. i have a regular -day cycle.
pregnancy complications after bj. in the morning my girlfriend actually wanked me out and i ejaculated in tissues. throughout the whole day i urinated for only once and after that at night she started giving me a bj(without ejaculation but i supposed with some pre cum) then we actually french kissed and i started licking her private part. . this was our first time doing and she and i are actually virgin. can i know whats the likelihood of her being pregnant? i am really stressed out as i am afraid that she will be pregnant.
can shingles appear in the mouth or throat
what is the main treatment for travelers' diarrhea?
been experiencing a warm/pain sensation in my left pectoral that tends to radiate occasionally across my shoulder?
what are the treatments for pneumonia?
is it okay to have three doses of the varicella vaccination? . my son was accidently given three doses of the varicella vaccination since the doctors records were being updated to a new system. they showed he only had one dose and never had the second dose when indeed he had the second dose over a year ago.
mri showed a  mm lesion in my head inadvertently?
been having headaches nausea sore boobs nipples getting darker and feel bloated even if i don't eat. am i pregnant?
is claritin ok to take while nursing a one year old?
my son age  years shows unexpected occasional shivering?
what are the different surgical options for treatment of arthritis of the hand and wrist?
i believe i contracted herpes from tanning machine at gym?
does chewing tobacco destory vitaminc
type your question here
i am a  year old female previously diagnosed with bipolar disorder i have developed a muscle spasm that resembles a tic along my right arm?
could i have gotten pregnant if before we had sex my partner peed to wash out leftover sperm/kill it?
instant relief/ solution to chest pain and acute heartburn? doubled over in pain- what really works? need help asap. asking for my husband who refuses to go to the doctor. he says it is painful on his left side and is experiencing a lot of gas. please help i can't stand to see him in pain.
why can't i purchase a platinum health insurance plan in washington state? . i thought that you could get  different plans. they only offer bronze silver and gold.
not loosing weight exercise brutally and consistently! due to a recent stressful situation i became partially bald! . i am a  year old male with no prior medical illnesses other than allergies and colds. i exercise frequently and more than many people i know who are fit. i have been tracking my workouts for the past  years and have followed a million diets. i always try to make the healthier choice when i go out to eat (not often) and drink on occasion. from august  - december  i ran boxed lifted weights in combination and lost little to no weight. bp is <negative_smiley> and after exercise /
son was dianosed with atypical growth hormone deficiency. is growth hormone therapy safe? insurance denied coverage. my son is a  old  grader whose height is ' and weight .
is there a generic for cymbalta?
what are some good ways to lose weight without starving myself?
is smoking marijuana before surgery dangerous
 months now left ear blocked eardrum was lanced ent wants tube. decongestants didnt work. caused by ear infection. had ear infection in end of nov used  different antibiotics. have had pressure and pain since. given decongestant nasal sprays prescribed by an ent. had nasal scoped. hearing test showed low normal. had eardrum lanced  weeks ago due to being caved in and bloodshot. no fluid present. used steroid drops. has since healed and pressure has returned with off and on pain. doc wants to put in a tube i'm hesitant. i'm a  dispatcher and my hearing ability is my job. any thoughts or suggestions?
there is bright red blood from my anus when i have bowel movement and when urinating?
how long must a person wait after pneumococcal vaccine to receive other vaccines?
what is coronary artery disease (atherosclerosis)?
do bi-lingual doctors meet the requirements for language interpreters?
i havent had sex since auguest cause but i have noticed these skin tone colored circle shaped bumps in the pubic area. some are in a cluster but most are off on their own. there are none on the shaft of my penis nor my thighs. just in the area of which pubic hair grows. they dont really itch unless im hot and sweating they dont hurt either. they are raised a little as well but other then that i dont know. my on board medical doesnt know what they are so im worried. only person i ever had unprotected sex with was my current wife cause we wanted a child.
i started dieting now can't stop masturbating. i started a low calorie diet. but halfway through the first day of the diet i got a strong urge to masturbate. the urge has been continuous for days taking up much of my time or distracting me only pausing when i'm exercising or say in an exciting part of an audiobook. i rarely ever masturbated before the diet and when i went off the diet for a day the masturbation ceased returning when i went back on. why is this happening and how do i reduce the urge?
i have a thumping headache for  days with painful aching joints?
i had a radiofrequency surgery done on the back of my heels still having pain?
can i get pregnant having sex on the  day of my period. i have a  day cycle.
what is bikram yoga?
tonsil and lymph nodes are always swollen. i'm not sure for how long probably about a month. my right tonsil and lymph nodes are swollen and i am not experiencing any pain. i get tonsil stones about once a week. i'm a  year old female. should i see someone?
at age  i have both oily and dry skin problems. what kind of cleanser and toner do you recommend?
stabbing pain under rib cage. stabbing pains right side under my ribs for several weeks started in july ct scan normal. i eat healthy now it is accompanied with awful nausea and vomiting. the nausea is constant i have vomited  times in  weeks (not pregnant) i have been to so many doctors and they are really not sure what is wrong. all of the tests have came back normal ct scan with contrast blood work xrays ultrasound of gallbladder and hida scan. for the hida scan gallbladder and small bowels normal and ef %
my jaw pops. some of my back teeth do not touch and my front teeth stick out a bit. can braces help?
is it common to fail a pregnancy test yet be pregnant? . i am  and have very regular periods. the only time i have ever been late is when i was pregnant. i am now  days late and have taken several tests that all say negative but i'm having all the symptoms. what else could it be if i'm not?
does yogurt help with divertiulosis symptons? is there any otc meds to help improve mild case of diverticulitis?
i have blood pressure issues family has a history of stroke and heart disease?
can migraines be prevented?
my wife is pregnant for  months now but she doesn't wanna have sex with me what should i do? cheat or wait? . she keeps making excuses and say im not in the mood of sex im tired and more. what should i do?
who can get pink eye?
i was diagnosed with plantar fasciitis ten years ago i was injectead with corticosteroids
i have a itchy rash that comes and goes what could be causing this? . the rash appears in different areas of my body for an example a rash showed up on my wrist and stayed a while and went away. later the same day it appeared on my stomach and then on my thighs etc. its itchy while it is present. at one point my hands first turned red and then start to itch really bad to the point i had to wash my hands repeatedly. i work in the medical field so i wash my hands a million times a day. what could be causing this reaction?
i need to know the details of the health insurance plans and what they cover and my cost. i think that the platinum or gold plans would be best for me. where can i find this information?
what are arthritis symptoms and signs?
should you avoid a hot tub when you have an uti? . i was diagnosed with a uti a couple of days ago. the day after the diagnosis i felt much better so i went to the gym and worked out. after the work out i went in the hot tub for about  minutes. today i have so much lower back pain it woke me up in the middle of the night.
can veggies make a person irritable?
can you have a normal gallbladder function test and still have gallstone pain and what can be done? . my wife has had pain there for  months. she had a normal function test and the doctor doesn't want to do anything.
my bf and i had sex / got period / it came early. i feel crampy and have back pain coukd i be pegnant?
i have been on synthroid for  years. i cant afford my medication and have been off for three weeks. what can happen?
could pain thought to be kidney stones actually be shingles now that burning rash has appeared or could i have both?
how can the salt content in my husband's diet affect his blood pressure and cholesterol levels?
there are some types of tumors that can cause bells palsey is meningeoma one of them?
i go into periods of not talking to partner or children for a few days totally disengaging myself?
my period came on the  nov it lasted for  days. i had unprotected sex today  nov will i get pregnant.
my father has had angiography today – %-% blockage – another angiography? or bypass surgery.
i am having ruptured eardrum one doctor suggested to have surgery and other suggested to wait for  months?
can we use our   tax forms to submit income during the health insurance marketplace application process?
my doctor gave me an anti-flamatory pill for shingles doesnt seem to be working what can i take to make the pain go? . anti-flammatory: prednisol tab . for the itch: chlorpheniramine . can you suggest me something stronger i cant even sleep because of the pain?
is it safe to be out in the sun all day if i am pregnant?
can you be in your second trimester of pregnancy and not know you were pregnant. i feel movement like i did with my first i have all the symptoms i need to know if its possible
-year-old female experiencing neurological problems parkinsons disease?
is a walker safe for a  month old? my grandson started daycare and they put him in a walker. is a  month old too young for a walker. i did not use a walker until my babies were several months older.
what can you take for a cold during pregnancy?
i am  days late on my period. been spotting for  days which is not normal for me. negative hpts. could i be pregnant? . last period: dec. . next expected period: jan - today is jan. . the last  days i have filled up (estimation) of about / of a light sized tampon with blood. i have had what feels like period cramps. i am a super sized tampon girl with my periods so this is out of the normal for me which is why i don't think it's my period. could it be implantation bleeding? i have taken  hpt's and all have came out negative.
my girfriend is bipolar  she is going to see her therapist today i need question to ask him on how i can help her? . i feel that most of the time its me that puts her into an episode i dont know what it is that im doing i try so hard to be there for her but some of the things she says to me hurts so bad that i get mad or depressed like ive failed her somehow she drinks everyday she drinks gin or vodka and she will destroy a .  ml bottle in a week which alot by my standards i might have  or  beers all weekend sometimes she says things like i dont want to keep living or she would be better off dead. help me!
soes atenolol help teens who have high anxiety at school because they stutter? . my son stutters and now that he is in high school the thought of having to speak in class because he might stutter is causing him a lot of anxiety and panic attacks. his face turns red he sweats his heart races and his stomach hurts. his doctor prescribed / tablet of atenolol  as needed for stuttering. do the benefits of this drug outweigh the possible side effects? are there other teens who stutter that have tried this medication and what are their experiences with this medication?
i have a flat mole that has grown and gotten darker  yr later that same mole is now translucent should i be alarmed?
can you take ibuprofen when youre breastfeeding?
i've been taking levothyroxin for over a year. i have developed a rash/hives that comes and goes. is this related?
what is celiac disease?
i have boils all over my scalp and i could see pus coming out of it?
how to get rid of phlegm?
what are the symptoms of type  diabetes?
can you contract hiv when using a non-latex condom or chlamydia? . had sex heterosexual with a guy used a non latex condom be i'm allergic i almost positive the condom didn't break but  later i get really sick it started with sore throat then headaches fatigue sneezing stuffiness swollen glands in the neck it lasted for about  days no fever but i started having uti symptoms a couple days after we had sex then it went away when i started my cycle then came right back afterwards took a urine test and i had high leukocytes in my urine is that a sign of hiv.
buzzing n pubic area. i am  year old female. there is a slight buzzing/vibration feeling by my lady parts. around my pubic bone. i have not had any type of surgeries and as far as i know i'm not pregnant. menstruated  weeks ago.
can weight loss cause high blood pressure? . i have lost  lbs through weight watchers. i lost  then joined weight watchers for a total loss of  lbs. . i have high blood pressure for a number of years controlled by medication. diovan  mg once a day. just recently i have noticed my blood pressure going up ex. / normally /. my dr increased the diovan to two tabs a day one am and one pm. this rx is helping somewhat. i am just wondering if significant weight loss can add to the high blood pressure? . thank you . sandra deustachio
will a home pregnancy test detect your pregnancy if it's an ectopic pregnancy? . i have symptoms of ectopic pregnancy though i don't think i'm pregnant anyway but i don't want to have to go to a doctor just to find out. can i take a home test and it show up pregnant?
what to do with  year old that just wants to have babies? . she is  and has  babies. her mother wants to get her tubes tied the doctor said yes and is now saying no. she just had premie baby boys about a month aga and is already having sex again. should we seek the advice of another doctor. all her babies are under the age of 
the most effective skin care? . i am for normal skincare. but-don't take my word for it! try some out yourself study customer opinions and make your brain up next. the most effective businesses may have a no-risk assure: you can send total or applied containers back and obtain a complete refund if you're not % pleased. skin care:>> <link>
does frontal lobe dysfunction affect my lifespan or likelihood of getting alzheimers or dementia?
how can malaria be prevented?
is ambien harmful to the fetus? . newly pregnant is ambien sleeping medication harmful to the fetus?
what does it mean if my urine is bright yellow?
"are there any known links between ovarian cancer and bipolar disease? . my friend has been treated and ""cured"" of the ovarian cancer - removal of ovary and chemotherapy - but now suffers from bipolar and schizophrenia. could there be any relationship between the two? . she has suffered for several years and has even undergone several rounds of ect with no lasting improvement. could there be an underlying hormonal issue that has not yet been addressed? where could she go to seek further help. she is the mother of a  year old little girl and needs help. thank you."
should i be worried because my month-old grandson rarely follows things with his eyes?
my sister-in-law is trying to persuade me that her nutribullet juicer/blender is the key to good health. is it?
diagnosed with pmr (polymyalgia rheumatica)  months ago and has gradually reduced his steroid dosage to zero?
does ulcerative colitis lead to colon cancer?
can i use benadryl cream with zyrtec
what is lupus?
what are the symptoms of genital warts?
head spasm followed by headache and blurring of vision?
is it possible to be pregnant from oral sex
i am ballet dancer have slightly fractured ankle should i have surgery?
can i excercise on adderall xr ? . i have a prescription to adderall xr . is it safe to workout and excercise on the medication even after the effects have worn off? the reason i'm concerened is that my heart is working overtime because of the medication for  hours and i don't want to risk damage to my heart. i did go to the doctor last week and my heartbeat and blood pressure all read normal. i'm kind of a hypocondriac so please helpme out.
is it genital warts? . i have a wart like thing between scrotum and my thigh more like on the scrotum border. it's there for a few months. i had oral sex couple months before it appeared and it was my first time. also it popped like a pimple the first time i have noticed it. it's rather soft and it becomes itchy when i try to pick it. )is it likely for it to be genital warts? . )is it from shaving because i use the cheapest razor although it's there for about - months? . ) can it be some other std?
i have sinus infection went to er now feel no energy tired and weak?
where do i start if i have never exercised?
what would cause nausea all over body ache blood in stool abdomenal pain flu like symtoms? . ive already been tested for h pylori had an ultra sound ran on my stomach liver and gall bladder (which came up with nothing).
my wifes upper thighs turned purple all blood tests are ok?
 y/o male hbp on linisopril  running fever bp is / not going down should take another bp pill
can low blood pressure cause death? if so how low is safe?
what can b the repercussion if a girl takes emrgency contraception without havng sex jst to avoid pregnancy fear.
my brother has a blockage in his esophagus which now makes him unable to swallow any thing?
my mouth just filled with dark red blood?
is it ok to go on and off the contraceptive pill (i. e. when not having sex) or to stay on it once you start? . i have depression and anxiety and am not sure if it makes mood swings worse.
hi i'm  yr old female had a case of shingles. jan. of this year. dr prescribed valacyclovir. had follow up  wks after treatment completion. (i also have lupus - since ) now i find myself with the shingles once again. dr prescribed valacylovir as before with zovirax % cream this time. this is my  time with shingles in a year. i've had hiv testing feb  during my yearly exam tested negative. why do i keep getting the shingles. i'm told because i'm under  years old i'm too young i can not get the vaccine. i am afraid to have intercourse with my boy friend. please advise.
i cut my finger and may have been exposed to hiv should i be tested?
is abdomenal hysterectomy life threatening
query about taking statins. dear webmd. i am  little over weight but a good exerciser and total vegetarian. even than my cholestrol remains high. my doctor prescribed lipirex  mg per day. usually around one week my values come down well within normal. after that i usually stop medication on my own. on rechecking after about a month the values are back to high again. do i have to take the medication for life? i have no heart disease but a strong family history of heart disease. . thanks. faisal
does monistat contain aspirin or ibuprofen?
i'm feeling nauseous about seven hours after unprotected sex and it won't stop. i've felt nauseous for two days? . yesterday at  i had unprotected sex. he didn't finish inside me or at all because we got too tired. but a few hours later at  when i woke up i felt really nauseous and sick. i ate a banana and felt extremely nauseous. throughout the day no matter what i ate i felt like i had to throw up even when i drank something. i've felt nauseous for the past two days. if i'm pregnant i doubt the symptoms would show up hours later and be this strong. i'm worried about stds should i be? please help
what causes atopic dermatitis?
can cranberry juice look like blood in urine. having consumed a lot of it in a short period of time?
what can i do to treat gallstones at home?
can this cause pregnancy? . we were both fully clothed but i think he had pre cum. he had on boxers and jeans. is it possible that something got outside of his pants onto my hand and survived until i went to the bathroom? my period has always been really irregular but the past two months it was regular and now i'm freaking out because according to that schedule it's a week late. i have all of the symptoms i normally get when i get my period. i also started working out again recently. could i be pregnant?
i took a home pregncey test and only the pregnet line came up what does that mean. i am also have breast tenderness and i'm a few days late witch is not like me. i'm have nausea and a change in my appetite. and i'm filling a little drained
what do you do when your  year old startes having accidents all of a sudden? . i just became a foster parent about a month ago to a  your old boy. he was pt when i got him and was doing great at going to the bathroom when he had to pee or poop. yesterday i went to get him from watching tv for dinner and he had peed him self. he told me he didnt want to miss the tv. this has never stopped him befor. then today he pooped him self ne explanation. what do i do?
"i have bumps on my head that act like zits but are harder to pop. there is a hard white piece that comes out. what is it. so these bumps that are on my head are hard to pop but if i keep messing with them they eventually pop there are hard white pieces that come out. sometimes they act like zits and the whitish puss stuff comes out like any other zit. but anyways the hard white piece comes out and i had thought they were calcium deposits. the last one that i had popped a small round hard piece came out that looked like an onion. that it had layers of ""skin"" and was probably mush on the inside. what is it?"
are there any natural remedies such as acupressure or essential oils to treat headaches?
my  yr old son found a roundworm in his dirt pile & now i am freaking out. does he need to be tested for roundworms? . my  yr old son thought he found an earthworm in his dirt pile but as soon as i seen it i knew it wasnt a earthworm. i believe it is a roundworm & now i am freaking out b/c he plays in his dirt pile every single day. i know that he has gotten some of this in his mouth b/c him & a friend were throwing dirt at each other & some was thrown in his mouth. does he need to be checked for worms?
i had lesion in my scrotum now eyelashes fall eyebrow and hair fallitching in body mouth ulcers cold?
what causes uncontrollable diarrhea vommiting. dark blood/clotting in stools. swelling/bulge in lower rt side back? . swelling in the abdomen with contracting pains during and after stool is released. loss of appetite and some weight loss. i don't know hat to do. she can not get into a gastronologist until the end of january.
is there a safe diet pill that works?
i have been taking  extra strength excedrin ( of acetaminophen and  aspirin) every day for a few years. i have been taking  extra strength excedrin ( of acetaminophen and  aspirin each) every day for a few years; i also drink about  glasses of red wine a day. . i am concerned that i may have done damage to my liver - i just recently noticed the warnings on the bottle. i do not have any symptoms of liver damage (not nauseous tired fatigued weak; i have a regular appetite etc. ). i won't be taking excedrin or tylenol again of course but do you think i am ok? .
i want to know if im pregnant also if i'd feel these signs this early if i was.  weeks i have been feeling different i have been feeling sick but no throwing up ive been peeing/pooping a lot more sometimes the pee will come out cloudy/poop is sloppy. i have been having pain in my stomach cramping pains in my lower back/sides sometimes random places sharp pains eatting a lot more and moody. i am not sure if i am pregnant because i dont know if im late on my period. my period was feb  but i start at the end of the month before the  of every month.
can acid reflux disease be treated with medications?
recent erectile dysfunction should i avoid changing medication and go for a pump?
how can i age with vigor?
what is a dry powder inhaler?
how will medicare patients apply or reapply for medicare?
"how to lose more weight and get into exercise? . so back in march i weighed  lbs at '"". i had been rather fed up with this so i cut out a lot of carbs (less bread pasta sugar etc). by may i weighed  lbs and now i think its time to lose  more pounds. seeing as my diet is a lot healthier i suspect changing that any further won't help unless i go extreme and be miserable. i've tried cardio regimes but the soreness always keeps me from sticking with it. if i am sore is it a good idea to exercise anyway?"
if i were to take xanax  mg. prescribed to me thursday night would it be out of my system by sunday evening? driver. i want to be responsible. i have had some life changes that have caused anxiety and my doctor prescribed me to take  mg of xanax for only emergencies along with well butrin. however i drive for a living and i don't want to take any chances with my livelihood. i don't want to have any in my system while working. i will not start if there is no way of avoiding this problem. thank you
i have been suffering from joint disease for  months?
what's the best way to get answers to my questions from my insurance company?
what is the outlook for people with heart failure?
does the bleeding contains any clots for early pregrancy symptom and how long will the bleeding be.?
im  years old and i take medication for adhd/add. my penis size is small and im curious if my med are the reason why. i've been taking them since about  or  grade. if this is the case if i stop taking them will my penis start to grow again?
how long can you be infected with hpv before warts appear. i am a male and have recently developed genital warts. i have only been with my current partner in the last  years and was wondering if is was possible that one of us could have been infected prior to this and this would only show up or manifest itself now? is there a possibility that it is caused by the same strain that causes plantars warts as she has these warts.
can oral sex combined with kissing possibly result in pregnancy? . recently (a few weeks ago) my girlfriend performed oral sex on me and swallowed. we made out (the taste of semen was present in her mouth) and then i performed oral sex on her without thinking that i could have sperm present in my mouth. her period is now somewhat late in coming so we are both worried that she might have gotten pregnant. i know that there is at least a small chance of it but could she have feasibly gotten pregnant from this scenario?
is it okay to take both claritin-d and tylenol or advil at the same time? should any of these medications not be mixed?
i was diagnosed with a prolapse uterus my cervix has risen back?
is it immunoglobulin - related disease (-rd) or pancreatitis?
i had a normal period about a week after intercourse then another a month later than  months later spotting. problem? . i'm also feeling slightly nauseas. i haven't been sexually active after the first incident however. i am mainly wondering what could've caused the spotting and if by seeing that i've stressed myself into making up the nausea and thinking it's worse than it really is.
i heard that hydrogen peroxide is good for your teeth. do i brush or gargle with it?
i had a surgical abortion i have concerns about my future fertility?
can increased physical activity and weight loss cause you to skip your period?
ive been diagnosed with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (rrms) losing weight can it be lyme disease?
does cold therapy work for arthritis pain?
my  year old daughter has very foul fishy odor in her urine and i don't know what to do. should i be concerned?
ive been diagnosed with ms (multiple sclerosis)
what risks do the new pap smear guidelines pose to patients?
how do you know if shingles are affecting the eye. shingles are dried up on temple area but alot of pain around eye and down that side of face and ear.
what is hcg (human chorionic gonadotropin) for infertility?
i had a miscarriage could i have lost only one of the twin babies?
i have a lump at the near end of my virginal area. it's not a blister but it hurts. . i just had my menstrual cycle. i always get rash or lumps during and after that (since the first time i had menstrual cycle) so i didn't pay much attention to it. but now it start to hurt. i am not sexual active and i don't shave. i want to know what is it. should i worry about it?
eye trauma. ( been more than  years) and i still have a sensativity to light and early morning pain. other than going back and waiting at the hospital for  hours + is there anything i can use (over the counter) to help reduce early morning pain ( my eye waters and and it's difficult to open) i am still using muro  drops and cream originally perscribed  years ago
are there any new creams to help eliminate the lines between my eyes?
what can i do about hair loss?
my husband switched to fentanyl patches after taking oxycontin for two years. when can he expect relief from his pain?
"can anyone give more information on primary cutaneous neuroendocrine ""merkel cell carcinoma""? . my brother-in-law has been diagnosed with a rare type of cancer and i'm looking for information on how this is treated and success rates for chemo treatment. ."
my boyfriend has bump on head headaches fever and urination problems with pus?
help to stop bf's odor coming from his foreskin? lotrimin scrubbing yeast infection meds arent helping. need answers. my bf has this fishy under from being uncircumcised. he scrubs and cleans and ive even witnessed this. weve tried lotrimin and fluconazole pills and still no luck. not really finding help from doctors or blogs. any advice?
i have a stone stuck in one of my kidneys-(mri); they say it shouldn't cause any pain but i do. any suggestions? thanks.
is being extremely tired a side effect/symptom of shingles? . my mother () was diagnosed with shingles and all she wants to do is sleep is this normal?
lost some hearing (at about %) in my left ear will this become permanent?
hi. i am not sure if i have genital herpes or not. basically around may i developed sores around the buttocks. i had blood tests (may ) culture test(may ) and even a biopsy (june ) but all were negative for herpes. i was prescribed mupirocin and the sores went away after  weeks. last week (sept ) i had sores that looked and felt similar to the ones before but less severe this time. i used the mupirocin and they went away after a few days. i'm worried. do i have herpes even after all of those tests were negative?
should i be circumcised after robotic prostate surgery? . i am suffering from the normal incontinence after surgery and it seems like i am always wet with the extra foreskin after surgery. also i do urinate on myself sometimes when i have to go quite badly and cannot hold it long enough to get the foreskin back in time to prevent spraying all over. is there a downside to being circumcised at  years of age. i am thankful the surgery got all my cancer and i feel great other than the hygiene issue i am dealing with.
it feels like my heart is racing but my pulse rate is normal and i feel out of breath. what could this be? . i do suffer from anxiety. i have taken natural supplements that promote relaxation and that usually helps with my anxiety. recently my heart has been acting this way and i've tried taking the supplements thinking its part of my anxiety but nothing changes.
my son is  years old. his skin is peeling. is it dangerous?
are these symptoms indicative of dehydration? . dark foul smelling urine extreme thirst itchy skin hemoglobin of .  confusion hard stools.
can fibromyalgia cause muscles to tear more easily?
is the generic form of rogaine as good as the name brand?
i take steps to avoid sun tan even then my face get tanned even when i put hat ansd sun screen spf  so what can i do? . as i am in construction field so i need to avoid sun tan so pls get some lotions or pills or steps to avoid it
my  year old was bitten by tick behind the ear and now her lympnoyd is swollen. should i worry? no fever and no pain
i am suffering from bells palsy from  days?
how do i keep track of how much medication is in my metered dose inhaler?
are these spots next to my labia normal?
i have pain throughout my body i dont know what it is?
epigastric painwhats wrong?
does sitting too close to the tv hurt your eyes? . big family dispute! please help!
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of xanax xr?
what is bph?
i have been having bouts of severe stomach pain?
what causes heartburn?
have been having a white type of build up around the head of my penis cauing severe itching and redness of the head
are smokers with copd predisposed to developing pneumonia?
does osteoarthritis cause a higher white blood count
i was in contact with a methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus (mrsa) patient?
i think i may have septic shock im extremely weak cant sleep fever?
what could be the cause of child's consistent stinky farts? . father has chrons disease. father's family has history of other gastro problems.
is it safe to take diflucan during pregnancy? . fluconazole (diflucan) at a single low dose is pregnancy class c which means risk to the developing baby cannot be ruled out.
i have high bp. i have noticed that it usually goes up if i have eaten a lot of sugar and/or starch. are these related? . i take quinipril .  mg twice daily. usually if i don't eat a lot of sugar i can go down to one pill a day as my blood pressure is  to  over  to . if i have a high sugar intake during the day i notice my blood pressure goes up to  to  over  to . am i reading into this or are they related? . . both my parents had diabetes. my last physical showed my blood sugar at . i do watch how much starch and sugar i eat because i am trying to avoid diabetes.
can i get pregnant? when do i know i am ovulating? . my husband and i have been trying for  years to conceive.  years ago we got pregnant but it turned out to be an ectopic tubal pregnancy that resulted in my right fallopian tube needing to be removed. since the surgery my periods have been irregular. i have my period only every other month. i have been trying to calculate when i would ovulate but i am finding it difficult due to the missed period every other month. i am beginning to think we cant have more kids.
who has celiac disease?
i am a  year old female and have osteoarthris and in good health otherwise. my question is coffee bad for arthritis?
very painful foot pain.  yr old male heart disease past  yrs high bp cannot walk very far without developing severe foot pain in the arch of the feet first heart attack  yrs ago last one  yrs ago feet pain started a year before last heart attack started in one foot then after triple bypass in  it is in both feet very painful also flat footed % heart function otherwise quite healthy
i have a hard white bump on the center on my upper eye lid?
i am suffering from hair follicle infection (folliculitis n seborrhoa)
does daily stretching add height to your body?
does dermabrasion work as well as microdermabrasion?
my husband wants me to have oral sex will i get sick if he comes in my mouth. i was physically and sexually abused as a child. my husband knows about this. he has asked if i would preform oral sex for him will i get sick if he comes in my mouth? are there germs that can also make me sick. when i was forced to do this as a child and my dad crammed his dick in my mouth and came i threw up and began to chock. i was also afraid that i would get pg.
how long does it take crawling skin from anxiety to go away? . i had anxiety from a specific incident. with the anxiety i got the crawling skin feeling. i am starting to feel better but still have the crawling skin sensation. how long does this take to disappear?
my son is experiencing stinging when urinating not uti please advise?
what is low blood pressure?
tinea versicolor. i have had this condition my whole life i am a  year old male. usually a two week prescription of nizoril tablets (generic version) does the job. this time it didn't work and the condition seems to have gotten worse all over back and spreading to front of arms. should i return to the dermatologist what will they do? or should i call for another two week refill? what about selsun blue does that work?
can you take naproxen for pain after a tooth extraction?
is dates good for cancer?
can you tell me if minnesota has a state health exchange?
i have man boobs do i need surgery or is there a drug that can help?
what health consequences will i face because of my meal plan for my eating disorder and the desserts that i eat nightly? . i am currently recovering from an eating disorder and have to follow a meal plan. sadly this requires me to eat dessert every night. i have been doing so since about mid-february. i am a fitness and nutrition fanatic (this did not help in developing an) and i have a major fear of suffering health consequences due to the fact that i am forced to eat sugary desserts every night. is there any health repercussions? what should i do?
how long afrer sex does a pregnancy test show positvie? . we had sex on like august  or  i took a pregnancy test september  and got a positive result took another on september  it was positive then another september  it was positive. is it possible to be pregnant only  weeks after sex?
is stress capable of causing heartburn. been under a lot of stress since losing my job having some heartburn issues without eating or drinking anything wondering if stress can be a cause?
can amoxicillin treat pink eye? . my four year old daughter has been taking amoxicillin for an ear infection and also has been getting eye drops for pink eye. getting the eye drops into her eyes is a battle and i'm worried that she is not getting enough into her eye. will the amoxicillin help her pink eye as well as her ear infection?
does cough and congestion come with the pink eye? . my  yr. old grandson developed a pink eye just yesterday i was wondering what does pink eye comes with? i noticed just today that he's got dry cough and is congested is this normal? what else do we need to know about pink eye? how long does it last and how do we prevent it from contaminating others in the home?
if i have oral sex with female with inactive genital herpes will i be infected?
does penicillin go in a mans semen sperm? . my fiance has been taking penicillin vk  for three days and we forgot and made love; i have a sever reaction to penicillin should i be worried?
i have not engaged in sex for seven plus years . now i am having difficulty with my partner inserting what do i do?
i suffer with headaches/migraines frequently
what is colon cancer?
i have pain stiffnes and weakness in hands and fingers. x-ray did not show inflamationn or degnerative arthritis. i am  yr old female. my hands and all fingers are very stiff all the time and very painfull when not in use. if i do not keep them moving they become very stiff in a few minutes. i have been taking celebrex which helps but i want to know what is wrong with them. i had carpel tunnel surgery  years ago in my left hand and  yrs ago in my right. . x-ray taken  weeks ago states no inflammatory or degenerative arthritis. will arthritis always show on x-ray? what is my next step?
our baby is  weeks old. had bronchiolitis and therapy screams but we dont know why?
have vaginal discharge and pain gynecologist doesnt believe staph infection what do i do next?
had sex on fertile days when should i check if pregnant?
 year old mother hasn't had a bowel movement in  days? what could it be? what type of doctor treats?
if i have great bone density do i need to do anything during perimenopause?
my doctor prescribed belviq xr() and phentermine() for weight loss?
is it normal for a  old to suck his thumb?
i have been getting these little red bumps over all of my body?
exactly what does it mean when states are not expanding medicaid?
will i get ringworm? . my little cousin has scalp ringworm. he has had it for a couple of month he has a bald spot and had a kerion that recently cleared up since he started treatment. today he accidentaly rubbed his head against my arm. i immediatly washed my arm with soap  times and once with iodized salt. is there a possibility i will contract ringworm?
what is the outlook for people with generalized anxiety disorder?
"what could cause diarrhea cold/hot/sweaty ""wierd"" feeling in head confusion. i try to control type  diabetes. i'm trying to control type  diabetes. i'm on two types of insulin. i also feel nauseated and have dry heaves. i always want someone to hold me because it scares me and i feel funny. i had my hubby check my blood sugar and it was . i feel shaky weak and have to lay down. within - minutes i feel better. i've had this before usually one or two evenings right before bed and then i go several months before it hits again."
can the appendix grow back? . i have had my appendix removed back in . i have had several scans ultrasounds over the past few years that have indicated my appendix looked good. how can that be if it was removed? is it possible it has grown back?
i had sex with my boyfriend friday night but he pulled out but got sperm on my underwear can i get pregnant from that?
i never breastfed my four children and i know i am not pregnant. so why would my breasts be producing milk?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of afrin nasal spray?
baked cookies during day/evening. came down with stomach bug/fever later in same evening. are cookies safe to eat? . i plan to freeze the cookies until christmas. but i am reading that freezing does not kill germs. don't want to throw away all of my work but don't want to get anyone else sick. .
can i get shingles after having scarlet fever as a child? . my mother is  and has been iin a lot of pain the last few weeks with her hip; now she has a red rash very painful. just appeared tonight. it has a burning sensation. is is possible she could have shingles? should i take her to the er for treatment? . thank you
i suffer in page in front of vagina painkillers dont ease the pain?
can a lumbar herniated disc cause urine incontinence?
when should you start to treat acne?
my husband has chronic asthma. is there a way to treat it without steroids? . his father died a disease that was aided by the bone erosion due to his asthma steriod use. my husband is still young and i was wondering if there was anything out there to help him.
i have the flu over and over again. its been  years?
i have been experiencing upper right abdominal pain on a daily basis for  months no solution from doctor?
i am spittimg up yellow stuff. i start coughing and i cough up yellow stuff. my mouth then taste like i have eaten soething that was scorched.
is there a plant-based birth control? i am breastfeeding and dont want to use chemicals.
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of lantus solostar?
i think i am pregnant but don't have insurance and i am keeping the baby. what do i do?
several of my doctors have said they will probably not be in network with marketplace plans. . i am wondering how they know if the plans have not yet been finalized.
is ibuprofen just a temporary relief? meaning do symptoms come right back once the drug wears off? . is ibuprofen just a temporary relief? meaning do symptoms come right back once the drug wears off? i have been taking it and icing for shoulder pain since a fall that jarred it. i would like to know if this provides just temporary relief in pain and inflammation or it is actually curing it. thanks so much!
how long does nicotine stay in the body?
if my child has food allergies how best can i prepare for summer vacation?
i have stinging sensations outside my vagina too scared to get scanning or tell my parents
are urinary tract infections contagious. my boyfriend has a kidney stone and had a lithotripsy done to break it up. they inserted a stent and it has been there for a few months. during which we had sex and he was given an rx for a u. t. i. but didn't take it. i want to see if he does have a u. t. i. could it be contagious or can it cause any other complications for me?
how much juice milk and water should a toddler be drinking? i have a  yr old and a  yr old.
can african american people get lice?
is pepcid ac a heartburn remedy?
i am post menopausal and sex has become painful and i have a blood tinged discharge afterward. what could this be? . the discharge was pinkish and mucus-like. i also have some pain under my fib cage in fromnt and back and have been experiencing some nausea and stomach pain. do i have an infection? .
my one yr old has constipation to the point where she is crying at times. what can i do for her?
how can i reduce billing errors and keep medical costs down?
what are the symptoms of prostate cancer?
can a woman give birth  months after her due date? . a male acquaintance was told he got a girl pregnant in november . the baby was due //. later changed to <negative_smiley>/. then changed to <negative_smiley>/. on <negative_smiley>/ the girl went to the hospital and according to her dilated five centimeters. she claimed to have stayed for two weeks. no baby. in / she called and said she was in the hospital and dilated two centimeters. on // she called and told him she had given birth. i am not an ob/gyn but this sounds impossible to me.
can a woman get pregnant using the withdrawal method of birth control?
my insurance was cancelled due to not able to pay and i now own the insurance co $. is there anyway to reduce this. i am a student and missed two payments for my insurance. if i don't have $ by the end of the month which i probably won't i will have to pay the insurance for the prescriptions it paid for. this will be over $ and is an enormous amount for anyone especially a college student. i called the insurance company to see if i could pay the $ in installments but they said i couldn't. any advice?
how to prevent further deterioration of gap between the front teeth?
what is colorectal cancer?
dont know whats up keep having high blood pressure then low every day anyone out there can help. been unwell for months now used to have low blood pressure all my life and over last  months felt like dreadful' got sent to a e in ambulance with very high blood pressure doc not gave me anything till my ecg comes back and because my blood pressure changes so drasically every day from high to low am at my witts end as i sometimes think going to have a heart attack. i have palpitations sevre jaw pain and its terrifing can someone help
can mold be in your mouth. is it true about mold growing in a persons mouth?
am i pregnant? . i'm . my boyfriend of two years and i haven't had sex yet. the other day we started fooling around. he fingered me first then i gave him a blowjob. i swallowed it. the next day we did the same thing except i spit it out. a week later i gave him a blowjob first and swallowed then he fingered me. we were really safe but i was suppose to start my period on the  and it's the  now. i've never missed one and they've always been pretty regular.
what over the counter drug can i use to dilate my pupils
white growth in my mouth?
having recurrent urinary tract infections (utis) this has been going on for the last  years?
my daughter has a ring around her iris is it a kayser-freischer ring?
we had sex the day after my period is it possible to be pregnant?
what is lipoplasty?
can a panic attack/hyperventialing cause blood sugar to rise? . my son had his glucose test for cf yesterday and while he was waiting for the  hour results he had a panic attack and began sobbing uncontrollably and hyerventilating because he was hungry and realized he couldn't eat for  hours (the clinic messed up and they had to put off his initial drinking of the glucose for  hours after he had already been there). anyway his fasting glucose was  his  was .  but when they did his post fasting it was .
my  year old father a swollen knee bad ear pain slurred speech stumbling when walking memory loss talking to himself temporally not knowing who a person is hearing things?
will cold climate kill head lice? . i live in northern minnesota the current temperature outside is - degrees. i am curious if i put mattresses pillows etc out in the cold if that would kill off head lice? i was told putting things in the freezer kill lice so i thought since i live in a big freezer that it might do the same. thank you.
iv inserted in jugular vein is causing vision problems and pain in back of head?
how can you determine a high ferritin serum level other than a blood test or liver biopsy? i have no insurance.
i have a rash on both hands very dry and causes pain. what is it? . my skin gets very dry and breaks which causes pain skin is stiff and gives me a rash.
when i defecate it is mostly undigested food i've been having flash headaches and fevers. what could it be? . i've been feeling pretty ill lately. fevers light headedness kidney stone coughing congestion blurred vision fast headaches accompanied by dizziness undigested food instead of phecies and weakness. i can't find any information on the web. maybe it's a couple different things at once.
i have gerd. please help.
is herpes associated with lupus
i tested positive for blood in my stool. what are the chances that i have colon cancer?
how can i overcome feeling so nervous when i play my flute in band? . there's this one song that we play in band and the flutes have a huge solo in it where we're the only ones with the melody. everytime i even. think. about playing that part in the song i flip out. when we play it in band i shake so bad my notes come out shaky i get sweaty my heart beats very fast and i can barely play because i am so nervous. this happens all the time even if it's just a really short section of playing. last time we played it i got so nervous i almot got up and walked away.
head injury. i have been having severe headaches i would have to push my head together so i'd feel better. then if i would do that then the back of my head would hurt so i would release my head. i have been very nauseous i can't remember the date or the month or what i was talking about. i can't remember what else. but it's something else too. i always lose focus i can't seem to be focused because of my head. i can't really sleep at night unless i position myself in a weird position to sleep.
could high humidity cause brief dizziness during a brisk walk ?
is my mother being charged too much for medicaid? . my mother is receiving medicaid based on disability and receives an income from social security of $/month. she was paying $/month for medicaid. she got married and her husband makes $/month so now they plan to charge her $/month for medicaid. i'm lost on the computation.? . note: this is michigan
semen analysis active  % dead % pus cell - volume .  abnormal  ph .  can i make my wife pregnant.
can you clean yourself after having sex with someone that has herpes and not get herpes?
post-fracture flu. good day - i have fibromyalgia and fractured by ankle in june.  weeks later (while working long hours during winter) i developed severe flu. would it be correct stating that the  are therefore directly related due to my immune system not functioning at %? (i also have asthma / pcs / pcos / arthritis)
i have hormonal imbalance i was diagnosed when i was a teenager?
what causes ringworm of the skin?
i have otisis media (spelling? ) anyway i got meds and took them now i have head preasure. is this normal? . pretty much i went to the doctors because i had a loud ringing in my ear. she looked at me for like  minutes and said i had an ear infections. so i got the ear drops and took them. the ringing kinda went away. i still slightly hear it but now i have pressure in my head. specifically the side of the ear infection. anyway i'm getting really stressed over it. i keep thinking i have something wrong with my head. i have a spot where it feels like someone put their finger on my head. its so annoying
period was on dec. . ovulation dec.  had sex on dec.  and  what are chances of pregnancy?
what is a holding chamber for medication inhalers?
how to gain weight. hi! i'm a mother and i have  kids. . after giving birth last year i started to loose weight i thought it was normal. time pass by but nothing happened instead it became worse i became depress and i'm no longer eating. . later i found out that i was pregnant again i quit my job and decided to work at home. . after giving birth this year my depression went back and started to loose weight again. is it my depression or is it because i am breastfeeding? please help me gain weight.
how effective is generic thyroid medication
brown vag discharge after hysterectomy and post mennopausal. i am  had a vag hysterectomy  years ago. i am also post mennopausal. i have been having a dark brown vag discharge for  months comes and goes without treatment. no odor or itching associated with this. i have also noticed a burning feeling throughout the vagina after we have had intercourse at the time of ejaculation. . i have been an rn for  years but i can't seem to figure this out. the volume of discharge at times is enough to leak through my undergarments. thank you for you input
what could cause a woman to miss a period. i have a bf that is fixed and we have been sleeping together for  months with out protection and this month i haven't had a period yet i was wondering what could be the cause i took a test this last friday and it was negative but i mite have tested to early
love keeps the cold out better than a cloak. love keeps the cold out better than a cloaklove keeps the cold out better than a cloaklove keeps the cold out better than a cloaklove keeps the cold out better than a cloaklove keeps the cold out better than a cloaklove keeps the cold out better than a cloaklove keeps the cold out better than a cloaklove keeps the cold out better than a cloaklove keeps the cold out better than a cloak
what are the symptoms of bipolar disorder?
i have heavy pain in both side of my head that causes dizziness sometimes in my back and neck?
is it safe to take st. johns wort while taking lipitor?
i have asthma chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd) and erectile dysfunction (ed)
ulcer i have severe pain in my stomach and nausea what can i do to help. i can not eat without pain in my stomach. i have nausea a lot but on the rare occasion when i vomit nothing comes up
i had shingles earlier this year. i've been feeling tingling a lot more. does that mean i may be getting if again?
is it possible to remove your female genitals? . i'm a female in my teens and recently i've been very uncomfortable about the fact that i had a vagina which i just realised recently after accidentally coming across porn. i get these disturbing thoughts about genitals uncontrollably. this organ is dragging my life and sets incapabilities upon me. i do not wish to reproduce and i will die a virgin. i may change my gender in the future and i think the first step to do so is to remove the most distinguishing feature of the female anatomy.
how much should my  daughter weight at  is .  too much or too little
is it safe to get pregnant if i have crohn's disease?
possible bv in two year old? . my two year old daughter might have bacterial vaginosis. i have been fighting with the horrific odor comming from her vagina. i have tried everything. no perfumes or dyes soaps baking soda baths showers cranberry juice yogurt with active cultures keeping her as clean and dry as possible and limiting the use of her training pants to only nighttime sleeping and taking them off as soon as she gets up. please help this problem is not getting better and it has been going on for three months.
what are the chances of becoming pregnant while using a contraceptive and no condom?
who is most likely to get travelers' diarrhea?
my mother underwent an aortic aneurysm repair still has catheter my aunt died of septic poisoning due to a similar event?
i have episodes where at first i feel really confused and then fall into a daze?
i have suffered from severe headaches and migraines for years?
std incubation period. i was with my usual partners within one week of coming into contact with a person that i believe has an std. what is the incubation period before i am able to pass along the std? could i have infected my usual partner?
my daughter will be a -year-old full-time graduate student next year. . as she is currently a full-time student she is eligible for my family health insurance plan through my employer. she has no pre-existing conditions. we are in texas. where is the best place or the best plan to secure health insurance for her with affordable rates?
will ginger ale settle an upset stomach. my mother always gave us flat ginger ale to settle our stomachs it has to have real ginger in it not just ginger flavored. it is really the ginger that settles the nausea feeling. she also taught us to suck on crushed ice to prevent dehydration.
blood clots cannot be broken up doctors say there is nothing left to do need second opinion?
injured finger sliced open  stitches. cleaning properly and bandaged. fingertip is burning throbbing? is this normal? . stitches were put in about  () ago. still very painful.
what are the different types of psoriatic arthritis?
i vomited within an hour of taking tamiflu. is it still effective?
i have anterior cruciate ligament teardo i need surgery?
"can i give oral sex while in the recovery stage of a cold sore? . i've had a cold sore for about  days now and i'm still in the ""recovery stage. "" my girlfriend and i are both in different colleges and we are coming home for this labor day weekend. we won't see eachother for a long time after this weekend so i just wanted to know if we should be limited in what we do. i obviously don't want to give her genital herpes."
is it normal for a child's new teeth to be sensitive while they are growing in?
what happens after breast cancer surgery?
is there any home made medicine to control smoking. hi tis is anthony my dad smoke very huge as  ciggarates per day he is not stopping and my request is ther any home made medicine to stop smoking plz
my period is due tommorrow. i have had cramps for  week and a half. can i be pregnant? . i had unprotected sex with my husband on august  through august . my period came on august  but was  days early. my period is due tommorrow and i have had cramps for  week and a half but no period as of yet. i had took a pregnancy test but it came out negative. is there a possiblitly that i could be pregnant?
my grandma fell her ankle is now huge and swollen?
what exams and tests help doctors to evaluate or test people for carbon monoxide poisoning?
what is hyperemesis gravidarum and is it similar or different to anything. basically having a hard time founding any useful info regarding all of this. besides what i have found regarding morning sickness nausea vomiting. especially in light that catherine (kate middleton) duchess of cambridge is currently suffering from it.
what do new dentures feel like?
why does my skin burn when i sweat? . worse under the arms but a burning sensation like sunburn everywhere.
what is a cataract?
my bicycle times are down % this year. never had this drastic decrease from  year to the next. i am . old age? . i don't feel ill. legs feel good but i feel fatigued on the ride in but perk up on the way out after half hour rest. i've been overweight and out of shape before and times are about  to  minutes slower but never  to  minutes slower. usually i get faster as season progresses but not this year.
i did not believe the second-hand smoke showed positive in a drug screen. does it or not? . my adult grandson is staying with me at this time. he does smoke pot. i have gotten high from only his second hand smoke. by 'high' i mean i fell asleep in my recliner. i have chronic pain and am never without pain. he smoked in same room for two days and i had no pain since i can ever remember. it did not show on a ua. it has been + years since i actually smoked any pot. is there a chance i could show positive even though i do not smoke pot?
i have moles on my shoulders a few on my back?
can a baby come out in a miscarriage
i have type ii diabetes. what is the best form of exercise for my condition? . i take metformin twice a day and insulin in the evening. i would like a recommendation on a good exercise program especially since i have a busy and sometimes inconsistant schedule.
i just had my  spinal fusion pain right now is all muscle related please advise?
i have raw sore on eye. using antibiotic gel for two weeks. still not better. eyes were burning and blurry. felt like something in my eyes all the time. eye doctor found raw sore on right eye. said glands in left eye are blocked causing dry eye. i have been putting antibiotic erythromycin gel into the eye for two weeks and it is still not better. i am beginning to worry. does this cause blindness?
my allergies are so bad i can hardly talk. what can i do?
my ears keep popping i get a really sharp pain and lose some hearing
i have ocular hypertension will it lead to glaucoma? is there a risk of inheritance and blindness?
how long does it take to find out if you have extensively drug-resistant (xdr) tuberculosis?
what are the health benefits of zucchini?
my thyroid was removed and i am concerned about societal collapse. how would i sustitute thyroid hormone without rx? . misdiagnosed with thyroid cancer and had goiters. i take 's of levothyroxine daily. if there are no pharmacy's to fill rx how would i survive. i have never distrusted our society before but am now convinced it's a matter of economics and eventual collapse. .
is there an over the counter cream that can be purchased for bunions
do you find patients are embarrassed to ask a doctor about sexual concerns?
sore throat with fever how long am i contagious?
when is the flu no longer contagious?
my fourth toe has been amputated is surgery possible to bring the remaining toes together?
i shaved around my genitals. the next day i woke up with a cluster of blisters. what could it be?
"can sulfamethoxazole antibiotic cause a false ""positive"" reading for cocaine urine test"
experiencing right sided facial palsy for the  time in  months?
i missed my period last month for the first time other than pregnancy what could have caused this? . i started birth control three months ago and on my second pack of pills struggled to take them on time and on the third pack ended up switching the time i took the pills at altogether from : a. m. to : p. m. i still have not bled despite finishing my third pack of pills recently and my family doctor believes that i could possibly be pregnant.
i am iron deficient concerned about the side effects of taking ferro grad c
i am taking bromocriptine feel restlessness dizziness fainting body pains and fever.
is there a permanent cure for pulmonary hypertension?
i have anxiety. my legs tingle and my heat races. is this normal?
i take junel fe almost every day. had unprotected sex once i started placebos havent gotten period in  days since. cervix is relatively high and hard. i also have excersized for the past  days straight (elliptical and tredmill  hour) i also added weight training this month. could i be pregnant? i have no symptoms of pregnancy other than missed period
i had unprotected sex the  of dec my ovulation didnt start till the first of jan and ends the  am i pregnant
"how harmful is smoking - cigarettes a day (less than a pack a week) compared to smoking more than  cigarettes a day? . is there such a thing as ""less harmful smoking qty"" i. e. few (-) cigarettes a day say after a meal or with a cup of coffee etc. i have been at that level of smoking for the last  years now knowing the i smoked regularly (more than  a day) for a period of  years until the age of . i am now  and generally healthy eat extra healthy diet and excercise regularly. is moderate smoking something to really worry about?"
is it better to apply heat or cold to sore muscles after stenuous exercise?
what is the correct way to do pelvic exercises?
fishy smelling penis. ever since i started having sex with my current gf i notice a really bad smell from my penis. there is no rash or sores or anything so i don't think it's an std but what could it be? how can i get rid of it?
alcoholic drinks and extreme gassiness + digestion. so i've noticed that whenever i drink alcoholic beverages (though its rare) that the day after i am extremely gassy and also very hungry. the day after that is followed by urgency of having to 'go' at least  times during the day. i usually go  and the urgency on a regular day is a lot less extreme. why does alcohol do this to me? i'm thinking it may be wiping out all my good bacteria in my gut though i haven't had these symptoms in the past (i was drinking more frequently). am i normal? !
are fever blisters a sign that someone also has genital herpes?
can a women get pregnant from precum (pre ejaculation) and if she doesnt have an orgasim?
if i have alot of anger stress and emotional baggage what is the best sport i could exercise or learn to help me vent?
i have acne excoriee. i'd like to stop sqeezing my acne-what's the alternative-does a ripe white acne heal unpopped?
can you alternate ibuprofen and tylenol with tamiflu on a  month old
my immune system is deficient in the  classification please advise?
is there a simple inexpensive way to remove small round black and brown beauty marks?
is there an oral surgey used to treat trigeminal neuralgia?
what are the risks of epilepsy surgery?
how to treat a peeling sunburn. i just came back from vacation i got sunburnt on the first day on vacation and dealt with the main pain and hassle while still on vacation. now that i am home i started the peeling process however because i have bad acne i do not want to use something with like a body oil due to it adding more oil that could give me more acne than i already have? the sunburn is pretty much half way up my back and the backs of my arms. home remedies preferred or over the counter.
why does my penis itch? . all right about a month ago my penis started to itch. i figured it was just an allergic reaction or dry skin or something. but after a month i figured something was definitely going on. i started researching on the internet and all fingers point to chlamydia or gonorrhea. i called a clinic and they cant get me in until monday. and its thursday. well i sprayed peroxide into my urethra and all of the symptoms cleared up. hopefully the peroxide got rid of everything without doing any damage.
does a crowned tooth require any special care?
when is a pillow dead?
what should and shouldn't i eat while i'm pregnant?
we are planning to attend disney world on vacation. my granddaughter is only  months - what are the risks of measles? . she will be flying and attending disney world one day. is this not advisable?
can a stomach ulcer burst. vomit yellow liquid
kidney pain and now what seems to be strep throat could they be related? . kidney pain happened about three times in the past few weeks i am thinking kidney stones. woke up today with a really bad sore throat and white pocket was found. are they related. kind of scared to think i have kidney infection or something or that sort.
diagnosed with uti hiv positive hiv negative  years of anxiety whats wrong with me?
i have found on my right shin a rash. hydrocortisone cream has done nothing to it?
is masturbation dangerous after prostate biopsy. with blood in the ejaculate is it dangerous to masturbate or should you allow time for the bleeding to disappear or does masturbation speed up the process?
should i continue exercise if i have a cold or bronchitis? . i developed sinus pressure and chest congestion. i continued my running. when my symptoms didn't improve after  weeks i went to a doctor who gave me a steroid and an antibiotic but said it was okay to keep running. i recovered mostly though i still felt the symptoms a little. last night i developed a dry cough which feels again to be in my chest and i have a little sinus pressure again. my exercise helps me mentally but is it the cause of my prolonged problem?
i have wound on my toe and it's getting bigger. can i use lemon and cover it with plaster? i have  diabetes.
what is atherosclerosis?
can i get herpes from using the same computer mouse as some one infected with the virus? . what other ways can you get the virus besides kissing or sex
i have hormonal imbalance i was diagnosed when i was a teenager?
can you get pregnant after a tubal ligation?
can diet affect fibromyalgia?
my  old has severe egg and nut allergy can she get tdap vaccination for whooping cough and tetanus safely?
can i be pregnant if i gave a hand job and washed hands on tub then a few minutes later got in? . i gave my boyfriend a hand job and he came in my hand i then cleaned it off in my no-chlorine hot tub. a few minutes later i went in for a dip naked. is it possible for me to be pregnant? i'm probably just paranoid. also i have never had intercourse. i know it's a bit of a stupid question considering that but i want to be safe. my stomach has been feeling a little weird and i can't count on my period coming any time soon because it tends to be irregular. please help me answer! thank you.
is black soap good for oily acne prone skin and is cocoa butter or vitamin e good for moisturizing oily acne prone skin?
if you spend more then % of you total income earned towards your health insurance are you entitled towards subsidies?
what is walking pneumonia?
i have pain stiffnes and weakness in hands and fingers. x-ray did not show inflamationn or degnerative arthritis. i am  yr old female. my hands and all fingers are very stiff all the time and very painfull when not in use. if i do not keep them moving they become very stiff in a few minutes. i have been taking celebrex which helps but i want to know what is wrong with them. i had carpel tunnel surgery  years ago in my left hand and  yrs ago in my right. . x-ray taken  weeks ago states no inflammatory or degenerative arthritis. will arthritis always show on x-ray? what is my next step?
what is a generic birth control pill?
i need to have my permanent golds taken out because i can't really chew or eat. what is the procedure for this?
what is wrong with me? . i have to be short because of the character limit. symptoms started while taking someone else's ritalin. symptoms have continued for  years stopped taking ritalin  / years ago. . headaches . . the skin across my cheeks and nose is red. . acne. . extremely hairy. . losing my hair since . . throat ans sinuses are irritated . . fluid in ear . . no energy. i really appreciate any help i cant afford to see a doc
i am  unemployed since january  and have no income. i also do not qualify for medicaid according to florida regulations as they have not expanded medicaid. since i cannot get insurance under aca will i have to pay the penalty? is there any other option for me?
my mom is allergic to bactrim and was told since she is allergic to it that she's also allergic to sulfa is this true?
im  trying to get pregnant for the past  years. havnt had period since dec   test pregnancy test shows negative
prescriptions being stolen most likely family members. how should this be handled?
i had genital warts (hpv) two years ago. how do i know if i still carry the virus? would vaccination help?
i skip my periods with my birth control (trinessa). i am sexually active. and very busy so if it is unnecessary for me to have a period u would rather not have it. my boyfriend and i use both condoms and my birth control. is there a higher chance of pregnancy if i skip my pills? or is there even a chance of pregnancy? i take my pill pretty religously but i have had times where i have missed the time to take it and have taken it hours later.
can i exercise when on zithromax?
lower left abdominal pain? . hi so i have had this sharp pain when i move on my left side but there is absolutely no bulge. it hurts when i try and move. it flares up when i am in bed and i have to elevate myself. no constipation. i began panicking the other night because when i moved i got this immediate pain from the lower left side of my abdomen. i know i will have to consult my physician at some point but i have no insurance! please help!
my daughter is five years old and just passed a bowel movement with blood?
is it safe to have an energy drink every day?
had surgery for acoustic neuroma having secondary effects?
i just started to get white hairs on only one eyebrow. why is this and will it go back to its normal color. i have been going through a stressfull time could that be it.
am i pregnant on the mirena. i have had the mirena for about  years now and everything has been great i have still always had a regular period just lighter than normal within the last few months my periods seem to be only spotting. also i have been really tired and sometimes become sick after brushing my teeth or from the smell of random things and have been getting really bad head aches in the past  weeks. is it possible for me to be pregnant after it has worked so well for me or am i just now feeling side effects.
is it safe to take fish oil capsules if you have shellfish allergies?
i am  and my wife is  and has no health coverage. . our total income is approximately $  per year. what are our health insurance options? i have medicare a & b.
is epilepsy a genetic disorder?
what are anticholinergic drugs for parkinson's disease?
what is the treatment for common warts?
i have been through so many tests and surgery and have gotten worse?
does aloe vera contain latex? . with all the latex allergies - does an aloe vera houseplant contain latex?
have persistant mild-moderate sore throat been nearly two weeks. otc aids little relief. time to see doc?
i was on the depo provera shot for  months. i have just had a peroid for . am i fertile again?
can a teen boy wearing a pacemaker ride rollercoasters?
tumor on lung pet scan show suspicious but no cancer diagnsis what cam it be?
what increases a man's risk of infertility?
can i get pregnant from precum while ovulating? . i'm having some symptoms but haven't missed my period which should start tomorrow. i'm having cramps achy boobs increased mucous tightness round the lower part of my stomach some nausea. i've been tracking my cycle n its predictable now so i usually just have cramps n that's it. me n my friend always use the pull out method but this time i was ovulating n i feel odd with all these symptoms.
why is my anti-depressant/anxiety medication not working when i am on my period? how do my hormones affect the drug? . i am taking cymbalta for depression and anxiety and i've noticed that about a week before and during my menstrual cycle the medication seems to stop working and my mental state plummets. i should mention that when i wasn't taking an anti-depressant around my period was when i would feel most anxious and suicidal. i don't have a family doctor and my psychiatrist is difficult to get ahold of. i haven't been able to have a physical check-up in many years. i'm 
what is normal weight range for at  year old girl
when i stretch my legs or my uper body i get severe pain like charlie horses i cant stretch at all due  pain back/legs. i have been diagnosed with lupus and arthritis i had  neck surgeries and both shoulders cleaned out with a tear in my left. the neurologist that done my neck surgery said my spine is a complete mess he perform a full mri of my spine and i have some damage at all levels
can a mother who is breast feeding give a newborn jaundice
i have irritation/redness just on the inside of the tip of the penis? does this sound like a uti or a std?
how soon after a hysterectomy can i have oral sex
what causes gastroenteritis?
what is the arthritis foundation?
i am suffering from sleep disorders for the past  year having bags/dark circles breakouts on skin what to do? . i guess it's insomnia i usually wake up with a headache i have tried some over the counter medicines for sleep but i don't want to take them forever. the break outs on skin and the dark circles stress me and depress me even more tried some eye gels but they don't go i think what i need is sleep. i try to go to bed by :- and wake up by :- am. i always sleep late and wake up before the alarm rings so i get very little sleep tried reading book also. please help
is lymphedema a connective tissue disease?
walgreens sleep aid recomended dose is  can i take  if its not working? at least for tonight?
what does guar gum do for weight loss?
my boyfriend has bump on head headaches fever and urination problems with pus?
what are standard treatments for hives?
my daughter never feels good always runs low grade fever has achy bones and joints our doctor can't seem to help. she is  years old we have been going through this for quite some time now. along with the above she has headaches often is moody. she sometimes has trouble breathing then her limbs get tingly and numb feeling she has had chest discomfort as well. i just don't know what to do anymore our doctor has ran test's and blood work x-ray's and i just feel we are missing something. if you have any idea's it would very much be grateful. . thanks cathy.
why do my breast nipples stay hard and sore. i'm  years old my nipples have been quite constantly hard and also quite sore to the touch but there is no discharge. i'm also a few days late on my period. i took a pregnancy test but it showed up negative. i'm not sure if this matter but i'm currently taking medication for bacterial vaginitis. . what should be my next steps?
what is blood poisoning?
will valium show up in a blood test? . i am taking an anti-anxiety pill that includes a small amount of valium. will it have any impact for a fasting blood test?
high blood pressure for at least past week two episodes of blurred vision?
can i take vicodin and xanax the day before surgery
how can sleeping help me lose weight?
what causes patches of tiny purpley/red spider veins on your breasts? . they are very prominent when i'm cold not so much when i'm warm. i'm fair skinned so they can really stand out! they are on both breasts but more on one than the other. of course everything i googled said bc but i don't think it would come and go like that. also they are closer to my cleavage area on top of my breasts. . i had a mammogram two months ago and it was normal. if my doc saw them she didn't say anything about it. wondered if anyone else has this problem. thanks!
can you take  one a day vitamins. i took  one a day vitamins by accident i took one in the morning and one in the evening i felt good and i worked out and had energy. can i always do this is it ok?
i am a woman of color with acne scars. what can i use to help remove the scars that are left from acne flare-ups?
do i have hiv? . i am a  year old male. i had protected sex with a asian sex worker at a spa over years ago. i ejaculated and i believe the condom slipped off as she continued to ride me for  -  minutes. anyway this past week i was diagnosed with uretharitis / yeast infection and prescribed diflucan (fluconazole). now i have a loss of appetite and yellow liquid diarrhea. yeast infections and loss of appetite are symptoms of hiv. i am scared! what are the chances that i got hiv or another std from this?
what does primi with short cervix mean in pregnant women of  months
can you catch walking pneuammonnia from being with them on the farm always?
i was diagnosed with a brain tumor as well as fluid on the brain losing memory?
what causes crohns disease?
can a  year old be diagnosed with aspergers? my son has all the signs like social problems & very special interests.
how can i convince a reluctant child to get a flu shot?
can you regrow all of your nail. i recently got fake nails and got them caught on something which caused all of my nail to come off. just wondering will i ever have real nails again or am i sol lol. if i can regrow it back about how long will ot take?
"she eat my sperm and immediately drink water after that we kiss togehter ans then i suck her vagina can get pregnant? . first she suck my penise and ask her  can i done i your mouth"" she said ""yes"" so done in her mouth. after that she swallow my sperm and drink a water. and we kiss together and then i suck her vagina does it can get pregnant?"
what activities cause the psa to rise?
what does eczema herpeticum look like?
is it ok to get pregnant when i have a hernia?
can stress and anxiety cause ibs. recently had colonscopy and endoscopy everything fine. . stomach always feeling funny
how long after a closed rhinoplasty is it safe to resume running and weight lifting exercises? #healthnut
i suffer from stuttering whats the treatment?
my mother gets head spins vision gets black or blurred?
can i get pregnant if he cumes inside of me knowing i dont take my birth control pills regularly and skip some days. i have been taking the pill for over three months. i don't always remember to take it so i skip no more than two or three days plus i don't take it at the same time everyday. if my partner was to ejaculate inside of me will i get pregnant?
i was taking my pulse & accidentally pushed too hard on the vein in my neck the pulse is now barely there and im worried. i was trying to take my pulse and accidentally pushed too hard on the vein in my neck. the pulse is now barely there on one side and i'm worried. i don't even want to touch either side of my neck anymore because i'm too scared. will is slowly come back to normal? do i need to go to the hospital?
can you get shingles only in the pubic area?
whats the medical term for when sperm swim backwords? . in my husbands first marriage he was diagnosed with something to were his sperm swim back words. they told him he could get it corrected but with surgery. or is there a cheaper way for me to get pregnant? like maybe say ivf or icsi? i already have a son from a previous relationship.
quit smoking  days ago. relapsed today. smoking a half of a cigarette. will i go through physical withdrawal again?
what is obsessive-compulsive disorder?
my baby had immunization in uk and he should have done the third shot but cant?
can your sternum pop? . i notice sometimes when i sneeze there is a pop from the center/top of my chest. i have also notice it happen if i stretch my arms out & back. but it doesn't happen everytime should i be worried?
a patient required to take .  mg of warfarin everyday. each warfarin is  mg. how many tablet that will be?
watery eyes runny nose slight headache no cough. for the past  days i've had watery eyes and runny nose and a slight headache that goes and comes no fever or cough. what may i be experiencing? .
i am  male and been exibiting hair loss please help more info below. hi im  year old male and i recently have been exhibiting hair loss. if i run my hand through my hair close my fingers and look at it there are quite a number of hairs. i have not been over stressed but my diet does not include many vitamins or fruits and whatnot. i have though been spending quite some time indoors. please help.
am i pregnant? my last period started / ends // we got contact //. // my period didn't come yet. pls i need advised i didn't have my period yet usually earlier i have it is it possible that i am pregnant now?
has gallbladder removed er surgery for herniated and obstructed intestine and a gastric bypass hands now blue?
how does bipolar disorder affect someone over time?
high white blood cell count fever chills blurred vision. doctors cannot find anything wrong with me. have seen the doctor for almost  months just finished  days of antibitocs still feel terrible last week my wbc count was  it has been as high as  they have done chest xrays and ct scans they cannot find anything wrong but i don't think they are really digging deep to find out what's wrong with me my vision is blurry i am constantly cold and shaking i feel week i have a few places in my joints that just started hurting. i feel like i am going to pass out alot
soreness in both my thighs and knees
stage  sarcomatoid carcinoma  tumors in liver what are best options for treatment?
i have alternating irritated and bloodshot eyes?
rotator cuff injury i believe that is what i have. i have been suffering from left shoulder pain for a while and it is gotten to the point that if i move my arm a certain way it feels like a knife is going through it i cannot lie on it but for a few minuets and then im in pain i can move my arm forward with very limited pain but any other direction i cannot without sever pain does this sound like a rotator cuff tear?
i can't get rid of scabies. is there a new medicine for scabies?
how accurate are blood pregnancy tests? . had the test done oct.  and it showed negative. my period followed quickly the next day. since their were  weeks in october my next period began october . my hpt now showed positive on dec. . is it possible to be further along than what i really am now?
my pregnancy tests are negative but my belly is getting bigger?
are we eligible for subsidies if we pay our health insurance premiums through an employer? . or do we have to sign up in the exchanges? if so how do we apply for subsidies?
could my -/ month old's stuffy nose be caused by a cold or allergies?
my  yr old drank about / cup of spoiled milk. is this a cause for concern?
blurred vision dizziness nausea hot blushes and pounding heart.?
what is the surgical treatment for prostate cancer?
weird rash over body. i got a really itchy sensation all over my body mostly my stomach inner thighs under butt cheeks calfs inner wrists and arms (mostly all). when i scratch i dont feel no bumps sometimes i do get very small bumps when i do scratch a lot. i noticed my sister also has it. what could it be?
what foods and/or supplements and vitamins can help improve the thickness and condition of your hair?
i have on going dull knee pains for over two years?
i had one of my ovaries removed could i be infertile?
why do i feel sick after eating bananas? . it does not happen every single time but fairly often after eating a banana i feel nauseous and sometimes vomit.
can you use rubbing alcohol to dry out fluid in the ear
can a girl get cramps before she even begins having periods?
"what is your take on cervical fusion of -- for trauma related fracture at . scheduled for cervical fusion at -- for trauma related fracture of  on a  y/o man involved in a dirt bike accident. ct scan revealed unilateral fracture over the facet of  and anterior cervical non-instrumented fusion at - for ""bone spurs"". . cervical ct scan and ct angio reveals unilateral minimally displaced fracture of the right lateral mass of  without significant displacement. there is severe cervical stenosis at - - and - and - disk herniation"
is surgery the only way to get rid of stretch marks?
i have the flu over and over again. its been  years?
does rapid swinging cause brain damage in infants? . i am not talking about shaking a baby but talking about abrupt swinging. my concern is that although the infant laughs and enjoys the swinging the rapid motion causes the brain to hit against the skull!
 weeks pregnant ive got reddish ring circles
is naproxen sodium the same as aspirin?
what are osteoporosis risk factors and causes?
i have suffered from random intermittent neuropathic pain is it early symtoms of multiple sclerosis (ms)?
what are the symptoms of acne vulgaris?
chlamydia testing procedure. a couple years ago i found out that i had chlamydia. the test for this was a swab of some sort to my urethra. i took medication after this and all was well. an old girlfriend of mine called me and she said she found out she had chlamydia. so i went to the doctor today to get tested again and this time they took blood from my arm and swabbed my throat. i get the throat swab but as for the blood test is that a legitimate alternative to the urethra swab? are they legitimately interchangeable?
what kind of food can i eat after a vires. three people in my home had a verse  hour stomach. now two days has pass. what can we eat?
my penis is itching from a yeast infection. what can i do? . so i've now got a yeast infection (thanks a lot! ) i'm treating it but the itchiness is driving me crazy. got anything that really works for itching so i'm not walking around with my hand on my crotch all day?
small red whelp like bumps and red dots appear on penis after unpretected sex and the next intercourse it itches? . in a relationship with the same girl for over a year now. first  to  months never used a condom as she is on bc and never had a single issue but the last  months every time we have unprotected sex my penis gets irritated with red whelps and bumps. then the next sessions it feels like i am scratching an itch and i climax quickly. days after it will dry up and disappear. tried using a condom for a month and when we stopped it happened again. she has absolutely no symptoms or signs at all.
what can i do to take off the wrinkles on my feet?
why do i hit myself in the head when angry (usually until i see stars or ears ring) and how can i stop? . when i get very angry (either with myself things around me people around me just about anything in general) i will hit myself in the sides of the head and will keep hitting myself until i see stars or my ears start ringing at that point i usually feel a pretty good release and will stop hitting myself but usually am still mad at myself for doing such. obviously i know this is going to do massive damage to myself in the long run i've been doing this at least  years. as long as i remember
i have pollen allergy on my skin began to appear purple linear changes?
why is my semen curdled? . i have been noticing lately that when i ejaculate my semen comes out in curdles; in other words it looks like under-cooked egg white. this is really weird to me as i would imagine semen to be liquid or at least of a thick liquidy-ish consistency. i am worried if i may have any health issues since i do not recall me having this before. i exercise  times a week cycle everyday and drink moderate amounts of alcohol no smoking.
what is a hernia?
my  year old grandson has a good strong stream of urine but it goes sideways. will he grow out of this? doc required? . he has been potty trained for about  months. he never has accidents has a strong stream of urine but the stream goes sideways. he holds his penis in a position to avoid urinating on the wall or over the side of the commode. does not seem to have any pain at all with this. is this serious or will he grow out of this and his  adjust as he grows.
what are the statistics on teen pregnancy?
my daughter sprayed bug spray near my bedroom. that night i woke up unable to breathe. why did that happen?
i had a knee arthroscopy  months ago for two meniscus tears in my left knee?
i have been on birth control pill for  year and now i want to stop to get pregnant. how long does it usually take? . i have been on the pill for just under a year now. my husband and i want to start trying for a baby. how long does it usually take to get pregnant after stopping the pill? for it to be out of your system?
what causes prostatitis?
high sex drive tubal done  years ago just got done with a lighter then normal cycle and have morning sickness  days. im  have  kids some breast tenderness and what can be best described as morning sickness  days this past week. just finished a lighter then normal period and had a tubal almost  years ago. hubby and i have sex almost nightly is it possible to be pregnant
i have a lump at the bottom of my spine?
gastic bypass help. can you shrink your stomach back after stretching it out? . ive had gastric bypass a few years ago. i've done extremely well with it. but this year i've struggled a lot with excerise and eating healthy. some things were out of my control and some things were in my control as far as staying on track. . my concern is i have gained almost  lbs back in the last . if my stomach stretched out do to this weight gain csn it be reshrunk? . my goal is to get back on track asap. what can i do to make my stomach shrink back down.
i have lordosis of back spine need second opinion?
does the new insurance cover psychotherapy and diagnosis for asperger's syndrome? . i am currently a female individual health net ppo member in san mateo county of ca and must pay out of pocket $.  per session for my therapy. health net ppo will not start to cover my expenses until i have paid a $.  deductible for the calendar year. since i am currently unemployed this places a financial hardship on me. please advise. thank you.
my menstrual cycle has lasted for  months and still going. i also have large blood clots. my period has always kinda off wack. it usually last for  to  days but this time ive been bleeding for + months wit many blood clots and there very large. i had a touch of cervical cancer and they scraped my uterus. i had  kids and had my tubes tied and cut and burned. so what should i do?
does atripla cure hiv- or aids?
my husband has low testosterone levels. will otc meds help?
i had a tubal in . i am currently  years old. my period is  weeks late. should i be concerned about pregnancy? . my period has been regular for the last  years.
what type of doctor treats genital warts. male
i'm thirteen years old and whenever i run or even walk my heels hurts. it is a sharp pain and consistant. what's wrong? . i have had pain in my heels for about  years. it has been better at times and then got worse at times. it is a sharp pain that sometimes lasts for an hour or more during and after exercise.
what happens if you cut off a cancerous mole yourself?
how can i feel better emotionally about my psoriatic arthritis?
dr accidentally gave our  mo old a double dose of varicella. should we be concerned?
when your  and pregnant are the symptoms of pregnancy the same as always?
can you have a healthy pregnancy after having a d and c and a possible miscarriage? . i had a d and c in decmber  and my husband and i have been trying & i recently took an at home pregnancy test & it should positive but i then went to the emergency room because i had heavy bleeding & they told me at the hospital that i was not pregnant. i'm confused & i have a appointment with my doctor on wednesday but would like my question answered before then to help put me at ease.
if i remove my testicles will my testosterone production cease?
please help me through ayurveda to clear acne.
should i change my diet because of ulcerative colitis?
i have been taking  extra strength excedrin ( of acetaminophen and  aspirin) every day for a few years. i have been taking  extra strength excedrin ( of acetaminophen and  aspirin each) every day for a few years; i also drink about  glasses of red wine a day. . i am concerned that i may have done damage to my liver - i just recently noticed the warnings on the bottle. i do not have any symptoms of liver damage (not nauseous tired fatigued weak; i have a regular appetite etc. ). i won't be taking excedrin or tylenol again of course but do you think i am ok? .
what can i do at home for nausea or vomiting?
i am . can i drink ensure gold choclate flavoured? . i started to drink it from yesterday.
havent got my period in  weeks what may be wrong? . last month i got my period on he  i had sex a couple of times during the time after and before my next period. we always checked if condom did not have a rip and he will also always pull out before he cummed. my new period cycle came and i did no get my period on the  it is now the   weeks late on my period. i am very scared i donnt know what it could be. i dont know if its because i had cough for about  weeks. ive felt very little cramps but then hey go away i really need help
is it okay if i give my -year-old alka-seltzer plus night-time cold for his sore throat body aches and hoarse cough?
how do i get my questions public
i love to go skiing. but how do it treat chapped and dry skin?
am i pregnant? . i am  and i have had these symptoms the boy possibly cumed in me but i dont know for sure. missed  periods and cramping bloating breast tenderness tired often nausea lower abdomen cramps odd food cravings gums bleeding more when brushing teeth and a few others.
my father is suffering from grade  fibrosis with cirrhosis suffering nausea and vomiting.
when is thyroidectomy the answer. . after  years of unregulated thyroid counts when would a thyroidectomy be the best alternative. tired of constant mood swings lethargy being angry all the time. it's time for some results. forgot to mention i have hashimoto's disease.
can taking hydrocodone cause sleeplessness? . my husband's pain meds were changed from ultraset to hydrocodone and in less than  months he has been unable to sleep and it's getting worse. he is taking  meds for colestrol hb pressure  meds for prostate and aspirin daily. he is   mild heart attack  years ago required  stint and has severe arthritis with severe back pain. the dr. has tried him on  sleep medicines and now put him on zolpidem and none are working. could the hydrocodone be causing him not to sleep.
what causes bacterial vaginosis to reoccur? . i had a hysterectomy in  and i keep having reoccurring bacterial vaginosis even when i am not sexually active. what causes that and what can i do for it?
"why when i cough does my head feel like it's being crushed? . runny nose sore throat fatigue. little ease from lozenges or ""cold meds""  week."
does synthroid cause your stools to be black
are there other risks to ulcerative colitis?
i am in my mid-twenties and masturbate four times a week. could this cause the dripping that occurs after i urinate?
i am suffering from a sound in my mind or my left ear it's like a ringing bell trntrntrnttrntrn! is that really migraine. for me the cause is from exessive work on computer but i have also a childhood problem in my left ear i hear / but when i press on my left side of the neck or below my left ear i hear like popping air in my ear. by the way i have a zigzag transparent line alltime in my left eye. i also have depression and anxiety.
i have chronic pain on the left side of my back that spreads to the left side of my stomach?
"can i get pregnant from my step brothers razor? . i started my period on dec  & a week after i went to take a shower after my older bro i was going to shave""down there""but i used his razor instead of mine i didn't know until after and when i looked at it & had clear gooey stuff in the razor holes at the top then in jan i missed my period(irregular periods)but i only got discharge here are my symptoms so far:. -dizziness. -tiredness. -mood swings. -eating alot. -my stomach hard-my belly button is become a innie(was an outtyinny). -back pains. -stomach pains"
why am i always thirsty?
is herpes zoster dangerous?
i had an acute ebv antibody test done can i rule out the very rare fatal disease scaebv?
can a woman with untreated bacterial vaginosis gets chlamydia or gonorrhea even with one and clean sexual partner?
being in the sun makes me feel feverish i'm fair skinned but light brown hair very dark eyes  yrs old for years. it doesn't have to be hot outside usually when i'm in the sun i don't notice it but by the end of the day or the next i'm really feeling feverish and flu like. so very tired. i do know my vitamin d is low between -. . . . i always make sure to wear sun screen hat clothes that are loose and cool letting in the breeze. doesn't seem to make any difference
i need a ct scan how urgent is it?
i have recently been declared disabled i have not slept over  or  hours at night doc says no lorazapm?
what is bun-creatinine ratio?
will exercising the vaginal muscles make my vagina tighter?
can swelling be associated with fibromyalgia?
can any foods help stimulate collagen development for my skin?
if your kid is allergic to bug bites should they go to the er if the swelling doesn't go down with benadryl?
is adhd a chronic condition meaning medication will always be necessary? . an . old boy in my family has been taking medication for adhd for over  years. i'm aware that a usual side effect of his medication is loss of appetite which he experiences. in a group of boys his age playing baseball he is one of the smallest boys. are there alternative medications/treatments that would improve his appetite and possibly allow him to reach a more normal height/weight? i'm concerned this height/weight difference is beginning to cause or will cause self-image issues.
are the active ingredients in metoprolol tartrate  mg the same ingredients in toprol xl?
im swollen through the stomach neck and face. i have no energy like i used to?
my  yr. old son wants a nintendo . i have heard that the  games are not good for children's eyes. is that true?
i'm  having periods every  weeks is this the start of menopause? . i am  years old and having a period every  weeks some times the flow is so heavy that i change pads every - hours. could this be the start of menopause?
can hugging kissing or making out with a guy with clothes on lead to pregnancy?
i am a veteran who has beta thalassemia minor and asthma while in deployment in afghanistan?
i have excessive vaginal discharge white and thick and odor is bad getting worse?
i have a rash under my armpit what kind of treatment should i use? a group of  red bumps slightly raised and itchy. just really trying to figure out how i can start the healing process and get them to go away. thanks!
i'm tired all the time but i'm getting  hours of sleep every night? . i'm not anemic. i don't have low blood pressure. i go to sleep at midnight and wake up at  but i don't want to get up and could sleep until noon. no amount of sleep seems to make it better. i yawn constantly. i drink coffee every day. i am on depression meds ( mg fluoxetine). i'm so sick of this.
can you identify this strange blister? . what is a small blister-like flat bubble on my shoulder that causes no pain and no itchiness? it may have gone down a bit during the three weeks it has been there. no spreading and no additional blisters found. first i have ever noticed in my  years.
how effective are foam and male condoms in preventing pregnancy?
does anal sex worsen symptoms of diverticulitis?
why is yogurt so good for me?
suffering from staph (staphylococcus) aureus how do i get cured from this deadly infection?
should i be worried if my  yr old has possibly swallowed a coin? or is his gi tract large enough for it to just pass?
is there aspirin in gabapentin or lyrica?
i have pain stiffnes and weakness in hands and fingers. x-ray did not show inflamationn or degnerative arthritis. i am  yr old female. my hands and all fingers are very stiff all the time and very painfull when not in use. if i do not keep them moving they become very stiff in a few minutes. i have been taking celebrex which helps but i want to know what is wrong with them. i had carpel tunnel surgery  years ago in my left hand and  yrs ago in my right. . x-ray taken  weeks ago states no inflammatory or degenerative arthritis. will arthritis always show on x-ray? what is my next step?
bone tuberculosis (tb) diagnosis cannot be confirmed do we opt for surgery or tb medication?
how is hypothyroidism treated?
hi. i've taken several pregnancy test all were negative and i was wondering could i be pregnant i've missed  periods. didn't have full intercourse my husband only penetrated about halfway before we changed our minds. since then i've missed  periods and taken multiple pregnancy tests but they're all negative and i still have pms
how do i know if im giving my child the correct dosage of acetaminophen?
how can i prevent high blood pressure?
i am out narcotic pain medication what next?
my husband and i have been trying to get pregnant and i out of nowhere started a period could i be miscarrying? . i have been having to do fertility treatments since november due to not ovulating and the treatments worked for the first time this month and i was given an hcg shot and i actually was able to ovulate. i haven't had a period without medical help for a while now and all of a sudden yesterday i start a period and it is black more clotting than normal and very heavy. for a little over a week now i have been having small cramps and feeling sick today i woke up vomiting could i be miscarrying?
husband  stage iv lung cancer mastasies to both lungs neck  tumors in brain. % of survival with radiation and chemo? . he has had radiation to the brain and now  treatments of chemo. his cancer has spread to both lungs a tumor in his shoulder and  in the brain. he wants to know what % of men his age survive after the chemo and what will his quality of life be. he is . it has definitely affected his memory associative capabilities and hand writing abilities. his cancer is diagnosed as metastatic adenocarcinoma to the lung and brain.
what are the causes or risk factors for emphysema?
my mother has alzheimers disease. she has slept well at night but now she is sleeping during the day. why? . today december   my  y/o mother (w/ alzheimer's disease)refused to get out of bed (: a. m. ). she told me she wanted to sleep a bit more. this was three hours ago. she is still in bed asleep. i am checking to make sure she is breathing every  minutes. shall i let her sleep? wake her up? thanks for your help!
can i take pravastatin lisinopril singulair fish oil calcium and vitamin d all together?
what are the early signsof necrotizing fasciitis and streptococcal toxic shock syndrome?
is it necessary to see a doctor if you think you broke a toe? . i got really drunk one night and the next morning i woke up to a severely swollen and bruised toe. i cannot bend it and it hurts off and on. is it necessary to have a doctor look at it or can i let it heal on it's own?
im  weeks pregnant. yesterday i started spotting after having sex. its lightened up alot and i think i can still feel. the baby moving but that could be hopeful thinking. i have pco and the women in my family tend to be rh negative. there are alot of factors against this baby ever having made it this far. if the bleeding stops and doesnt start again. is there a chance my baby will make it? i have no outward cramps or pain. normal growing irritations down there but nothing i havent been experiencing before this. please give it to me straight should i run to the er or am i ok?
i exercise with a stationary bicycle. i have been chaffed in the groin area. how do i protect my groin from this?
is it normal to have brusing in the wrist and numbness is the thumb after a wrist laceration with  stitches?
am i pregnant. my periods came on  june then i missed in july we had unprotected sex  and  august and my periods shown on  august. now my due date was  september but its  today and my periods didn't shown yet am i pregnant
can you get oral herpes by kissing someone who has it if you already have genital herpes? . my boyfriend got a cold sore an hour after we had sex. i already have  but never had oral herpes - can i get genital  or oral  by kissing him? thank you.
i'm  been on trt for a bit which just replaces t. is there anything i can do to get my body to produce its own t? . been on testosterone replacement treatment for a few months.  months of gel and just started injections.
i have had  rotator surgeries on right shoulder and  on left. both are causing pain again? . after  surgeries on right shoulder will dr do another or shoulder replacement?
how much do nuts help lower cholesterol?
is it possible to get thrush in ear. my granddaughter has been told she may have thrush in her ear and the ent is going to use the purple liquid on her next visit. is this even possible and how would she have gotten it?
my  friends also underwent through lasik procedures but i am afraid about any side effects. can anyone guide me about the possible risks. thanks
my mother in law has been ill for a month today. feeling very tired. loss of appetite?
can sharing a hair brush or comb transfer eczema from one person to another?
i have hsv- gential. my new bf gave me oral. how do i tell him i have herpes now? im afriad he would reject me.
how do i sign up for obamacare?
i am  years old and pregnant. my mammogran showed that i have two cysts. should i be concern about breast feeding?
can kidney stones store hydromorphone. drug test shows positive for hydromorphone. the last time i had hydromorphone was about  months ago for my kidney stones.
what can i do to prevent perimenopause weight gain. i've been working out at the gym for over a year now and i've been watching what i eat (weight watchers at home) and i'm still struggling to loose weight and its been frustrating what am i doing wrong?
cat has a cold what meds will help. what can you give a cat for a bad cold?
my period was to be last may  but untill now i havent had for this month i take p. test but its negative. am i pregnant? . my period for the month of april was  to  and i have sex contact on april  and may . until now i havent had my period for the month of may. i take pregnancy test yesterday and its negative. could i be pregnant?
i developed pneumonia wheezing doctors dont know what is wrong?
im having lower back pains and im having pains in my pelvic area and i am leaking urine for no reason. . i have to use the restroom about every hour. i feel sick every time i wake up. i have no idea whats going on. i have never had a kid before. i dont know what kind of doctor i need to see!
my children have got measles?
my bf rubbed his penis to my vagina n i got an orgasm but we were wearing clothes. any chances of me getting pregnant? . my bf rubbed his penis to my vagina and i got an orgasm but we were wearing clothes are there any chances of me getting pregnant cause i have missed my periods
i used ultra chloraseptic spray on my  year old daughter?
i get frequent anterior shoulder dislocations will the situation get worse?
how much of an impact does vitamin d have on ovarian cancer?
i get frequent anterior shoulder dislocations will the situation get worse?
experiencing right sided facial palsy for the  time in  months?
is their a conflict of smoking marijuana while on bactrim ds?
about  days after being raped my gums started to swell do i have herpes?
how to lose weight with little mobility? . i have constant severe knee hip and back pain. i use to be very active but for the past year the pain is just too much to handle. i keep gaining weight and i've tried dieting but i can't exercise without doubling over in excruciating pain it drives me crazy that i can't exercise like i use to anymore. i have gained appx.  in the last year. how can i get back in shape without crying every time i walk  feet? . i am  ' by the way.
are pimple like bumps around an area of eczema common in a bad flare up? . my daughter developed a rash around an area she has eczema located in the bend of her arm (inner elbow). its reddened with pimple like bumps. it seems to have spread a little bit up and down her arm from the bend. she has no rash on the rest of her body at all or any other areas of eczema. is this a common issue with a bad flare up? it is very itchy for her.
i had  previous discectomy operations i am currently in severe pain in my lower back?
what is a migraine headache?
"i was wanting to know if you could tell me if its possible for a woman to go through all their pregnancy without knowing they are pregnant and have periods and ngative pregnancy tests? iwas watching the show called ""i didnt know i was pregnant"" and wanted to know how real and accurate this show is and how somthing like that could happen?"
can arthritis spread? . i was diagnosed with having arthritis in my lower back at the same time i was beginning to have symptoms in the middle of my back and now on the top of my back. i was wondering if the arthritis is spreading through my back? the symptoms are all the same and now it is affecting my whole back.
the doctor diagnosed me with epididymitis and prescribed me with a course of doxycycline for  days?
im  weeks pregnant and have just discovered i have thread worm i cant take any medication as not recommended?
how well do condoms prevent stds?
pain shoots up my back with constipation is it endometriosis?
what if i dont have time to exercise  minutes a day?
what can i do to relieve burning eyes from a welding burn? . i think i burned my eyes while welding today. it is very painful especially when i close my eyes.
my husband and i had sex in a pool yesterday i am  weeks pregnant and now i am spotting and cramping. is this normal?
can prostate cancer be transmitted through intercourse
i have fibromyalgia and i have flare ups all the time?
what causes bleeding in the first trimester of pregnancy?
i may have allergic contact derm on my face from years of facial products.
i just got the results from my recent pap. results came back as atypical squamous cells positive for hpv. . hx.  old haven't had pap since  due to pregnancies. never had abnormal cells on pap. been with husband for  years. could i have had hpv all this time or should i question his fidelity? i was tested for all stds when we became sexually active. what are the chances of cervical cancer since it's been  yrs since my last pap? since my recent child () i've experienced heavier bleeding as well. thank you!
i get very paranoid about allergies and death please help?
what if i change my mind about birth control and want to become pregnant after placement of mirena?
i may have henoch schonlein purpura need confirmation and advice?
what's the best way to relieve the pain of a bee or wasp sting?
my lymph nodes under my arm are swollen. pain level . went to er no solution need advice?
im on triquilar for  months and ive been having unprotected sex with my fiancé and we're both healthy. everyone said that triquilar ed causes loss of libido but its been burning me down there after sex everytime. is it part of loss of libido. is it cause of the pill? should i change it? . thanks
violent spasms in my head when going to sleep
is it safe to paint while pregnant? . we just bought a house and there is tons of painting to be done. can i help my husband paint? i planned to wear a mask but wanted to make sure it was safe.
"how do i lower my hemoglobin  () from .  if my diet and lifestyle is already healthy? . i am a -year-old white man who does not have diabetes. . . . i get - hours of exercise a week -- hiking biking yoga pilates and weights. . . . i am not overweight -- i have a slim muscular physique -- i am '. "" and  pounds. . . . my diet is good - no alcohol no processed foods no added sugar. my diet consists almost entirely of fish chicken vegetables fruits nuts berries seeds and whole grains."
if after a boil drains & then gets red & infected does it give off an offensive odor?
it it typical for knee pain and swelling to be associated with strep throat?
took / of advil this morning for pain. is it ok to take my lisinopril  tonight.
i am  and my height is just  cm. help! . when i visited my the doc when i was  after getting all the hormones checked she suggested that i could go for hgh injections but i didn't go with that because it was costly an i believed that i still had time to grow. now i'm  and my height is  cm. do you think i could still go for that treatment since it was more than  years ago? will it be effective now?
round lumps in the palm of hand under the skin. it is not hand foot mouth desease there is no rash on the skin
im only a week late on my period when should i take a home pregnancy test? . period was due around the . i took hpt on the   and  all negative. i cannot afford a blood test. when should i try another hpt?
is it sop for a gastroenterologist to order a colonoscopy for hemorrhoids without doing a physical exam on first visit?
sudden red tender painful and peeling skin around nose and upper lip. this is the only place it occurs on my body. . this issue occurs mostly around the center and right side of my face. i thought it might have been skin dryness because it's flaky as well; however as soon as the lotion touched my skin an intense burning came. the only thing that hasn't irritated the sensitive area more is warm water when i shower and i have not had previous allergic reactions to anything.
i have intramural fibroid   cm renal function ok. what could be the cause?
what is hardening of the arteries?
my tongue mouth and back of throat are dry doctors and ent dont know why?
i have a six year old who has peach fuzz on her upper lip but because she has dark hair it is visible to her and. she is becoming very self conscious of it. . please advice on the best way to handle this for her self esteem and also to let her know i support her concerns around this matter. i have been told that shaving or creams can lead to more hair growth thicker or wiskers. thank you
is it ok to take plavix with zantac?
i got sick after going to my doctor she gave me  antibiotics flustat adco cyclizine for my ears and pain tablets?
is it normal for a  year old female to have migraine/tension headaches daily?
i am a  year old active femal wth osteopenia i take  mg of risedronate weekly. how much calcium and d do i need? . please give daily total of what i should ensure i get in both food and supplements.
if someone is allergic to formaldehyde where can i find a list of products that do not have it?
excessive face and head sweating
i heard that giving birth control pills to my neutered male cat may help stop the constant spraying all over my house. is there any truth to this and if so how will it affect his personality?
had the essure done  yrs ago im late what are my chances of pregnancy and it being healthy
why do fevers tend to spike the highest at night? is there a scientific reason why?
im  weeks pregnant and turned off by my husband. recently the smell of my husband repulses me. will this go away? . before the pregnancy i was barely able to smell but now with the pregnancy i can smell everything.
can i take sleeping pills while pregnant?
my daughter takes citalopram hydrobromide tab  mg and seroquel tab  mg. which is for indicated for sleeplessness?
how many weeks before an etoptic pregnancy in the fallopion tube becomes dangerous to the mother
who pays most for junk cars? . krot bil pris skrotpræmie danmark vi udbetaler højeste skrotpræmie for din skrotdin bil vi betaler kontant for skrot bil og dækker hele landet biler. <link>
how long do subconjunctival hemmorhages normally last before they clear up?
i was exposed to someone during an outdoor run who has shinggles. can i catch it. i ran a few miles with a friend this weekend who found out she has shingles. i have never had chicken pox and i'm nervous that i could get it. we were around eachother for about  minutes outside. is it likely that i wont catch it?
if i already get keloids wil i get one from an ear piercing? . i am an  year old african male who wants to get his ears pierced. however i have several decent sized although fading on various parts of my body. i want to know if i'll get a nasty. bubbly scar on my ears before i get them pierced. can anyone help me?
"can you get bleeding heavier than spotting when pregnant around the time of your supposed period? . i know spotting can sometimes happen during implantation which usually occurs around the same time as the expected period but can that bleeding be heavier than just spotting and still be a viable pregnancy? i had last month's ""period"" lasting  days light flow but more than just spotting after having unprotected intercourse. this month's period is now  days late. also due to personal circumstances i used an ovulation kit during this current month which only returned negative results."
how do i take ibu?
what to do for back soreness?
my daughter keeps loosing weight and she is not trying to she feels sick when she tries to eat
what causes cystic fibrosis?
when does growing pain start in little boys
i am full time college student want to lose some weight been having anxiety attacks. is it still okay to exercise? . when i told my parents about it my mom asked me if i am getting enough air through my ribs. i did not know. . . the best discriptions to descripe what i was feeling is that it felt like my ribs are crushing in me. . . i am way over weight and want to have a better lifestyle and start exercising. . i am wondering if it would be okay to exercise consider my past with anxiety attacks. . . my record of anxiety attacks counts as  or  from august to december
will flu symptoms be less severe after getting a flu vacciene even though the strain that broke out wasn't covered? . it seems rampant in south texas. my entire family got the flu vaccine late  and despite that my youngest got the flu. i understand that the vaccine only covers up to  strains and that the strain that broke out wasn't included. . i'm just curious then if the vaccine affords us any coverage at all. thank you . philip
"why is caffeine considered a ""drug"" during pregnancy?"
my daughter is having pvcs and palpatations. . she is an  year old female in college who is  '  and weighs  pounds. what can cause this sudden onset? she had a stress test yesterday and her resting heart rate was  and higher.
is oxybutynin in the family with diazepam?
mammogram indicates a benign breast lump but now other lumps have appeared?
i have migraine with aura/epilepsy and osteoma ostitis now have vision problems and numbness?
what are the medical risks and emotional realities of teen pregnancy?
what should i expect might happen after having a cervical biopsy? . . i had a cervical biopsy done four days ago (). i waited for four days() like the doctor told me to before having sex. mid way thru i started bleeding. should i be worried?
i have a colonosopy scheduled tomorrow. today i took  ibuprofen for a migraine. will this affect the procedure?
can i take pyridium while taking cipro. can i take pyridium while on cipro for a bacterial infection. i also am taking aveno sitz baths.
are biopsies done during cancer screening colonoscopy for suspected diverticulitis? . family history of colon cancer. i've had polyps removed previously.
is sperm still alive after  hours and it was dry? . i put on my bfs boxers when i got up from bed from previous night. i made him come and he did it in his boxers. i didn't think anything of it. should i be worried about getting pregnant? as soon as i remember i took the boxer off and checked. it was completely dry.
could psoriatic arthritis be a more systemic problem leading to multiple seemingly separate problems to include pacs prostate/urologic and multiple areas of tendonitis without strain or injury?
i am taking birth control pills and am taking penicillin for an infection. can i take ibuprofen or acetaminophen?
can an asthma attack be triggered by traveling from high altitude to a low altitude destination? . my  year old son traveled with his father from colorado to north carolina for a vacation. he has a history of mild asthma with only one previous attack a year ago accompanied by a cold. he did not have any symptoms of a cold when he left and no trouble breathing.  minutes after arriving in north carolina he had a severe asthma attack and was treated by airport paramedics with two albuteral nebulizer treatments. could this be caused by going from one climate to another?
should i take a plan b pill? . i had sex  days ago and i take my birth control pills every day at the same time: at . however today i forgot my to take my pill until :. should i buy a plan b pill to prevent pregnancy? i'm also suppose to start any day now too. if you could give me your honest advice i would greatly appreciate it.
i have low blood pressure low heart rate tired and lack energy is it normal?
how early can i test to see if i am pregnant before missed period? . the condom broke i am on birth control just concerned seeing as if i did become pregnant it would harm the baby if i was still taking birth control.
does it matter what time of day a person works out to promote the most weight loss? . i usually work out  min. before breakfast but wonder if i should do this before dinner since that is my largest meal to help rev up my metabolism to better promote weight loss. i don't see much weight loss now with my current regimen.
"is the proper treatment of recurring ingrown toenails to surgically ""burn"" the roots to prevent future ingrown toenails. my son has recurring ingrown toenails on his large toe. the podiatrist removed part of the nail but suggested surgically ""burning"". the roots to prevent future ingrown toenails. is this the proper treatment?"
my son is unable to express himself saw orthophonist and ear nose and throat (ent otolaryngology) doctor to no avail?
can  levels of  or  mmhg during respiratory failure cause some form of brain damage like permanent short term memory loss?
may have something similar to hemorrhoids but i'm not sure? need help and advice. i'm  years old and after going to the toilet i've always felt a lump after i've wiped. . it's never caused me pain or discomfort. but it's always been something i have been curious about. it usually. disappears after i stand up. is this a hemorrhoid? if it is. can you still have anal sex? . (i'm still a virgin). . or is there a treatment for my specific case. i've heard increasing fibre and using banana skins on the affected area could help. any advice would be helpful please and thank you.
can you get an infection from a superfical dog scratch? . the scratch didn't bleed and it was cleaned with hydrogen peroxide and applied neosporin after.
i have been diagnosed with barrets esophagus and severe acid reflux are ppis safe for me?
in which patient populations is antibiotic resistance the greatest?
doctor says i should remove my gallbladder need second opinion?
could my vitamins be making my heartburn or gerd worse?
how much should i weigh?
what is the defferance betweeb xanax and prozac? . if you are taking xanax for anxiety can you can prozac for it also? which is used for depression?
is it safe to have sex with my husband on my period? . my period is always on ever since i got my birth control and its hard for my husband and i to do anything. i try having sex with him once while on m y period but got lots of cloths after. i didn't know if it was ok and if it was normal?
i have full body burning vibrating tingling numbness all over?
left ear pain. i had left ear pain since last week and just one day back when the ear was hurting very badly i kept ear bud into the ear. then when iam inserting i found a stone type material from my ear. what it is actually? it just look like a stone in the size of . is there any problem with that.
diagnosed with uti hiv positive hiv negative  years of anxiety whats wrong with me?
what increases a man's risk of infertility?
i have pain when i urinate and blood in urine?
memory blurred forgetfulness fatigued low self exteem exhaustion loss of balance independent overweight paranoid. i have  year old daughter who is extremely negative. doesn't care what she looks like. it is so embarrassing. . she doesn't trust anyone and no one is going to tell her what to do! . she always has a cigarette and a can of coke in her hands. says she never eats anything but is extremely overweight huge stomach. i am so worried and we think she has a serious problem. we love our daughter but feel she is slipping away. please give us some advice? we are walking on egg shells with her.
a suntan makes me look good but everyone says tanning is bad for you. im in my  and don't have wrinkles so why not?
what are causes of hair loss?
genital herpes can it spread from drinking from other people drinking cups
what are the common uses of sodium chloride calicum chloride and ammonia chloride?
i am a  yo female. i have zero income due to a job lay off. i live in georgia. how do i find insurance? . my  year old daughter is on m'caid. i applied but was told i wasn't old enough.
 month old female has clay colored stools is it a liver problem?
i had a hemorrhoidectomy in june do i need another one?
what is high blood pressure (hypertension)?
can cured small penis problem of my son? . my son is  year old (b. d. //). last year he cured from chordee penis problem by surgery. but his penis size is small. i have done testosterone test and lever is . . there is need of any testosterone treatment? there is any problem like infertility due to treatment.
is male masturbation beore  years harmful?
i have been feeling very depressed and it hasnt gone away?
should you use neo-poly-dex eye drops for a stye
i lost my brother to breast cancer. since having children i still get some milk out of the nipple. is this normal?
my health plan no longer covers allegra-d. what else can i take?
i have no interest in sex. don't hurt enough lubrication get along great just don't care anymore--why? . i can't understand why i'm just not interested in sex anymore. . there is absolutly no pain i still produce plenty of natural lube me and my boyfriend get along great and have no problems at all. i have good blood pressure no medical problems so why do i hate the thought of sex? we have been together for  yrs and are still in love with each other and like i said we get along great with no problems. what is my problem?
how long will the sprain hurt? it's been a week now. i was playing a sports game on the kinect and as i was landing i landed wrong and twisted my ankle really bad. i went to the docter and they said that it was a really really bad sprain. i have been on crutches for most of the week and it's still black and blue and still hurts. it is very stiff and i do not know what to do. i have followed all the directions that i was given and it is taking longer than what other sprains have done in the past. how long can the stiffness & pain and bruising last?
i've been taking lyrica twice daily for a little more than a month. it hasn't helped my fibromyalgia. does it take time?
can be pregnancy if we had anal penetration but not ejaculation? only anal penetration. mi gf has  days waiting for her period and she's stressed out thinking that a pregnancy could be possible if we only had anal penetration without semen
how can i manage swelling in my feet and legs during pregnancy?
how is viral hepatitis treated?
i have frequent miss periods. my period came for  months straight. my period is late the  month. can i be pregnant? . i never had my period  months in a row in years. i also became sexually active  months ago with my boyfriend. i always used a condom but i do not take birth control. i show nor feel no signs of pregnancy but i am stressed because of grad school. i'm also overweight and weigh  pounds.
can have a pap smear with a head cold
should i stay away from swimming pools with yeast infection?
can you get pregnant from anal sex even though you are still a virgin?
how can a complex cyst on the thyroid be diagnosed as benign just by ultra sound? . how can a complex cyst on the tyroid be diagnosed as benign by a ultra sound?
i have a lump on my outer ear that swells and is painful but after weeks the swelling will get decrease but lump stays. what could cause this or what could it be?
what are the lasting effects of upper back spasms/seized muscles? right arm and upper back still feel tight after months. my upper right side of my back seized up in early january of this year. i went to the doctor for relief. was prescribed muscle relaxers and pain medication. these helped loosen the primary incident. however to this day certain movements of my right arm will still trigger my muscles to start to tighten up. parts of my right upper chest are still very sensitive as well. what can i do to help get my muscles back to feeling like they're not a moments away from locking up again?
a cast for my fractured ankle is extremely painful on my calf. is that normal?
masturbation problem. how to stop? . hi . i am really addicted to masturbating. i have masturbated for every  days for  year now. it has gotten my self respect to the point where i might get depressed. i am religious and need to stop immediately. is it possible? are there any certain ways that can help me stop? please help asap.
itching that spread over my leg. it has been a year and has gotten worse?
why can't i gain any weight? . i am nursing an  month old but i'm not totally sure if thats the only reason i can't keep my weight over  pounds. before i got pregnant i was never this thin and i'm constantly eating.
what are male condoms made of?
does amoxicillin pills treat chlamydia? . i've been treated for chlamydia before and took azithromycin. my bf recently took amoxicillin pills a week ago. we had sex yesterday and i was wondering how likely am i to be re infected?
i had lesion in my scrotum now eyelashes fall eyebrow and hair fallitching in body mouth ulcers cold?
i have a  week old deep bruise on my calf that is red swollen and sore. do i use hot or cold on it or see a doctor?
does caffeine leach calcium from your bones?
i am  years old female who has ptsd bipolar and major depression. i also suffer from migraines anxiety and insomnia.
i have arthritis in right hand thumb. if i accidentally bend thumb at finger knuckle it sticks and hurts really bad. my hand is swollen below the thumb and hurts especially when touched. doctor said it was arthritis and prescribed ibuprophen. is there anything else i can take does anyone know of a cream to rub on?
pain in testicles lower abdomen rectum is it fatty liver?
my father constantly criticized my mother. as a child i tried hard not to be like her. how can i learn to love myself?
can you take expired penicillin that expired on //?
what causes a migraine without aura?
i fell pregnant found out it was a chemical pregnancy now having non stop hot flashes?
can i wear some type of mask to prevent me from inhaling second-hand smoke while i am pregnant? . i am  mos. pregnant and work at an office with smokers. one smokes cigarettes or e-cigarettes but outside so i rarely smell her smoke. the other smokes a pipe inside the office. both assure me that the tobacco products they use have no chemical additives and are all natural. am i still at risk from their smoke? if so will wearing a dust mask or other filter prevent me from inhaling the smoke? it is not an option for them to not smoke around me and i cannot work from a remote location.
what do i do if my college roomates foot is turning completely blue after tripping and hitting it on the table earlier? . the top of her foot slammed into the sharp edge of it breaking the skin. but not bleeding. it's hurting her slightly to walk on it.
do i count in my widow veterans benefits as well as my widow benefits from social security for healthcare or medicaid? . i receive widow social security benefits and i also receive widow veteran benefits monthly. when i applied online for healthcare i was told by the new york exchange i had to only show the social security widow benefits and not the veterans widow benefits. is this right?
what is an implantable cardioverter-defibrillator (icd)?
i was on the depo-provera shot for  to  years and been off the shot for over a year and a half. still no period. my husband and i have also tried having children and still nothing.
can having sex cause your period to start early? . i have only had sex two times and both times my period started in the middle of intercourse. my period was not scheduled to start at those times and came - weeks early. when it first starts it is extremely heavy unlike my normal cycle. it then regulates and continues as normal for the next few days. i am concerned as to why this has now happened twice and i am fearful of it happening again. any ideas on what is going on?
can you use egg whites on a burn? . i read an article that said you can use egg whites to sooth and help heal burns. like if you burn yourself with fire but not real bad. is this true?
constipation diarrhea bloating intense stomach pain?
is drinking vegetable supplements as beneficial as eating actual vegetables?
my son was born a noneater but he changed at  (now ) and now overeats. i was wondering how and why this happened.? . my son was born a nonfood enthusiast. he was always the last person to wrap up lunch in preschool and it was never done. his blood sugar was low and he weighed little. he felt sick at the sight of food. all that changed in grade  and we were all delighted that he would eat. by the end of the year though he was overweight and he overate. i thought it was a phase since he was not by nature like that; it was sudden. he is still however and i was wondering how it could suddenly change.
i underwent cardiac ablation for tachycardia i now have episodes of heart vibrating?
my daughter cries after and sometimes while eating?
what is amantadine for parkinson's disease?
why do people with menier's disease have low blood pressure?
i have a non tender left sub mandibular lymph mode swelling can it be cancerous?
i have had nose bleeds at least  times this year alonei do not have a history of nose bleeds other than hitting my nose
do eating raisins good for heart? . my dad has to take a medicine dapsone for eye. taking dapsone reduces hemoglobin. i looked for iron rich food. we are from india. what i could look for is raisins green vegetables beans and lentils. he also takes medicine for heart and hypertension. he also suffers from osteoarthritis. please tell me what should be his diet? . regards . rashmi
pinkeye. concerning the discharge. i have only the occasional 'crust' from sleeping but do have what appear to be 'strings' of a mucus like substance that forms in my lower eyelid. i frequently just touch it and pull it out. its white in color and seems to not want to go away. i had thought maybe it was from an allergen but i dont have allergies to speak of nor is this a seasonal thing. is this something i should be concerned about?
should the appendix be removed with the gall bladder? . about  to  weeks ago i was diagnosed with pancreatitis due to gall stones. an mri revealed i had  gall stones in the gall bladder. i was scheduled to have my gall bladder removed in december. during some discussions with my pcp it was decided to ask about having the appendix removed as well. the surgeon said it wasn't necessary as the appendix was in good shape. the pcp seemed to think it was sop to remove the appendix anyway. should i ask to have the appendix removed or not?
i am a  year old boy. i am having skin irritation followed by skin rashes if i start to itch it. so please help! . i have been prescribed calamine lotion and citrizine tablets which prove to be effective if taken half a tablet per day. but the effects soon wear off after a day.
i have congenital diaphragmatic eventration is himalayan trekking advisable?
how long does the zika virus stay active in the blood?
"i keep hearing about the health insurance exchanges being ""defunded. "". if you're on one of these plans what happens if it gets defunded?"
i suffer from neck and shoulder blade pain for  years now and the doctors dont know what is wrong and its getting worse?
one depo shot on nov.   next shot was due feb.  . have not had a period since january. i'm really worried is it normal? i don't think that i'm pregnant but i have taken two pregnancy tests both showed up negative. i'm always moody stressed out and cramp a lot. also i'm  years old i have been on the depo before but it made my period heavy and light for  weeks at a time if not longer afterwards it went back to normal. .
 year old son has lump pain and clear fluid(when squeezed) in the right nipple. . no burising or discolorization
what probiotic do you recommend. don't want to waste money on useless products. i live on a very limited budget and suffer from ibs. there is so much controversy over which probiotic has actual live clutures in them. would you please let me know which probiotic supplements are safe and effective. thank you!
i have some birth control pills that expired in april . are they still okay to take? they are still in package.
is it best to exercise first and then eat a full meal or eat a full meal first?
can pinworms live in your nose and sinus cavities and if so how are the irradicated?
if i wash after intercourse will the water wash the semen away? . i read that lying down on your back for half an hour after intercourse may help chances of conceiving. also i read that we must wash up and keep clean after intercourse. so then after half hour is it okay to wash vagina with a strong hand-shower? will this wash away the sperm inside as well? . also if i contract my vaginal muscles after sex will the sperm go deeper? i have a feeling my husband's penis is not penetrating deep enough.
how far apart should i take a probiotic with antibiotic? i'm taking clindamycin  x day for a sinus infection.
my boyfriend has a  deep holes formed below his tailbone <negative_smiley>. my boyfriend has a  deep holes formed below his tailbone. a long time ago he fractured his tail bone. a large inflammed area appeared last year and went away. there was still a small bump there but it went away after a while. it came back - months later. sometimes it swelled and hurt and drained. sometimes it doesn't hurt. now there is  deep holes instead of one. they are a little bigger than the size of a pin point. helppppppp
can epilepsy or a long seizure cause long term memory loss? . teenage girl experienced seizure for at least  minutes before getting to er. prior events and people in her life she struggles at best to remember? seems to be okay short term memory. she has generalized epilepsy.
i recently noticed that after i pee when i wipe there is some blood. but there isn't any blood in my underwear. i noticed this on sunday. there was a lot of blood but i finished my period a few days before hand. i don't know what's wrong this has never happened to me before. i can only see blood when i wipe. . i am not on my period.
i use cold cream to take off my eye makeup. if a little bit accidentally gets in my eyes is that harmful? . the cold cream i use is ponds cold cream. it says it can be used to remove mascara but the packaging also says that it's for external use only and to rinse your eyes thoroughly if you get it in your eyes. don't know if this means that you only need to rinse your eyes if you get a big glob of the stuff in them. or maybe it just hasn't been ophthalmologically tested. please let me know if this is safe to use without rinsing my eyes every time a trace amount of product gets in them!
i had neuroendocrine tumor evaluation is it affected by an increase in pancreatic polypeptides?
im  my period cycle is  days is it normal?
does the parasite that causes malaria live in stagnant water?
i broke my femur can hobble here and there cant put my socks on?
what would cause unequal pupil size in my child's eyes?
can you take a cold or flu going out into cold weather with out a coat or protection? . my husband refuses to wear a coat out in cold weather. he will come in says he is freezing but will go back out without a coat. i tell him he is gonna take a cold or the flu but he says no you wont take a cold or flu just from going out without a coat. whats the truth?
the inside of my ears flake and itch and are scaley. just inside a little ways not deep inside. i have had this about  months and have tried iodine peroxide and antibiotic cream and nothing seems to work to get rid of it.
i have noticed increased shedding after discontinuing birth contol. is this hair loss permanent or will it regrow? . i was on the pill for  years (yasmin and yaz). i never had an problems with either prior to this. i have been off the pill now for a month - month and a half. two months prior to discontinuing my birth control i regularly forgot/missed a pill. im not sure if thats important but i thought i should mention it.
risk of infection of cold sores. my friend had a cold sore which i didn't know. i never had a history of cold sores. i tried one mouth of his food and kissed my girlfriend afterwards. my girlfriend too does not have an history of cold sores outbreaks. . what are our chances of getting infected with the cold sore virus?
i think i have herpes discoverd a big bump then little small bumbs by my vagina?
my -yr-old has chicken pox. vaccinated at  at . then refused booster shots. will he infect his -month old sister?
what is cholesterol's relationship to heart disease?
do sanitary napkins & adult diapers cause uti's. my  yr old aunt gets frequent uti's.
can i get health insurance on a green card? . my wife and i are moving to texas shortly and will need health coverage. i am on a green card. my wife is an american but has been in australia for the last  years.
what are the chances of me getting pregnant if i had unprotected sex while on my birth control? . i have been on my birth control pills for about - months and have missed a few pills on my previous packs but have been taking my present ones accordingly. i had unprotected sex  days ago and he came in me  times that night. i took a first response pregnancy test that you can take  days before your due period and my period is due in about - days and it was negative but i am aware it less accurate. i am very very anxious and stressed about this situation so what are the chances?
can putting baby oil in your hair and/or on your scalp help repair damaged hair?
weight loss and anxity. anxiety after health scare. felt a lump in my breast and went though all the testing and everything came back fine. since while waiting for a second opinion (ocd a little) have had an overwhelming sense of anxiety. don't want to eat i do i get a sick stomach lost about  lbs in two weeks. trouble sleeping can't seem to enjoy anything. a huge fear something is wrong with me. myissues? appointment is this week and i am just wondering if this is normal anxiety related
i miss a month of my period and hve not started yet i am  yrs old and i am sexually active. i am sexually active and have ot had safe sex i am having night sweats occasionally but i dont feel sick or pregnat.
can low testosterone level cause increased frequency of urination and prostate enlargement.
what does it mean when you're not sick but you wake up cold and are asweting profusely? . you have no temperature you're just really cold and sweating.
when should a hysterectomy be performed?
will leviquin help an infected tooth?
i have not had a voice for  weeks and a sore throat and really sore neck?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of propranolol-hydrochlorothiazid?
what should i expect during week  of my pregnancy?
how can nerve pain be prevented after having shingles?
despite three medications my son has horrible allergy symptoms. are allergy drops as effective as shots?
is it okay to use a toning cream tthat contains % hydroquinone during pregnancy?
my daughter has a lump on the right side of her neck. it feels hard and is tender. if you make a circle with your thumb and pointing finger it is about that size. it is literally on the side of her neck not where i would think glands are. it is noticable without touching it. without insurance she is reluctant to go to the doctor but i'm concerned.
my labia minora are swollen with blood. daktarin doesnt work?
can alcohol consumption cause acne?
my  month old dink  / ozs of milk every  hours. is that to much?
do you think this is serious? . i am  without any past medical history except anxiety. yesterday i woke with a numb leg which still feels numb. i am able to feel other parts of the leg and the numbness is not complete. i can sense things and feel the it just feels weird. i don't have any other symptoms except that today i woke up with a cramp in leg but i don't think it is related since it has happened before. i think numbness is little eased today. i don't feel numbness unless i touch it with a hand. any thing?
do i have a yeast infection? . i have outer vaginal itching with no pain no burning and no abnormal discharge. i am in-between doctors
i currently receive dental benefits through cobra. the same insurance is available on the health exchange for less. . can i cancel cobra and purchase it on the exchange? or do i have to wait until my cobra eligibility expires in may ?
where can i find a list of insurances my dads dr takes
can you become pregnant from being fingered if the fingers have wiped off?
what should i do if i have or think i might have shingles?
scratched by cat received repetitive doses of rabipur vaccine any need for more or too many?
my seventeen year old daughters skin is burning up body aches with no fever what does this mean?
i came down with acute viral myocarditis doctors say its due to anxiety. need  opinion?
what is torticollis?
i feel a hole in the tooth after root canal treatment. should i worry about infection?
over a year ago i started experiencing fatigue heart flutters weight loss?
skinny  year old female. symptom: *lifelong* hunger and irritability esp with exercise. not diabetic. always eating! . i always feel better after i eat.
can antidepressants cause spotting?
what are normal b- levels in the blood?
if my  month old is teething what can we do to make her more comfortable?
how do i find a internal medicine doctor in cape coral fl. i am new to the area and do not know anyone. how do i find a doctor? i have private insurance and medicare.
i am suffering from depression and not getting well with ssri. please help.
should a person with shingles use a community shower such as at a campground? . the patient is an elderly man () otherwise healthy. he lives in an rv resort and uses the community shower facilities. is that a problem? should the other residents be told of his condition?
i have bad acne and am going to try accutane. i don't have health insurance. is there any way to get it cheaper?
i am a  male and i have been diagnosed with depression and anxiety am i taking the wrong meds?
i have struggled with a urinary tract infection (uti) been on antibiotics  times?
what causes hepatitis c?
what to have a baby. i  and i only have one kidney i was told it would be dangerous would it and what could happend
what causes ulcerative colitis?
do chia seeds really help with weight loss?
is it okay to take   ibuprofen with a benadryl? . this morning when i awoke my eye was really swollen and even more sore than what it was. i took a benadryl and   ibuprofen for swelling. the location of the soreness is just in one spot located directly in the lining of my eyelashes on the bottom left eye. i thought maybe it was a style but its never done this before with them. im concerned that i may have mistakenly took to much meds or mixed the wrong thing. what is best for this issue?
i woke up with back and shoulder pain that spread to my arm only my arm feels strange now should i see a doctor? . i woke up this morning with upper back and shoulder pain. i tried taking ibuprofin and using a heating pad but the pain continued and my arm began hurting as well. i took some bendryl so that i could sleep despite the pain. when i woke up i felt much better but my arm continues to feel strange- very mild pain and some tingliness. i am wondering whether i should see my doctor about this or just see what happens?
is there a coated naproxen medication to prevent stomach problems?
spleen has been crushed & you are bleeding out inside your body how is it possible pure blood comes out of your penis? . blood was coming out of my penis due to a fall where my spleen is it did not cut open my body. i was told that when they opened me up + liters of blood inside me. i'm just curious as to how that blood could manage to come out of my penis. it was only about  minutes after i fell & i was able to get up and go to the bathroom & nothing but blood came out of my penis. no one so far has been able to give me an answser as to how this could happen. thanks for any help on this vexing question.
does heart diesease qualify for disability. finding it more difficult to walk (peripheral artery disease) more difficult to concentrate slightly more difficult to remember specificy (mostly work related) topics (in information technology such as certain repairs or functions to repair). so im wondering if hd qualify one for disability? i've had it for  years  heart attacks  mini stroke in the left leg. any help appreciated.
my son who only earned $  last year is also listed on my bank account. . i arranged this when going to be out of the country. does that money go toward his income when applying for coverage? and how about any money in an ira?
how long does marijuana stay in your system. i was totally clean of marijuana and i was not offered a job i really wanted and very much needed (still need one). i know it was not smart to do but i took  puffs of a joint. how long will it take to be out of my system for a urine test? three little hits! stupid me!
arthrosis of the hip joint (coxarthrosis) are my running days over?
where can i purchase bone spur pads. for the heel
my wife accidently ingested otocin ear drops ( drops in half a glass of water). is it serious? . within  minutes though she realized the mistake and regurgitated herself to puke. . also she is  months pregnant. spoke to our doctor who says it's all good. though is it something i should be worried about?
can semen on my girlfriends stomach wash down from showering and impregnate her? . recently my girlfriend gave me a handjob and i ejaculated on her stomach. right after she went to wash it all off but now she is worried that the water could have carried it down and impregnate her. she was still wearing her underwear and she changed it afterwards but we are still worried that it could have been washed down to her vagina and swam up into it. can someone please tell me if it s possible that semen could have trickled down with water and make her pregnant? thank you.
i had fever bad cough pain and chills for a week?
how long does imodium stay in your system. due to the type of colon surgery i had i have chronic diarrhea sometimes. i was told i could take imodium prior to going out to meet friends for the day as a cautionary measure. . how long does imodium stay in your system?
what is an ultrasound as it relates to dentistry?
i had intercourse with bf think he tore something inside me bleeding im scared?
could clonazepam be causing nausea and dizziness? or is it bupropion?
does having a dream featuring hearing voices vividly qualify as a symptom of schizofrenia? . i experienced hearing voices once before but under the influence of drugs so it might have just been a bad trip. . however i just had a similar experience while in my sleep so i was wondering whether hearing voices qualifies as a prediction of an onset in schizophrenia or whether it is not comparable with hearing voices when awake. . thank you.
i'm a  yr old woman my appetite has increased very much craving things out of the ordinary. does that happen with age
what are allergy shots?
currently i have ss medicare part a (hospital) part b (medical) and aarp medicare supplement 'plan f. '. i am  and many of the insurance plans get severely changed at age . do you feel i have adequate insurance now?
does that mean i could get pregnant after a diagnosis of premature ovarian failure or pof?
i am  and was diagosed with gallstones what is the best treatment
how is the common cold spread?
could a closed head injury cause early onset dimentia years after the injury? . my x husband had a closed head injury when he was . he was in a coma for a month. he had to relearn everything. he lived normal life except short term memory loss. last few years he's been exhibiting strange and unsafe behaviors and i just found out he's been wetting and soiling his pants. could this be dementia? he's the father of my kids and i'm concerned.
will strep throat go away without medication? . i don't have insurance and can't afford the $ for an office visit the $+ for lab work etc. i have heard that strep will go away on it's own - without medication. is that true? if so how long?
"what does ""all natural"" really mean?"
i have been getting pain in the left side just below the second rib in the back?
i am   i havnt eaten for  days but drink only tea with  sugar how much harm am i putting my body and brain in
i have arthritis in my knees and my leg stay sore and feel like they are about to cramp is there anything i can take? . i take hyland leg cramp pills but they only help for an hour or so. i talked with my pcp but they have no answers can someone please help me. .
"my mother has parkinson's disease. she has been having episodes of unresponsiveness. are these related to parkinson's? . these episodes vary in their duration. she just stares and does not respond to stimuli verbal or physical. it has been suggested these are ""freezing"" episodes but i am not familiar with ""brain freezing"" associated with parkinson's. thank you for your assistance."
i had a cat scan (ct) will radiation increase my cancer risk?
daughter has pain at her side and many uti's for the past year. pelvis and kidney ultra sounds came out clean.
i had ovarian cancer and reflux surgery i still deal with constant nausea. i can barely eat and i am unable to live life and go anywhere?
i am  and trying to get pregnant for a year and a half. will clomid be effective if i have been ovulating normally? . we have a  year old daughter and had no problems conceiving her. both my husband and i were tested and our results were within normal limits.
my dermatologist prescribed me minocycline for my acne. before i take the medicine i wanted to know if it really works.
can you get an std like hiv/aids or genital herpes from anal sex toys? . both me and my partner were virgins and now we have genital herpes. my partner used a sex toy that they received from a friend that may have used it.
i have spermatocele cysts dont want to tell anyone – even my doctor?
do i need to see a fertility doctor? . i am a  year old woman who is healthy. i have no history of miscarriage in my family however there was a miscarriage with my mother-in-law. . my periods are regular  day cycles and i came off of birth control in august. . we've been trying since then and still no luck! <negative_smiley> we've had a very healthy sex life and i keep track of my fertile days. this would also be my first pregnancy. should we seek help? . we'd love a child are feeling disheartened. <negative_smiley>
will a over the counter pregnancy test show up positive for a ectopic pregnancy?
i had tummy tuck  years ago now need cholecystectomy?
once the apartment is fumigated and everything is washed what else can i do to prevent bedbugs from coming back?
my  month old has red raw skin around her neck probably from moisture - what can we put on it? vaseline a & d ? . she has been drooling we think the start of teething and try to keep her neck dry but it is very red and raw today after her nap. mostly in the creases.
will there finally be incentive for wellness and preventive health care options? . for example will health insurance coverage start kicking in for payments toward health coaching exercise programs supplements weight loss programs yoga and various holistic approaches to improving health?
my friend has a pre-existing condition and was denied coverage earlier this year. he is still waiting to get insurance. is there anything he can do now or does he have to wait until next year to get insurance?
how should someone stop taking xanax? what is the proper way so that they don't experience all of the hardcore symptoms.
i've never met a psychiatrist that seemed well-adjusted or had insight into what it's like to be depressed. why is that?
my  yr old son has a sore throat. red in the back and he screams when i touch side of neck. strep? . i cant see the hanging ball well to see if there is white spots. this sore throat has been going on for - days now. he has no fever complains of stomach aches feels like vomiting and vomited once in these days.
is it safe to use apple cider vinegar to remove moles? . i am self conscious about a mole that i have so i recently googled home remedies to use and it suggested applying apple cider vinegar to it twice a day. is it truly safe to do this procedure? or what could be the side affects?
yesterday and today i noticed small traces of brownish blood in my underwear and when i go to the bathroom. im  years old my boyfriend and we use condoms my last period was almost  weeks ago i havent experienced any pain or discomfort
i have been diagnosed with gout and since then my blood sugars are very high. why is this happening? . could it be because i am drinking black cherry concentrate instead of taking the medication that my doctor gave me?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of mapap (acetaminophen)?
my son has an under arm temp of .  at what temp do i need to rush him to the hospital? . he got this temperature late last night and the temperature has not been going down any with tylone just going up. he went to the doctor today but i have not gotten any answers.
"what is this i hear that if you elect a ""cadillac"" health insurance plan that you will be taxed?"
can eat ice caused anemia
how do you tell your parents you are pregnant if you are  and  months away from ? . i need help my mom had a baby at  and didn't want me to follow in her foot steps i don't want to disappoint her i just don't know what to do?
should a physician refuse to renew a prescription unless you are seen for a doctors appointment? . i have cardiomyopathy and have been treated by the same doctor since . recently i tried to renew one of my prescriptions and the pharmacy said they could not fill it. when i spoke to his nurse she said he would not renew my prescriptions until i go in and see him in the office. i told her i could not afford any more medical bills and could he please renew my prescriptions he refused and within a week i was admitted into the hospital for congestive heart failure.
what causes hives?
what would cause a  year old girl to skip school excessively (started this year - sophomore in hs) not turn in any work and now start shoplifting? drugs don't seem to be involved nor alcohol. parents arent married mom has custody but dad and stepmom have regular visitations. father had problems in his adolescence with school but not sure of the severity. both parents are good people for the most part they live in nice neighborhoods provide everything she needs - she has very good family units on both sides mother's especially. they've all tried bribes threats everything -and nothing is working; its only getting worse. she is moody at times but nothing considered abnormal. please help!
can i make my period late? . i'm going out of town soon & i was wondering if there was anyway i can delay my period?
my girlfriend was giving me oral and then i came in her mouth. she didn't swallow she just ran to the restroom. she told me a few days later she had went and masterbating with my cum. is it possible that she can become pregnant?
could you recommend the best skin care products for anti-aging including moisturizers?
can i take diabetes medications while pregnant?
i have sharp stinging pain in my thigh after professional massage therapy is it a nerve injury?
i'm  and my skin has changed dramatically. i have big pores and wrinkles around my forehead and eyes. what can i do?
what is a cataract?
i left an off clip on repellent on overnight with the windows open woke up with a right side headache & bloody nose. that was two days ago and the only thing still happening is the headache. i was feeling that i was getting sick before that because of right ear pain. poison control said it should not be a big problem because off has a low concentration of deet but my headache wont go away. should i wait or go to a doc asap feels like a muscular pain because it is tender to pressure and hurts more when i turn my head the pain travels down to my posterior neck muscles (right side).
my husband took a  mg imitrex for a really bad headache over three hours ago. can he also take vicodin?
on  lisinopril to get to /. vertigo when standing almost fainting. normal? . hi guys . i have high blood pressure (hbp) normally at /. taking  lisinopril to get down to /. . the problem is i get vertigo when standing. if i do it repeatedly (working on a car/motorcycle) i nearly faint. is this me getting used to the lisinopril. perhaps my body isn't used to dealing with its bp at a normal range. or is there something else going on?
i am a  year old boy slightly underweight! i need tips for good future health. i need suggestions for good health in future tips may include diet and other health related stuff
i was told i had a kidney infection i still have the pain but ultrasound says no infection?
i have yellow green pus like discharge coming out of my penis as well as leftside behind ribs aches. urination iritation. i have a few symptoms more fatigue and drowsiness never experienced this sorta thing before is it something that i should go get attention right away or. will i be ok to just ssit it out or not likely?
i had a motor nerve conduction study that according to my doctor is clean need second opinion?
if i have had multiple partners between a neg and pos test for chlamydia is it possible to i. d. whom gave it to me?
i had a serious breakup with my girlfriend. i feel lonely. what do i do?
is it ok to give tamiflu if you have not been to the doctor to confirm diagnosis?
rotator cuff injury. i have a full thickness tear of my rotator cuff seen on an mri. i also have adhesive capsulitis with possible pinched nerve in my neck. the surgeon gave me a shot of cortisone and anti inflammatory medicine into the shoulder joint. i am still having severe pain in the joint whenever i try to lift my arm over my head or behind me. will this continue to improve or will i eventually need surgery to repair the tear?
rectal examyou have cancer?
my husband woke up with pain all over pain intensity  on a scale of -
what causes false pregnancy?
i developed blisters that have grown and its getting worse day by day?
i get hard small pieces of what i think is gunk that has hardened that come out of my mouth. what is it? . sinus allergies sore throat
i've gone from a  to a  in the last year and have to get this weight off but i'm starving all the time. i take care of my mother and have to feed her my activity level has dropped drastically because i have to provide her  hr care. i used to count fat grams and that was the only successful weight loss i've ever had. i went from an  to a  (the  being my normal size) and kept the weight off for almost  years. i was going to start back on the fat grams but i'm starving all the time and can't quite seem to get back into the discipline.
are chewable supplements considered sublingual? absorbtion rate similar to a product that dissolves under the tongue? . i'm considering purchasing glutathione chewable supplement. i have heard that glutathione is best absorbed sublingually. will i achieve similar absorption with a chewable? . thanks in advance!
how is pneumonia diagnosed?
my grandma slipped on the floor yesterday her bone in her arm and hip dislocated?
i have diarrhea and there is a noticable amount of mucus what could cause this? should i be concerened? . i've had stomach cramps all day and a low grade fever (about . -. ) and i just passed diarrhea and as i wiped there was a noticeable amount of mucus. i'm not sure if this is normal while having diarrhea or not.
what are the pros and cons of artificial sweeteners?
why am i constantly tired? i don't believe i am sleep-deprived. what can i do to help this? . i am tired all day long every day. getting out of bed in the morning is always a chore no matter how many hrs of sleep i get. i am constantly yawning throughout the day. i could nap at pretty much any time almost anywhere. i have increased my exercise level recently i work full time at a very mentally and physically exhausting place and i am in graduate school full time too. on avg i get about  hrs of sleep. however some days i get  hrs of sleep and some days i may sleep as many as .
i had gastric by-pass surgery in ; haven't had much follow up. which blood tests and levels need to be checked?
will cipro help with sinus infection and respitory
i did  nights of sleep study & my follow up is not until feb . why wait so long to get my machine? . i did not fall asleep until  am the  study dr said i did stop breathing  times but because i did not sleep good i would need to come back a  time & he prescribed sleep medication. i did  study nov .
my husband is taking zyprexa. its very expensive but is working. is there a program that can help us with the cost?
"how to increase ear wax production? . i had an external ear infection that lasted a month. antibiotics did not work and it healed naturally (but i did use a lot of oral & topical drops antibiotic). now it's been  months and the ear still constantly itches. all doctor i had seen (including ents) said that my ear looks normal but they all said that ""you have no ear wax at all"". and i think this might be the problem. how does one increase ear wax production? . i miss my daily yellow ear wax in the morning before i had the infection"
if a person contracts hepatitis b will they always carry the virus? can they spread it if they reuse their needles?
how does xanax affect deep sleep. i use a cpap machine and just recently had two sleep studies. the first without my cpap and the second with. the results on both tests show that i am not entering the deep sleep--- state of sleep at all and was told that xanax suppresses this cycle. is this true? i am planning to speak with my primary care doctor about an alternative med for anxiety as i really need to get deep sleep as i am usually very tired on a daily basis. thank you.
why are whole foods good for me?
what is type  diabetes?
how to tell if you have arthritis. my hands and fingers hurt all the time. i can no longer fully close my right fist. i can not snap my fingers or open jars or bottles. when working with small items my fingers and hands cramp up on me.
can lifting weights/weight traning at ages - stunt growth? . also can taking protein powder also stunt growth? urgent help!
can a female human get pregnant from a horse? . i do not think i am pregnant with a horse's baby but could this even happen?
what cold medicines can i give the baby?
i am overweight and take synthroid. is it ok to take phentermine (generic for adipex) as well?
i had unprotected sex on sat night. then missed the first  pills out of my next pack of pills. could i be pregnant? . could i get pregnant from missing pills after having unportected sex?
i have little yellow-green bits coming up out of the back of my throat. is this food that is lodged in my esophagus?
help! is this normal? <negative_smiley>. ive been masturbating since i was in  grade. i stimulate myself rather than finger. im  now with a boyfriend and im still masturbating. is it normal? i want to stop this habit. i did not know that im masturbating until i went to high school. im a girl.
does walking on a cold bare floor with hot feet get you sick?
i feel pressure in my elbow when i extend and fold my arm and i feel pain even slightly rubbing the end of my elbow. . i play touch rugby and have recently fallen on my elbow about - times on the same place. my elbow seemed to simply be burned but it started bleeding and is now starting to scab. it is a pretty bad bruise however. i feel pressure in my elbow when i extend and fold my arm and i feel pain even slightly rubbing the end of my elbow. do you think it's because the scabbing is pulling at my skin or could it be an internal problem?
what is the difference between diverticulosis and diverticulitis
i have had pain and tingling on the left side of the middle of my back and the mri was normal. whats causing this pain? . the pain is around where my bra strap lays on the left side. the slightest touch causes burning pain. they put me on a muscle relaxer but it is not doing and good. i feel like i am tazed over and over in the same spot. i cant lay on my back and i can barely wear a bra. i am not getting any answers from my doctor. she says its muscle spasms. i don't believe it because nothing makes it go away. please help me!
can children die from a cat allergy
how long after i stop taking phentermine when is it safe to try getting pregnant?
what are the symptoms of gallstones?
normal pregnancy and pp. passed silver dollar sized white mass - clear edge villi in one spot on the outside? .
is it dangerous to smoke marijuana  hours before surgery? . i will be having all four of my wisdom teeth removed and am wondering if smoking marijuana  hours before being put under for surgery would have any negative health effects aside from the typical risks of smoking. thanks!
what should migraine sufferers do?
does smoking marijuana make a person with acne problem worse
i have three screws and a rod in my leg hurts really bad?
effectiveness of birth control. my girlfriend ( years old) takes her pill exactly on time every single day (within  minutes of her : time never any later). we have unprotected sex (we have already been tested and have no worry of stds) and i ejaculate inside of her. although she takes her pill exactly on time every single day is there a chance that she could become pregnant?
i've got a  yr old who can't go to sleep behavior problems at school just had a mental breakdown what can i do to help. his behavior has become eradict with temper flair ups. he does not sleep at all for days. he was just diagnosed with a mental breakdown at a behavioral center. we are afraid he will harm himself as well as others. what can we do to help our son? he is a very bright educated young man and this began about three months ago. he goes to a private school for boys and is in the rotc he was just suspended form school because of this happening.
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of ortho-cyclen ()?
when a prescription says take twice daily is that twice in  hours or twice during normal waking hours?
can i double-up a dose of my weight loss pill if i missed one?
i felt like electric shock like feeling which became sharp on my left chest?
 yo son dizziness sever headache nausea for  days no relief from meds normal ct and mri worry need suggestions. normal ct/ mri w/wo contrast and. . very dizzy when in bed and standing or sitting up and when eyes are close room spinning sensation. . sever headache around both temples and goes up toward to of head. . in hosp. . toradol benadryl reglan regimen gave no relief only morphine  mg iv works for  or  hours then headache returns. . . . antivert and zofran does not help the vertigo. . no fever. . normal cbc. . had mono  years ago. . . .
can u be pregnant and your belly stays soft throughout the pregnancy?
i have two holes in my chest that blow bloody bubbles when i breathe?
what causes blisters on the inside of the eyelid and how can i prevent it and cure it? . i have diabetes anemia and cirrhosis of the liver. and in ausust i had to have a blood transfusion because of the severity of the anemia. i have in the past couple of months been getting blisters on the inside on my eyelids. they sometimes become so infected that it is painful and crusts over and swells almost to the point of closing. what causes them and how can i prevent this? what can i do to make the go away?
ive been having terrible heart palpitations ended up in the er please help me?
if i have already given my  year old benadryl and tylenol and she now has fever can i now give her motrin?
can i take cough medicine with antibiotics. my daughter has bronchitis and her coughing is keeping her awake as well as us.
aside from atherosclerosis what are the other causes of peripheral vascular diseases?
i have balance problems difficulty walking and vertigo?
what causes prostate cancer?
is there a doctor in mississippi who does gastric bypass surgery that medicaid will pay for the procedure. my doctor is trying to refer me to have gastric bypass surgery to help me lose weight and i need a doctor who takes medicaid to do the procedure.
is it okay to have sex on the pill and him finish without protection? . i am on lo loestrin fe. i have been on this pill for about - months now. i got on it to help with my menstrual cycle. a few months ago i started having sex with my boyfriend (of almost  years). we have used a condom for extra protection but a few times haven't used anything and he finished. i take my birth control at the same time every night the latest i may take it is maybe an hour or an hour and a half off (but not often at all). are we not being smart about this?
im pregnant and am feeling a slow leakage of fluid. did my water just break? . im  weeks pregnant i went to the doctors today and she told me i am dilated  and my cervix is thinning.
how should i take requip for parkinson's disease?
i had depo injection and i am bleeding continuously. is there any way to stop the vaginal bleeding?
what exams and tests help doctors to evaluate or test people for parkinsons disease?
medicare does it cover birth control iud's nexplanon etc for younger patients
what is the recommended dosage for ? what are the drawbacks of taking higher dosages if any?
could i be pregnant?  days late for af  neg hpt. unprotected sex  day before last normal menstrual cycle. . i am taking the weight loss drug phentermene. i am at least  pounds over where i should be weight wise.
i break out when i use any sunscreen even in a moisturizer. how do i find products that will help with wrinkles?
when i try to have an organism i get a severe headache. this has been happeing for  months to a year now. i'm not able to have an organism due to the severe headache that comes on right at the time i'm about to. the headache stops the organism! do i need to see my doctor? it makes the top of my head fill like it's going to explode. i don't masturbate to often so i don't think that's the problem. at my age i don't have sex to often either. i have to say that this has become a concern for me! the first time it happened it freaked me out and it still freaks me out!
can my  old take amoxicillin and also an otc also? . can my  old take amoxicillin and also an otc also? she started out with an sore throat the  which i gave her amoxicillin the next day and now today she has been sneezing no coughs only runny nose and i would like to give her pediacare multi symptom colds w/actphn.
i contracted a spinal infection and  operations later i have been left with a damaged spine?
why would my doctor recomend eating a banana every day? . i recently had my  month metabolic tests and after the results came back my doctor had the nurse call me with the results and he recommended that i eat a banana everyday. he also said that my vitamin k level is low. any relation?
who do i see for an annual eye exam optamologist ot optomatrist?
will exercising the vaginal muscles make my vagina tighter?
i am concerned i am possibly pre-diabetes?
why do i have pain in the back of my left pelvic just below the illac crest. i am male and have a history of back pain.
how is malaria treated?
could i be pregnant? . i had sex with a friend  day before my fertile window. my period ended may  and fertile window starts may . and i'm three days late for my period and a took a pregnancy test and it was negative.
what happens if a culture of the lungs shows a staph infection?
how long after the start of treatment for pink eye am i able to get into the community pool or beach? . i am getting over a sickness (only congestion left) i have pink eye and have been taking eye drop meds from my pcp for  days now and now i have blood in my eye but there is no change to my vision i believe this is due to a popped blood vessel in my eye. tomorrow we are having a beach day with family and i want to make sure it is okay for me to go to the beach with this possible pink eye under control.
i had my eyebrows waxed and the technician shaped them too thin. how can i stop looking like im permanently surprised?
i'm  and have sunspots and age spots on my face. is there an over-the-counter product that i can take to fade them?
i have anterior wall interstitial uterine fibroid i dont want surgery but scared to lose uterus?
i had partial hysterectermy for prolapse uterus. i seem to be haveing same problem again. i am concerned and worried
can tylenol and motrin cause kidney stones
what can i expect during week  of my pregnancy?
can wisdom teeth grow back? . i had all four wisdom teeth cut out  years ago. now one area is bothering me again; same symptoms as when they were impacted all those years ago. i have heard the can grow back but just thought that was a myth. is it truly possible? .
could stress cause polycythemia vera?
ive been ill for two years lyme disease neck weakness and arm shaking is my condition treatable?
i have a rash on my face?
"why is my right testicle pulling up towards my body? (regardless of temperarture? ). i am a  year old male. i was doing a little exercising and everything seemed fine. i noticed a discomfort in my right testicle. i found that it was very tight and close to my body even going into the pubic area. i would have to physically manipulate it back down into place. ever since there has been a very ""tight"" feeling and close to body. this morning there was a slight soreness behind the testicle where it connects with the cord (possibly due to my physical moving of it downward)."
what is familial hypercholesterolemia?
 year old male with cervical spine (neck) pain xrays say nothing wrong. we dont believe that?
can a girl get pregnant without having sex? . i was on a date with my girlfriend and we were making out and things got steamy. i got up to go to the restroom and to my surprise i had ejaculated in my pants. i cleaned up as much as i could: wiped with toilet paper and washed my hands thoroughly with soap and warm water. we then continued to cuddle and whatnot. then about  hours after that little episode i took her home. there was no sexual intercourse. i know this is a silly question but i'm just paranoid about her getting pregnant.
how do i deal with the guilt of not taking my mother to family events? she has alzheimers and cant handle crowds. my sister and i agree it would do more harm than good.
i have a defect in the base of my skull need a second medical opinion?
female over  alcohol  drinks extreme flush face and neck.
how long does the flu virus survive on surfaces?
does bc powder contains naproxen sodium?
im a pilot suffering from a weird left ear pressure?
i feel i pass out from any type of physical exertion including very light physical exertion?
which is the best peel for rosacea?
my son who is  has a bad case of chicken pocks though i am a little concerned as he has a lot of pain in his neck which looks a little swollen at the back and behind his ears seems swollen too. he says he also has shooting pains in his head and feels dizzy. is this normal in teens who have chicken pocks or is this something else? he doesnt seem himself and has not much of appetite either. is this common with chicken pocks as my two younger children have just recovered without any of these symptoms.
had surgery on my tail bone wont heel doctor said was good but its not?
ive been having left chest and shoulder pain and now severe left flank pain possible kidney damage?
painful aching pins and needles in my arms and legs?
are there new treatments for turkey necks? botox is expensive. are there any treatments that last for a year or more?
how are food allergies diagnosed?
 months after mirena removal still have irregular period cycles. i had a completely cycle of mirena ( years) and had another placed for additional  months. october of  we decided to start trying again. it's been  periods since then and my cycle varies -  days long. sometimes the cycles will regulate for a couple months and the next month will be a couple days short or a couple days late. i'm getting worried about not being able to get pregnant again. is this normal someone on an iud for almost  years? . thanks
ive been getting heavy periods tiredness my whole body is tender migraines?
i had my period on // and i finished //. then i had marron discharge for  days and // i havent my period.? . i had made  pregnancy test already but they came negative i always get my period on  to the  of the month i really want to have a baby im  years old and this is my  pregnancy my  i just had a miscarrege on //.
if you had sex  weeks before your period if you have your period could you still be pregnant? . ok. me and my gf got in contact on  of june. . she had her last period on  june and then got her next period on  july. . yeah she got her period on her regular time. . and she didn't felt any symptoms of pregnancy during those  weeks. is she still be pregnant? . please help!
disabled with only medicare. unable to qualify for state assistance. i am on medicare am  years old and permanently disabled. the state where i live states: i do not qualify for medicaid or other assistance. so what can i expect come ? i have a complex medical history with extensive needs. will i receive needed services? have to pay when i can not afford to? . as it is they are taking away housing and food assistance to the disabled and elderly.
what type of physical therapy helps when you have been diagnosed with bppv? . i would like to return to my regular exercise routine - pilates aerobics & yoga but fear a recurrence of symptoms.
what causes osteoarthritis?
"at age  does primary insurance switch to medicare? . turned  in july  covered under spouse's company insurance. spouse lost job in sept  and we were covered by cobra however her insurance company states that since she is not an ""active"" employee my primary insurance is now medicare and cobra will cover what medicare does not."
how is juvenile myoclonic epilepsy treated?
why do i feel lightheaded fatigued and sweat during sleeping (no fever)? . i am an almost  yr old female with a lot of stress right now. dr. put me on effexor and i started not being able to sleep having bad headaches feeling lightheaded and constipated. i took it for  weeks and he told me to stop when i called him. he called me in something else but i'm afraid to get it. i've been on paxil prozac and celexa and never felt this horrible. i haven't taken anything in almost a week but feel lightheaded many times thoughout the day. any ideas what could be wrong?
my daughters insulin level is  and the doctor recommend she takes metformmin. i'd rather change our diet and exercise.
how do i tell my parents i think i have a yeast infection
can i take alka-seltzer if i am taking nexium?
i have rash spreading through my body?
my  rib pulled out of place is there a medical procedure to put it back?
im a  year old female and i never haf sex yet and my period is a week late. what can be the problem? . i never had sex
pain when my bf enters me then bleeding hurts in the anterior part of my vagina close to the entrance like a pinch. i'm on depo provera (first shot) and had a  day period then about  days of spotting also because of period spotting i haven't had sex for about  weeks. sex has never been painful and i have no problem becoming aroused nor with a lack of lubrication. also since the spotting has stopped i've had a mucus like yellow discharge. additionally during my bleeding spotting i used tampons and had little to no discomfort when inserting them
stopped puberty prematurely. . i am currently  and ive had this issue for ages without answers forthcoming. i started puberty at  and by  /  it stopped. no further growth in penis / secondary sexual characteristics. i am basically stuck at tanner stage  / . . i suspect this was caused by a hormonal problem as i also developed wide set hips (kleinfelter negative). is there a way to restart puberty and finish it properly?
my semen analysis. i am  old and my wife  old. my semen analysis:. duration after collection of semen : : hours. period of sexual abstinence :  hours. volume : . . reaction : alraline. viscosity : normal. motility ( hr):. active motile : %. sluggish motile : %. non motile : %. total count : . . others : pus cells : - | . finally doctor was suggested me use fertisure m tablets. what are the normal semen analysis percentages? is there any other suggestions?
i know viagra has been on the market for several years. when will a generic come out that will help lower the cost? . it's a great drug for men my age but the cost is unreal
my body temp is consistantly . . is this something i should look into further?
my daughter has cold symptoms and the doctor gave her c-phen dm oral. does tylenol for kids interact with the c-phen?
is hypothyriodism heriditary
for top health how many mgs of each amino acid should a woman be taking daily?
how long after receiving the shingles vaccine should i wait to be around a newborn baby?
"what causes cialis to give me heartburn. it seems when i first take cialis there are no side effects but then as time moves on it develops and i have to take rolaids tums etc. in addition it makes me feel out of sorts for a couple days. to further explain this happened when i took  to  mgs before the ""occasion"". i've now started taking  mgs daily for ed and the same problem is occurring. will this go away after i've taken the drug for awhile or will i have to just take it and deal with it?"
should one get vaccinated for shingles again in  or  years as a booster provided shingles does not present itself
what are the types of coxsackie viruses and what can they cause?
most effective weight loss exercise. see how listen brace that time how much shes really learning understood about herself so how you that good phase two is it's usually rock you want for people with what's been going on i struggled with a few different things and face to the face was three months long in a month a bit i was out was struck throw and then a hot s how much that hurts axis gyro. ><link>
what are some of the additional problems that can occur in a pregnancy after age ?
can i have a baby if i have a shunt in my stomach and if i have a braintumor
what is the best motivations that will get you started on your diet i tried so many things but failed <negative_smiley> plz help me. i am on this weight loss with a friend and we are finding it very hard to start. we have looked up all the information needed for weight loss and we set up our goals and meals and exercising but all of this is not going to happened if 'we cant start the diet because we feel like we cant do it and we are just so addicted to food'. anyone have a solution to this problem please help. thank you <positive_smiley>
i have a white growth (lump) in the side of my throat?
is it legg-perthes-calvé disease?
has it been determined that ejaculation plays a role in prevention (or postponement? ) of prostate cancer?
what exactly is gardnerella vaginalis? . i tried looking around the internet but it wasn't very helpful.
what can i do to treat lead poisoning at home?
will the affordable care act focus on wellness and prevention programs?
genital rash. started  week in march . right side of scrotum. soon spread through entire scrotum and was very red and itched. after a month or so it moved to the right side of my penile gland. these symptoms only really bother me when wearing pants for work. then last two weeks started to itch in anus and thighs. no bumps no nothing. doctor says fungal. haven't had sex since february. no relief and all areas are still involved. multiple creams applied two from doctor and one i started a day or two ago!
i was diagnosed with gastritis i now have stomach inflammation?
"what happens when anemia is not treated. i have iron deficiency anemia have had colonoscopy endoscopy barium testing and transfusions. m getting ready to swallow the pill ""camera"" and have another round of transfusions. what happens if i just stop all this madness and don't have my anemia treated. thanks so much."
i have been admitted to hospital no diagnosis do you have any ideas?
what are warning signs to see a dermatologist right away?
what is low blood pressure?
my  year old grandson is wetting his bed. my daughter wants to buy him pull-ups but i think theyre embarrassing. help!
i have digestion problems i dont digest well stools are dark?
what kind of dr. is best to see for psoriatic arthritis?
i am addicted to red bull drink cans a week?
i'm having surgery friday. is it ok if i get a flu shot thursday? . i'm probably goin under or will have a spine block thing
what can i do to treat sinusitis at home?
"i had an allergic reaction (likely something i ate) can i just re-try these foods to determine which caused the allergy? . i'm not sure it's something i ate (tongue throat inside of mouth didn't swell or itch) my face turned red and hot and became swollen and i had hives on my neck and chest. the ""possible culprit"" food list is very short so can i just eat a little of one thing wait a few days and if there's no allergic response try another thing on the list?"
can you please tell me daily doses for vitamins and daily servings of foods to increase low blood platelet counts?
been on birth control for four months showing signs of being pregnant. could i be pregnant? . i had my daughter four months old been on birth control after i had her. i was on the nuva ring and bleed the straight two months i was on it then my ob/gyn switched me the pill with no interuptions and i am still bleeding. its been kind light so i have had unprotected sex this whole time except for the weeks i was on my suppose to be regular period. i am now showing some symptoms of being pregnant. two home test showed up negative but is there a possibility i could still be pregnant?
what does having a clear discharge during pregnancy mean?
pain relief for sore knee. my wife is a  year old women who takes moderate walks for exercise. she develops some pain in her right knee when doing so. what medication do you recommend and when should she take it prior to her walk?
my sons (ages  & ) say they are hungry  hours after a meal. are the really or is this an excuse for overating?
can this these dots be herpes hpv syphillis or some type of std?
my left leg is thinner than right. and it ankle can't bend like ordinary person also my toe. my left leg is thinner than right. and it ankle can't bend like ordinary person also my toe. i play martial arts but my leg give me trouble while kicking and it not flexible although i made flexible exercise. plase give me some way to solve this problem. doctor from my country told me there has no country can't give treatment for this problem. it does real? i really worry a bout that sir plz give me advice what should i do?
can a dermatologist help me with birthmarks?
what causes post-coital bleeding in a non-pregnant woman?
i have a reaction from the flu shot i received?
in winter i have cold feet and toes pain sweeling and redness and can't walk
i got sick in august. need answers. and i havent had a period since then. i have no pregnancy signs what so ever. what else could be going on?
can my daughter take naproxen sodium for menstrual cramping if she has a grade  concussion?
i have a hard lump on my butt cheek and been running a fever at night for the past two nights. would clindamycin help?
i allowed a girl to give me unprotected oral sex; i never ejaculated and her lips and teeth seem ok. what are my risk? . i allowed a girl that i just met to perform unprotected oral sex to me (a blowjob). i never ejaculated and her lips and teeth seem fine. yet i am still nervis because she has been with a lot of guys. what are my risk? please advice. thank you.
i have moles on my shoulders a few on my back?
had sex on fertile days when should i check if pregnant?
i am a guy and i get ingrown hairs on my face from shaving. no matter what i do i can't get rid of the bumps. help!
will medicare cover allergy testing
my eyes are swollen and hurting taking pristiq doctors say nothing to do? im miserable.
smoked a small amount of meth yesterday at  will i pass a drug test tomorro at  i am not a regular user
what causes pounding heart chest discomfort pain between shoulder blades for  months? . i had a cardiac work up with no diagnosis. i do have high blood pressure diagnosed  months ago treated with cozzar and hctz.
how long after diagnosed and started treatment am i infectious to other people.
what are some general workout tips for people with heart failure?
what do my mri results indicate?
is homecare available for someone released from a mental health facility for severe depression? . a friend's mother is  and was diagnosed with severe depression. she can go home from a mental-health facility if she has constant care. but my friend works.
can you take a decongestant (sudafed) while on tamiflu?
why does my  year old's heel hurt. my six year old just recently started complaining about the heel of her foot hurting. she says that she has not stepped on anything or hit it. what could be the reason why this is going on?
i was told by a doctor that the age spots on my hands are from hormones. i thought it was sun exposure. what can i use?
my husband has very bad stomach pains diarrhea vomitting green and is diabetic. she he go to the er?
is there a non-surgical treatment option for a recurring abdominal hernia? . is there any pain medication strong enough to alleviate severe excrutiating pain and cramping from a strangulated hernia? the only relief i have now is an icepack against the area where the hernia is protruding.
why wont doctors do what i ask. doctors always give me the run around on treatment that i know i need. felling lumps in breast tingling when cold sensitive to touch etc. mamograms. have been done and other tests but i have to fight to get them every six months. he says well the lumps has not grown or other excuse but why not do a biopsy before its too late? are doctors obligated to do what i ask is necessary?
i feel pain at the heart several times in a day?
just discovered a  x  cyst inside my left ovary via ultrasound will ovary need removal?
can this these dots be herpes hpv syphillis or some type of std?
we are exclusive. she has been on the pill for months. we have both been tested for stds. is condom use needed? . we are both really ocd about pregnancy and stds that's why despite the fact that she is on the pill and has a cellphone alarm to ensure she takes it at the same time everyday and we've both been std tested we still have just used condoms. what is the risk of pregnancy if we didn't use condoms? is this reasonable to do? should i still try to pull-out?
is garlic safe for my diabetic dog.  year old bichon with atypical cushings and diabetes he takes  units of novalin insulin bid flax hull and melatonin  bid sugars are consistantly high and is going blind
peculiar rash on the underside of my penis. i already went to the doctor and tested negative for gonorrhea and chlamydia. i have no idea what this is. the dots popped up a week after my doctors visit. i'm scared what is this? . <link>
are boils contagious?
hpv dormancy. my wife was recently diagnosed with hpv. we've been together  years. i trust her but i'm having a hard time wrapping my head around this. i have not had any other partners so i know (or think) it couldn't have come from me. can someone with a medical degree explain to me the dormancy of this virus?
is it o. k. to drink pee? . it doesn't taste bad. i don't plan to do this much longer. i know it is a weird question but i would appreciate some response.
i started having intense sharp constant pain behind my right eye right temple area and backside of the right side of my head?
what are the signs and symptoms of toxic shock syndrome?
can iron supplements cause damage to teeth and discolor dentures?
i have something broke out all over me what could this be?
is chronic sinistitis due to smoking cigarettes contagious? . i had been smoking  years when my son was born and that's when i started. having sinus attacks. it doesn't seem to related to pollen or to be seasonal.
why do i get acid reflux  hours after eating
should i bring a supply of us made tampons to reduce the risk of developing toxic shock syndrome when i travel abroad?
what might you have when your symptoms are lack of energy shortness of breath and head conjestion (with stuff noise). . this has been going on for about a week and started with a fever. i am not one to get sick for long periods of time and am worry of why this is sticking around. i was exposed to someone with pneumonia about a week ago but doesn't seem that symptoms for pneumonia would show that rapidly. i also have a slight ear ache.
"ive been trying to loose wgt for mths with no results. i exer. have made my eat habit healthier. why cant i loose weight. i had my thyroid checked i changed my eating habits ive started exercising and i have not lost a pound. why? i am getting very depressed and somedays i feel that i'd rather be dead then fat. im  and extremely sad over my weight. i have never been this weight other then when i was preg. my normal weight is around  im '"" i have gotten to  and i hate it. help please."
can i take benadryl with azithromycin. is it safe to take over-the-counter benedryl (allergy medicine) with azithromycin tablets?
i caught clostridium difficile colitis (cdiff) after antibiotics and fecal transplant i have pain nausea and vomiting?
"i'm taking isotretinoin and i'm not on birth control. is it still safe to have sex if my partner wears a condom? . i read that: ""for female patients two effective forms of. birth control. (or complete avoidance of sexual intercourse) must be used for  month before starting isotretinoin during use and for  month after stopping this drug. "". i'm using isotretinoin and i'm not on birth control. i'm not having sex regularly but i'm able to meet my partner soon (after an extended period of distance from each other) and if we do have sex (once) will it suffice if he just uses a condom?"
can you get pregnant if your boyfriend had dry cum on his fingers for  minutes and fingered you after?
how do we detect kidney stones?
what are other possible early side effects from radiation therapy?
is there a test that can be done to diagnose fibromyalgia?
im newly diagnosed with cancer. what are some important things for me to know?
pregnant with tampon in. my husband and i were messing around and he got come on the outside of my vagina. i'm on my period and had a tampon in. i took a shower immediately washing it away. can i get pregnant even though i had a tampon in?
i have been tested positive for hpv could this have been contracted from my husbands wart on his finger?
my bowel movements always have mucus and pinkish blood. very runny and accompanied by excessive gas. can diet fix it? . before this started my stools were more solid but were almost rectangular. could it just be that polyps were blocking and have now torn free?
i've been supplementing with formula after every feeding as my baby pulls out hungry. how do i increase my milk supply?
ive been suffering from pressure and pain behind eyes for almost three years?
is there an equivalent over the counter medication for pantoprazle  mg tab? . i have been prescribed pantoprazole  mg. tablets  per day and would like to know if there are any over the counter alternatives to this medication as i currently have no health insurance?
do antibiotics really expire? . i have cipro for what i think is diverticulitis. the antibiotic i have says it expired  months ago. do i need to get new meds?
does taking famotidine and antibiotics at the same time bad? i take them at the same exact time. i read somewhere to take famotidine - hrs before or after taking antibiotics i just finished up taking the other antibiotic i was on. anyway im jjst concerned that taking the antibiotics and famotidine at the same time is affecting the potency of the anti iotic helpp
"millions without insurance. among millions of middle class americans i've checked insurance plans up and down (yes even the ""affordable"" health care site) and cannot afford them nor qualify for subsidies (yes we've checked). we make too much for help and not enough to afford it alone. haven't seen a doctor in  and had gynelogical problems for more than  yrs. i'm  with no children. now what?"
which product is better collagen or retinol?
does scabies rash get worse after treatment
apart from a health insurance premium subsidy is there any help when paying for medications? . if someone is not able to pay the deductible what is the option?
why do just the pads of my toes itch at night? it's mostly the big toe. i have had an emg and don't have neuropathy.
what flu strain is the seasonal vaccine?
i am having right lower abdominal pain that increases with standing and taking deep breaths in. what might this be?
can you tell me whether environmental facial damage can be repaired without doing laser treatments?
would it be possible to have stomach put in backwards after surgery? . my wife had aoroiliac bypass surgery. when we eat her stomach bulgeson the left side but mine is on the right side. is it possible that her stomach was put back in on the wrong side?
im struggling for  years now with pain in neck doctors keep giving me something for infection and spasm but it doesnt stop?
why cant i urinate?
is there any product in a jar that will tighten up sagging and loose skin under the chin and jaw? what about thermage?
how do you get warts?
who gets eczema?
what is the difference between a cold and the flu?
what is phimosis?
my son got hit in the head with a baseball. there is no lump but he complains of headaches. how long will this last?
i have a keloid on my lobe. i've been thinking about getting my tragus pierced & wanted to know if that was a good idea? . my keloid is fairly small and do keloids on grow on parts of the ear that are meatier?
what is the normal dose of prednisone for an acute asthma attack.  year old female with long term asthma suffering from cold that has been  weeks going. was treated with antibiotic for  days. seemed to abate somewhat. now the asthma is not life threatening. it is worsening. have had prednisone in the past high beginning dose tapered off over  days. cannot remember the begining dose however. . thanks for any help!
i have tried aloe for sunburn but it doesn't seem to help. can i use burow's solution or aspirin?
i'm on the pill sexually active i have missed a few pills but now i've had some spotting and pink discharge for two days. could i be pregnant. i've missed a pill before but never had this kind of symptoms ever now i'm worried i could be pregnant. i am taking cilest pills which i've been on for around  years.
tension migraines and ear burning related? . i have pretty bad tension migraines every couple of weeks or so. nausea dizzyness light-sensitivity and pain from the back of my neck to my eye socket on the left side. over the last few weeks or so i have had the occasional redness start in my ear cartilege on that side and the burning sensation on that top portion. it is also hot to the touch. could these things be related? i treat my migraines as needed as they come along.
can  help alzhiemers?
is tonsillitis contagious?
i went to the er on tuesday because i was coughing up blood?
why is it important to drink plenty of fluids during a cold.
i am now suffering with very bad pain in my hands and feet my hands feel like they are on fire all the time?
i want to get a second opinion for a vision perscription. do i return to the same office or go to a different office? . i had a vision exam and had to return to the eye doctor three times in one month to have the perscription corrected. it has been three months since and i am still dissatisfied with the perscription in the new glasses.
what doctor to see for chronic cough. my husband is a bodyman (collision repair on automobiles) and works all day with paint and primer fumes as well as the body dust that goes along with his profession. he has developed a constant cough - he can barely complete a sentence without coughing. it sounds like a bronchitis cough but always gets better over the weekend when he's not at work. then by lunchtime on monday it's back with a vengeance and he's coughing all the time. what type of doctor should he see for this cough?
i will be dropped from health coverage by a soon-to-be ex-spouse. . this may not occur by december  and may run over to january . may i apply now anyway?
i've noticed the jobs we have where i live have cut hours or hired temporary workers so not to cover health insurance. . i do not have insurance due to this and am lucky if i work  hours a week. yet i don't qualify for medicaid either because i'm not under  or pregnant. i looked at the offers online and with bills i see i can't afford that either. i'm very confused at this and don't believe i should be fined on my taxes for something i don't know how to fix. can you please explain and help me? i am in west tennessee.
"strange symptoms. i am a  year old woman and take three heartburn pills a day. i went to bed last night and laid down and all of a sudden had very bad heartburn. so bad in fact i thought i was going to throw up. i had to take many tums before it would allevaite. then throughout the night i was up and down with chills. . this morning i awoke and got out of bed to get dressed and am still very ""wobbly"" feeling. after being up for a few minutes i have again become very nauseated but no heartburn. . hbp meds qd"
can levonorgestrel (i-pill/plan b) cause periods to be one week early. my periods started on  jan  ended on  feb . on  morning around .  am was fooling with my bf when he inserted in me max for  mins. he pulled out but i was scared of precum. he never ejaculated inside on  feb i took levonorgestrel (i-pill / plan b)  later. my next period was due on  feb as i have  days cycle. but my periods started today  feb. one week early. so are there any chances of pregnancy
can head lice live on your body and clothing. my arms neck and face itch so bad
is cancer a bacteria or virus
"ive been trying to loose wgt for mths with no results. i exer. have made my eat habit healthier. why cant i loose weight. i had my thyroid checked i changed my eating habits ive started exercising and i have not lost a pound. why? i am getting very depressed and somedays i feel that i'd rather be dead then fat. im  and extremely sad over my weight. i have never been this weight other then when i was preg. my normal weight is around  im '"" i have gotten to  and i hate it. help please."
when babies are switching from breast milk to solid foods is cow's milk neccessary?
will stress cause an aneurysm? . i have been under stress lately and i have a history of migraines and right now i have a bad one my left eye hurts and my skull hurts. the light hurts i have been nausea and getting sick.
can a sinus infection lead to pink eye?
im  yr old had heart attack heart rate at rest - chest pain is it caused by energy drinks?
can asthma and the resulting inability to steadily breathe cause a heart attack in someone who has heart disease?
are there diet pills for people under ? . hi! so i'd like to lose  pounds (and this is a reasonable number i am  pounds overweight) but i would like the process to go quicker if it could. but it seems as all the diet pills are for people over . so are there any diet pills for people under ? could they be prescribed or over-the-counter? thanks <positive_smiley>
if a person has hepatitis c can they also get hepatitis a and/or b?
can you take liquid antibiotics that have been left out overnight
would you describe the impact of the grandfathering rules for health plans?
what can i do to prevent or cope with postpartum depression?
i started having a pain in my upper right abdomen that moved to my lower right abdomen?
my blood test results are abnormal should i be concerned?
i'm taking low dose prescription testosterone for low libido. i developed mild acne. are they related? . i am an older female. i have never had acne before. i apply the testosterone to the inside of my arms.
smoking while wearing headphones is bad for health? . i've been smoking while i'm listening to music with headphones and i know that nose and ears are connected in some way so i started to think that maybe i'm doing something wrong. i'm not sure so i wanna ask. is it bad for health? well smoking isn't the best thing but i don't want to damage myself more if it's bad for health.
my  year old has stomach cramps feeling nauseous and no appetite?
do any supplements like cold-milled golden flax seed affect the effectiveness of birth control pills?
why does my anus only itch at night (  years old male)? . for the past week around evening time i feel extreme itching goes away after a few hours. starts again the next day at the same time
my father is a lung cancer patient nsclc?
all my symptoms point to yeast infection but i also have small itchy bumps that are at my vagina opening. symptoms of the yeast infection began two days ago and has progressively gotten worse. it began as itching/burning with mild pus like discharge along with my vulva swollen red and itchy so i took a pill for yeast infection and also used monistat over night. next day in the shower cleaning the area with only water i noticed there are small red itchy bumps on the opening of my vagina. they're so bad that it's very painful to even insert my finger to clean. is this genital herpes?
severe vaginal itching gynecologist prescribed clobetasol with no real results?
i have numbness on left side of body cold hands feet heart palpitations?
what is ringworm?
can you live without a pancreas?
"when will my heart rate go back to normal after exercise. im  and havent exercised in a while. my weight is  and i am "". when i run my heart rate go up to  is this normal and it takes several hours to go back to normal. are all these stats normal?"
cure for swollen feet. just out of hospital and my feet are swollen. any cure for this.
my teen has anxiety which is controlled by medication but dr wants to take him off the medication. why? is this safe? . my son was having hallucinations and was given antipsychotic meds  mos ago.  mos ago he was dx with anxiety and rx anxiety meds. he hasn't had hallucinations since.  months ago dr stopped antipsych meds. he is currently taking anxiety meds. hes doing very well and still no hallucinations. dr wants to lower dose of anxiety meds til he is no longer on med. his anixety was so severe it caused hallucinations. is it possible for a teen to outgrow anxiety to the point no med is necessary?
i had sex four days ago. he was really drunk and for part of it the condom fell off. . right when i noticed he pulled out. but i am still worried. should i take plan b
i was diagnosed with epilepsy im not sure of this diagnosis?
is it correct that anything over an spf  really doesn't decrease uva and uvb sun exposure?
can cigarette residue on fingers or mouth cause vaginal bacterial or yeast infection through oral or digital sex?
i suffered a severe concussion arm now paralyzed?
having problems with major joint pain all over my body?
is collagen iv an effective anti-aging product? is gluthathione iv good for skin whitening? what about a collagen pill?
since these two drugs are from the same family. can azithromycin oral be used with erythromycin ophthalmic?
am i still protected if i missed a pill had unprotected sex then took two pills? . i'm on the birth control pill (loryna) and have been for about  months. i forgot to take my pill yesterday (the tuesday pill on the  week) and then had unprotected sex today (wednesday) thinking i had taken my pill yesterday then went to take my wednesday pill basically right after i had sex and realized that i hadn't taken yesterday's so i took both at the same time. should i take the plan b pill even though i only missed one birth control pill? i am very worried i could be pregnant.
i have a speaking disorder is there surgery or medication that can help?
i am currently taking  of klonopin twice a day & i would like to increase my  prozac to twice a day. is this safe
is it possible to start your period a week early? . i have been keeping up with ovualtion and i was ovulating saturday march  i had sex friday() and on sunday(). started cramping during the week and was throwing up and nasuea on thursday() and friday(). and now on the  of march i am bleeding and it doesnt feel like a normal period. im crampin more and its light one minute and heavy the next
does treatment reverse osteoporosis damage or just stall it?
i am a dancer my ankle gets weak?
who is most at risk for whooping cough?
is it safe to take clenbuterol being overweight and asthmatic?
is a low grade fever one week after surgery normal
do they make porcelain crowns for toddlers?
hi i have an enquiry mostly every morning when i wake up and look in a mirror i see bright white marks on my front two teeth. they do dissapear after - hours but then again next morning they re-appear. i always think for some reason that its cos i sleep with my mouth open and breathe in from my mouth. could you please tell me why these marks appear and how i could prevent the white marks from appearing every morning. thanks in anticipation<positive_smiley>
does arthritis travel from back to leg? . lower back arthritis detected. significant pain has rooted in the back then the knee and now the calf.
my son was born a noneater but he changed at  (now ) and now overeats. i was wondering how and why this happened.? . my son was born a nonfood enthusiast. he was always the last person to wrap up lunch in preschool and it was never done. his blood sugar was low and he weighed little. he felt sick at the sight of food. all that changed in grade  and we were all delighted that he would eat. by the end of the year though he was overweight and he overate. i thought it was a phase since he was not by nature like that; it was sudden. he is still however and i was wondering how it could suddenly change.
my wife has just been diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis and her sister has ms are the two diseases related? . my wife has just been diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis and her sister has ms are the two diseases related?
shall i get chemical stress test to know the reason for tachycardia?
my son was prescribed focalin xr  and is taking clarinex reditabs . can he continue to take his allergy medicine?
been experiencing a warm/pain sensation in my left pectoral that tends to radiate occasionally across my shoulder?
i have lupus. how can i reduce the risk of heart disease?
are there any nonsurgical treatments for gallstones?
i have had a thyroid nodule since diagnosed drained twice but it came back?
lost  pounds in three months nausea every time they still cant diagnose me?
can chiropractic care reverse osteoporosis or scoliosis?
can athletes get sick going outside immediately after working out? . i coach a college wrestling team. two days a week the athletes are not permitted to walk from the practice room thru the weight room and into the locker room instead they have to walk outside and around to a side door and then walk into the building then finally to the locker room. is this a health risk? i dont want to be sued for putting my athletes at risk but i would need medical documentation to prove this is hazardous to the college.
what is a nervous breakdown?
"during exercise my heart will go into hyperdrive then skip several beats in a row i can count to  before it restarts. this has happened to me a few times over the years. typically i am exercising and my heart rate will increase very rapidly for a few moments. suddenly it will stop pounding and i cannot feel my pulse and my hr monitor shows  for a few seconds. i will get dizzy and sit down but then it starts up again like normal. i am  healthy and fit with no history of any health issues. i have mentioned it to my doctor but she just said ""huh thats weird"" and said to get it checked if it happens more."
my little boy always constipated or diarrhea – feel completely lost with what to do?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of pain reliever without aspirin?
my boyfriend got off on the inside of my vagina some but not up in it now i have a yeast infection. could i be pregnant? . i looked at an ovulating calander and it said i was ovulating the -. this happened on the . i got the yeast infection about  / weeks after this happened. im supposed to start my period on the  and my pregnancy test says negative.
is there a generic i can get in place of renova which costs too much but is helping me?
how long do you recommend staying on a proton pump inhibitor for gerd?
i had pains when swallowing tired when exerting with unbearable pain. on and off?
if a man's testicles are uneven can there be something wrong? . my bf had a physical for work and the one doing the exam suggested my bf get an examination of his testicles because one hangs way lower than the other one. he isn't one to see a dr unless it is serious. i told him i would google it and see what comes up. he has a large sac and it does get in the way he complains about it but is there a real concern for the position of the actual sacs? as a side note: he rarely ejaculates and has always had this issue.
a couple weeks ago i noticed i had a lump on my neck its relatively solid and hurts when pressure is applied. at first i thought it was a swollen lymph node due to a cold but i am no longer sick and the lump still remains. what could it be?
i'm normally regular but i've been late  months in a row. could i be pregnant? . i took a test last month when i was a few days late but it was negative. since then i've been nauseous emotional i've had heartburn i've had mood swings i'm tired all the time. and now i'm late again am i pregnant?
when should i take a pregnancy test? i had sex  days after getting off of my period. used condom but want to be sure.
am i pregnant or paranoid? . i'm  and my period has always been regular (varying from - days) but this month i'm  days late. my bf's never ejaculated near my vagina (closest area is stomach) and he's never fingered me with wet semen on his hands. but can i still get pregnant if he wipes the semen off with a tissue and fingers me  minutes later? is there still sperm on his hand? we did have sex once but he was wearing a condom and pulled out and i was already  days late at this point.
why does my toddler throw up when she either goes to bed or during the night (usuallyaround )? . she also has really loose bowels or diarrhea every morning.
pill identification without an imprint. this pill is white round and has a black l on it
is it safe to swim in a lake if you have a uti? . i have a bladder infection and began antibiotics two days ago. we're going to the lake this week. can i swim in the lake or should i avoid that?
i can take an antihistamine or any medicine while using flonase amoxicillin and sudafed
how can i avoid being ripped off when shopping for prescription drugs online?
how can i stick with exercise?
what should i do to prevent my baby from catching bronchitis while breastfeeding? . i have bronchitis and asthma. just using an inhaler afraid to take anything else and fear my  month old might get sick. how can i further prevent and treat?
what are the ingredients of beta carotene? . i am allergic to carrots. is beta carotene made form carrots?
what is the recovery time from a hysterectomy?
when i try to drink any substantial amount of water i feel sick and get diarrhea?
does oxycodone or hydrocodone show up as codien on a urin drug test?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of lisdexamfetamine?
what's the relationship between bmi and body fat?
what types of relief can i use for vaginal and vulva itching when pregnant? . . i am newly pregnany currently  weeks.  days ago the inside of my vagina began to itch and now it is itching and burning in the vulva area. . before calling the doctor just wondering if this is normal early in pregnancy and if there is anything i can use to get some relief.
type your question here. having hair loss with mirena iud will hair loss stop if removed? . having hair loss with mirena iud will loss stop if remved?
hello. i play football and i always end up with a rash on my chin and forehead. anything i can do? . it first starts out red and patchy but then turns brownish greyish. it then peels about every two weeks. i have used slip on covers for my chisntrap and the results do not change. sun exposure also makes it much much darker. any ideas on medications or what i have? someone said it might be a heat rash and there is nothing i can do about it. any ideas?
what is the best over the counter diet pill for weight loss and energy
can i take clindamycin if allergic to ceclor and bactrim. just had a horrible reaction to bactrim. doctor prescribed clindamycin but am afraid to take. just wanting to make sure it will be ok.
what is jc virus? . my dr. said one of my medications i can take for ms could cause this jc virus?
swollen lymph node next to adam's apple possible std or hiv? . i have been with someone for  months and we have had protected and unprotected sex. we have also had unprotected oral sex. i had developed a sore throat a few days ago with a swollen lymph node but the last time i went down on him was about two weeks ago. my sore throat is almost gone but not the lymph node. i also had a mild cold around that time. i was wondering if it is possible for an std to develop in the throat even if it has been a while since i've performed oral sex on him?
can a obgyn tell if your fertile with a vaginal exam?
i took vicodin for the first time post operatively for pain and it kept me awake at night. what is this called and why?
if i am feeling really hungry after exercising what is the best thing to eat after a workout? . and i am a guy not sure if that matters.
with crohns disease is sex possible. just asking because i have a friend (female) with crohns and just wondering how to approach this person with the possibility of this happening
what can i do to treat hepatitis c at home?
i have blood in urine convinced it could be cancer?
i have irregular periods and i am trying to get pregnant?
my husband and i had sex in a pool yesterday i am  weeks pregnant and now i am spotting and cramping. is this normal?
i have a samll white pimple inside bottom portion of my lip couls it be herpes?
i'm fair skinned model. i lie out in the sun and don't really use protection. how can i maintain my youthful appearance?
what do my mri results indicate?
i had an allergic reaction while taking a shower i am not allergic to anything or any medication?
what causes deep sinking feeling from chest in heart area through to the back with nausea? i am  female. myglogsb
ive been off depo shot for  years and i havent gotten pregnant. could it be from getting the depo shot for so long
can vitamin c help stop muscle cramps. someone recommended chewing tums with vitamin c to stop the muscle cramp.
my mother diagnosed with invasive ductal carcinoma now i have mark on breast?
my  year old was diagnosed with cellulitis what do i do?
what can i expect during week  of my pregnancy?
if i were to take xanax  mg. prescribed to me thursday night would it be out of my system by sunday evening? driver. i want to be responsible. i have had some life changes that have caused anxiety and my doctor prescribed me to take  mg of xanax for only emergencies along with well butrin. however i drive for a living and i don't want to take any chances with my livelihood. i don't want to have any in my system while working. i will not start if there is no way of avoiding this problem. thank you
near my vagina opening and a little more inside hurts. no discharge it doesn't hurt to pee very few times it itches. at first it hurt to pee and i had a light pink spotting i went to the clinic they found little bacteria in my urine they gave me antibiotics it no longer hurts when i pee and im not spotting or have discharge but my vagina hasn't stopped hurting
is it safe to smoke hookah gel around my child. i now use hookah gel as an alternative to hookah tobacco. it is just like smoking the liquid you put in a electronic cigarette. i was just wondering if it is safe to smoke around my child or even with the window pen around my child in a large living room. i also use coconut coals which says non toxic on the box and emits lowest amounts of carbon monoxide possible compared to the self if ignited ones
if you receive the chicken pox vaccine can you get shingles later in life?
how do i use a metered dose inhaler with a spacer?
i am trying to get an understanding about my diastolic pressure. i have visited my doctor and my systolic number has went for  to  but the diastolic number has not been so successful it is  to . what does diastolic pressure mean what do i need to be on the look out for and what more can i do.
how much tylenol can a -week pregnant woman safely take?
can a virus cause my stool to be green. my stool has been soft green in color the last  days. should this be a cause for alarm? is it caused by a virus or my taking of low dose aspirin?
"hi i am from new delhi india. my dad was diagnosed with inoperable stage  metastatic pancreatic cancer on // while he was in operation theater. doctor stop the operation. now they are saying only kemo will help. my dad was supposed to have the wipple procedure but when the doctors opened him up they saw that the cancer had already spread to his liver. the surgeon did not remove the tumor on his pancreas or liver and just closed him back up. my understanding that there are  to  small mets on his liver that look like small rice-like granules. i believe they are isolated to only one lobe of the liver. we were told that chemotherapy was our only option at this point but given that it is only a palliative measure so we are obviously looking for other viable options. pl help me my father is at  & fit n fine before this operation. he will be going to discharged frm hospital on . . . then cemo will start on . . . pl. pl please help me. what to do i was devastated to learn that the surgeon did not remove the tumor on the head of his pancreas. the surgeon said that he left the tumor there so my uncle could begin chemotherapy sooner. i don't understand why he would leave that ""ticking time bomb"" inside of him and it pains me to know that it is still inside him and growing even as i type this post thanks gagan @gmail. com"
aside from benign prostatic hyperplasia (bph) are there other noncancerous prostate problems?
why should babies under  year old not eat honey?
i have gerd and take prevacid. my symptoms have exacerbated since taking a vitamin d prescription. is that common?
what is present in semen after a man has had a vasectomy? . if a man is taking medication how much if any of the medication would be present in his semen?
took apple cider vinegar to relieve cold and flu now nose is bleeding?
"what do i do when my anxiety causes me mental and physical pain? . ive had anxiety since i was a kid. i dont take medications for it. i cant afford them. ive been trying to live with it and until recently ive done nothing about it. im tired of feeling like this its causing me emotional and physical pain. my relationships with friends and family members have been suffering. it often causes me to ""wig out"". when this occurs i have trouble breathing and chest pain. my whole mood just sours. i need help and i dont know whats wrong. what can i do?"
what can prevent vitamin d from being absorbed into your body. i was diagnosed with osteoporosis and osteopenia. i had a dexa test and blood work which showed my vit d level @ . dr. put me on   ius of vitamin d once a week for  weeks - did this  times. just had more blood work and my vit. d level only came up to  - still very low. my question is why isn't it coming up. now he has be on the same   for another  weeks. i also get   a day in my multi vitamin. do certain foods prevent vitamin d getting into the body.
after taking adderall heart rate high breathing hard feeling dizzy?
unwell for about  days sore throat cough pain under right rib spots on hands and feet?
i had an ectopic pregnancy. what should we do to conceive again?
i have blood in my urine male  yoa had fever/headache yesterday feel better today. urinating more frequently urgently with some pain noticed blood in urine today not strong flow may of had some bbq sauce which may of been exposed to uncooked chicken several days ago.
what conditions have mistakenly been attributed to food allergy?
i have herniated disk either i have surgical operation or physiotherapy which is best?
diagnosed with myoclonus dystonia after years of baffling medical tests living with too many animals?
is it possible to have too much sex?
is aortic murmur and aortic stenosis the same thing?
chemo for jaw cancer when all other treatments are exhausted. how many treatments are they daily treatments-weekly? . this is last option to prolong life.
if i sign up for insurance through my marketplace when will coverage begin?
i have been bleeding for a year. will progesterone reverse my cycle? scared to take it again because its wat started it? . my doctor gave me progesterone in  because i didn't have a period for almost  years. i cud not go anywhere because blood would just run down my legs. i didn't take anymore after the first bottle. several months later my cycle started to come on normally but in feb  it came on and hasn't stopped. i suffer from dysmennorhea and anemia now. he gave me more progesterone to take but i want to know will it stop my cycle since i'm aleady bleeding or will it increase the bleeding more?
what is the schedule for active immunization for tetanus (tetanus shots)?
we are trying to conceive should i think of iui (intrauterine insemination) as an option
i have or think i have colorectal cancer metastatic or recurrent when should i contact my doctor?
i had a heart attack two months ago and now take coreg. is it safe to take with the premarin i've been on for  years?
is death from colon cancer with metastasis to liver lung brain and skull painful. stage +. will he lose bowel control? . my brother has developed a servere case of hiccups and nausea and was told by his doctor they are caused by the tumors in the liver and brain. he's been given thorzene but it has some bad affects on him. is there any other drug that would give him some relief? he doesn't want to eat anything because of this condition. if he doesn't eat and keep it down they won't release him from the hospital. as things progress will he most likely lose bladder and bowel control.
can you get divertculits from taking a bad fall directly on your butt on an hard marbel floor?
can you be constipated and have diarrhea? . i have diarrhea and was told i am constipated and the stool is stuck in my colon while i have diarrhea constantly.
how long does zyrtec-d stay in your system?
can you have gout in your big toe without swelling? . i have arthritis and a neuroma in the foot that my big toe hurt so badly but i really don't have swelling in my toe. could it be gout anyway?
i have fibromyalgia being treated by neurologist now bladder is achy and heavy (pressure) with pain?
how you make squash soup?
i'm a -year-old female with adhd depression and anxiety and can't find the right medication/treatment plan for me. al. i'm a -year-old female with adhd depression and anxiety and can't find the right medication/treatment plan for me. also willl my adhd be affected by my planned ivf?
my head painfully pops at the bottom of my skull and top of my neck nothing drains. i can be sitting and it will pop. i feel it stiffening before it pops and then it usually does but sometimes it doesn't. also sometimes when i turn my head i will get a burning sensation down my neck. should i be worried? one last thing that happens is i will stand up and i won't be able to see and i will have to sit back down. can you help me decide what to do?
i take hydrocodone / for pain. is the  mg the pain medicine or acetaminophen dosage?
l have always been fobbed off when l askd about it a heart specialist once said 'he knows about the trapped nerve. $$$. my question or rather indictment of the system concerns a trapped nerve in my neck for . i have been treated for my heart my knee a hernia but never the electric shock type pain in the back of my head caused by a rapid head movement.
my bladder feels full and burns urethra itches tests all ok?
i just started noticing these two small knots next to my crouch and they hurt a lot when i touch it. im  and ive had a gf for about a year and we had sex for the first time like last month and i'm wondering if this is some kind of std or something im kinda freaked out about this whole thing. i also play sports so im not fat or anything and i hardly ever get sick.
have had a very bad cold for last week now i have yellow discharge from my nose no fever or anything sinus infection? . also suffer from major allergies and am on pantanse (sp) for that. yellow discharge started just a day ago. am i better off letting it ride if its viral or see about antibiotics? i have no other major symptoms fever aches etc just a nasty bright yellow discharge from my nose.
are there reasons to take birth control pills besides preventing pregnancy?
if i only ejaculate the sperm onto to vagina(not inside) the girl may pregnent.
what is an average weight of foreskin removed at circumcision. both for an infant and an adult
im getting alot of cramps in my lega and sides near my rib cage is this associated with the spread of prostate cancer
are the sleeping pill fat burner combos like liponesta safe? do they work?
will a normal blood test show anemia? or would specific tests need to be done?
i have made hiv / +  antigen test am i free from hiv?
i had an acute ebv antibody test done and my results were all negative
ive been diagnosed with a uti and have antibiotics that arent doing anything?
the first day of my last period was // when can i take a home pregnancy test? . my cycles are usually - days.
my brother has been losing his hearing abilities since he was - years old?
i was diagnosed with epilepsy im not sure of this diagnosis?
+ years on simvastatin .  mo. ago muscle pain upper arms recently swithched to atorvastatin  will it help? . in addition i am taking  for  months.
what causes nausea during a heart attack?
what to eat when you suffer from ulcerative colitis and can i drink milk as well
i have a yeast infection and my boyfriend came in me could i become pregnant even though i am doing monistat?
was prescribed  ciprofloxacn then dr. prescribed  mg of amoxicillin after lab test for bladder infection. why?
daughter in severe pain advised to see gi dr. but can't get appt. till at least  month. can we get someone to see her. been to er twice had xrays ultrasound cat scans blood work etc. kidneys gall bladder appendix all look fine. shows inflammation of bowels/bowel blockage. tried enema stool softeners everything we can think of but she's still in severe pain. she's  so most gi's won't even see her. i understand dr's can be busy but if someone is in such pain how can they be treated quicker. i don't know if she can make it a whole month with the pain that she's in.
i tested positive for hsv- anti-bodies. i have not had an outbreak. does this mean i have the virus? . after a blood test my doctor said i had tested positive for hsv- anti-bodies. he told me that this means i have come in contact with the herpes virus. however he told me he could not tell me if i had the virus or not. he said there was no test for the herpes virus and that we wouldn't know if i had it until i have an outbreak. its been almost a month now since i last had sex and have not had an outbreak.
can you already experience morning sickness  weeks after conception? . my fiancee and i had unprotected sex about two weeks ago and i have been throwing up in the mornings and nauseous after every meal i eat. but i still have an appetite so i know it's not the flu. could this be possible at such an early stage of possible pregnancy?
is it safe to have another baby after i delivered three by c-section?
how long will you recover from hernia surgery.
my grandsons feces is white and chaulky. can anyone tell me why? he is .
daughter has the flu sinusitus and now has a red rash all over her body eyes swollen and yellow underneath. er? . she has a fever again still taking her antibiotics and tylenol  for pain.
i am not pregnant but i havent been having a period for five mouths. what do i have?
how long after sexual intercourse will one know if they have herpes. my fiance just found out she has herpes how long after sexual encounter will you know if you have it. how long does it take to after having sex with someone
what if you have unprotected vaginal intercourse within  hours of starting birth control? . i took my first pill within  hours of having intercourse with my boyfriend. i am continuing to take the pills on my set schedule. what maybe the percentage that i end up pregnant.
if you have no cervex or uterus and have not had a symtom or outbreak of genital warts in  yrs are you still infected
what kinds of the otc products are best for getting rid of liver spots?
i've been constipated with pain for a week. my doctor says i am 'severely impacted' after x-rays. nothing is working! . because i have a very high fiber diet exercise regularly and generally have no elimination problems at all my doctor thinks it could be caused by stress and dehydration. i am now drinking less coffee and drinking tons of water. my doctor has had me try the following ~ milk of magnesia metamucil glycerin suppositories and now lactulose. i have very small amounts of diarrhea about once a day. nothing is working at all. any suggestions? rx or natural?
i had laryngitis cough sore throat and fever and im having lots of vertigo episodes?
i used heroin and cocaine a month and a half ago one time. will a hair follicle test show one time use?
im  both of my parents smoke and anytime i enter a room they have smoked in i get headaches should i go to the doctor. i don't smoke tobacco and never will i have tried marijuana before but don't use it. i get these headaches even when no one is smoking but if there has recently been smoke in there. i need to know if i should just suck it up and take an ibuprofen or if i should be worried? i also get dizzy nausea and sometimes my vision blurs momentarily.
if there is no blood flow to the head what can be done for an  years old patient?
does having sex from the back (doggy style) or just regular sex make your butt fatter or bigger?
how is lymphedema diagnosed?
do i have cushings syndrome?
when it comes to sexual activity i have no probelms ejaculating except when she is preforming oral sex why is this? . with all other types (sex hand job or self masterbation) i'm able to easily reach orgasm but when a girl is giving me oral sex i seem to tense up all muscles from my butt to my calves why is this and is it normal?
my hip has been locking up and giving out occasionally?
can an epi pen be used for a penicillin allergy
recent mammogram abnormal finding is biopsy needed?
how can prostate cancer advanced or metastatic be prevented?
what progress are drug companies/researchers making toward a cure for genital herpes?
can eczema be a direct result from contact dermatitis caused by machine coolants
i don't eat meat but i will eat fruit and veggies at times not very often. what vitamins should i be taking daily?
why would keratin shampoo make my hair fall out? as soon as i quit using it it stopped. . i would like to get a keratin smoothing treatment but i've read similar stories where people lost their hair to the point of having bald spots. breakage i could understand but my hair fell out at the root. it doesn't make any sense.
getting joint pains after the pregnancy?
i am having a surgery and i have thrush will this stop my operation?
are these medicines the apt ones for keratitis?
"if i have trouble gaining weight because of my low appetite would a higher intake of the hormone leptin help? . i grew up always considered ""underweight"" for my age height and sex. people tell me it's just genes or i'm just a small eater but i think it's more than that. i'd like to gain more weight without being unhealthy about it. i have a low appetite and i just read an article on this website about leptin and leptin signals the body's energy-nourishment."
can a child get strep throat if they do not have tonsils?
what happens to someone when they get fertility problems?
is there any diet that can help improve or reverse hypothyroidism?
can bupropion be used to treat fibromalayga and or osteosrthritis
an x-ray of my hand showed tendinitis and atherosclerotic calcification what should i do?
what is pancreas divisum?
im on triquilar for  months and ive been having unprotected sex with my fiancé and we're both healthy. everyone said that triquilar ed causes loss of libido but its been burning me down there after sex everytime. is it part of loss of libido. is it cause of the pill? should i change it? . thanks
is pubic hair removal dangerous or needed for hygiene? . some doctors claim this has lead to pubic lice becoming almost extinct without moist/warm habitat for lice and other infections which can be passed on as sti's so pubic hair removal is a benaficial thing. on the other hand doctors claim that when the hair is removed it leaves a 'microscopic open wound' which can also lead to infections and std's also skin irritations and can be equally dangerous. so which is true and is pubic hair removal a good or dangerous thing to do?
do i have to replace my eye make-up if i have a stye?
is a girl get pregnant during their first sex? but there is no vaginal contacts like penetration was not take place.
i had sex  days before ovulation could i still get pregnant.
"can you give a  month old rice milk instead of formula? . my  month old granddaughter is prohibited from having any dairy or soy. she is currently on a special formula that is extremely expensive and has to be special ordered (not available in any stores). if she should run out before the next shipment arrives do you think it would be okay to give rice milk or have rice milk alternately with the formula to reduce the amount of formula she consumes. she is eating food prepared by mom and processed in the ""baby bullet""."
what is an angiotensin ii receptor blocker (arb) for high blood pressure?
can you hold a baby after having a tb test
i have chronic back pain neurosurgeon wants to do another decompression surgery?
should i take my child to pediatrician or dentist for a bad canker sore?
is it dangerous to smoke marijuana  hours before surgery? . i will be having all four of my wisdom teeth removed and am wondering if smoking marijuana  hours before being put under for surgery would have any negative health effects aside from the typical risks of smoking. thanks!
what causes warts and plantar warts?
how big an effect will  weeks of illness have on your ? vomiting diarrhea  days no meds for  days. i was sick for  days. unable to keep anything down for the first  including my meds. drank lots of water. . illness for  weeks total no meds for  of those days eating sporadic. did  at the end of those  weeks. previous  .  current  . . hqw much affect does the illness have on the . my daily averages has been mid 's whichs too high. my provider is saying we need to add insulin but is willing to wait until my next  before he insists on it.
my body hasnt been feeling good at all what can be wrong?
what tests are common during the third trimester of pregnancy?
is there any way to speed up a cold once you feel one coming on?
how is the staging of prostate cancer done?
i have back problems shoulder neck back pain – mri shows numerous issues?
"my doctor prescribed a corticosteroid and an antibiotic. i am afraid to take the corticosteroid - what will they do? . i was told the corticosteroid would make me really ""high"" and i'm scared to take it but i am still very sick after  days."
how are the new health care reform exchanges going to work?
"what are some ""kid safe"" natural stool softeners to help with constipation for my  year old? . my son is  years old and we have been battling with constipation for about a year. he gets so ""backed up"" that it then becomes painful to release once his stool softener starts to work. id like to find a natural regularly implemented strategy/diet in order to prevent this from happening. it is very uncomfortable for him and am worried it may lead to digestion issues down the road."
what are flu symptoms in adults and in children?
do you ever outgrow food allergies or can the severity of allergic reactions change as we age?
"i'm healthy  y. o who's gone over a year w/o a period  times each time with  ""normal"" period. how common is this? . i have no risk factors for any type of gynecological cancers other than i am female. i have never used hormones other than thyroid for hypothyroidism since age . my bmi is ."
can the active ingredent diphenhydramine in advil pm cause a false positive drug screen for benzodiazepine? . i did a little research myself & need some clarification please. i was experiencing chronic back pain so i was taking advil during the day & advil pm at night for a length of time & i came back positive for benzodiazepines on a urine test.
when i'm outside in winter the moment i enter a heated building i start to sweat profusely. how can i prevent this? . i need to bundle up outside in the winter or else i will freeze. but the moment i enter a building that has the heat on i begin to sweat profusely. i take off all my layers as quickly as possible but i still get so overheated and sweaty. it is disgusting and embarrassing. how can i prevent this?
my doctor says colonoscopy shows crohns disease need second opinion?
is a  year old woman too young to be experiencing chests pains/angina? . i've had blood work done to check for heart disease and my doctor said everything came back normal. i do have high blood pressure which is controlled with a beta blocker. i'm concerned about the pain in the middle of my chest the twinges i feel in both arms and my lower jaw goes numb once in a while.
how does exercise help prevent or benefit those with osteoporosis?
what is ringworm of the scalp or beard?
i have blisters on the inside of my lips and on my tongue. what kind of doctor should i see? . i also have multiple sclerosis hypothyroidism incontinence bipolar borderline personality disorder and an addict. i smoke. i do not drink or eat spicy anything. i am a  year old woman with no children.
chances of being pregnant after having unprotected sex within the - week of being on the depo shot? . i first started getting the depo shot august of last year. i received a shot on september . within the  and  week on that shot i had unprotected sex multiple times. then i received the shot on november . recently i have been very tired all of the time. i've been sleeping half of my day awake. yesterday i woke up with a sharp pain in my lower abdomen that went away after a few minutes but felt severe. i know there have been many women pregnant on the depo before.
i am taking predisone can this cause me to have anxiety attacks. i have never had anxiety attacks in the past. the other day i had a full blown attack while working on my car. i had the shakes and sweats really bad and could not concentrate. it was like the car was a monster. i am currently take prednisone for bronchial inflammation. it is a gradually reducing pack. could this have caused the attack? .
my son had dtap polio chicken pox and mmr vaccines now can barely move?
chest neck arm pain began  years ago aft heavy work. lasting  mins. now any activity even showerlasts  more
is it true that if you eat a fondue and drink a cold beverage that the cheese will coagulate into a ball in the stomach?
should i be worried about  year old sons nosebleed that took so long to stop? . he must have bled for a good  minutes. it wasn't until he pulled what looked like a huge blood clot from his nose that it stopped bleeding. it looked like a big slug.
i was recently diagnosed with an atypical mole (dysplastic nevi) please advise?
i feel like something is caught in my esaphgus. i burp all the time and it's really uncomfortable. i feel full almost immediately it hurts to eat more than a few bites. it's not my stomach it's more in my chest area. i eat tums and anti acid pills daily but it's not helping. is there anything that you can suggest?
back pain for a month now ct scan shows no stone nothing seems to help?
what can i do about pet allergies?
can degenerative disc disease cause thigh pain? . i was recently diagnosed with degeneraitive disc diseas at age . i found this out because i had continuos headches with head pressure. now i have this pain in my thighs in just the front and on the side. could this be from the discs in the neck at  thru  where the problems are in my neck? no one seems to know why the thighs are hurting and i have had several blood tests done to rule out things. please help
who should get vaccinated with the chickenpox vaccine?
what is electrical cardioversion?
do i have lupus or some chronic viral infection?
my  has chronic headaches. ct scan shows .  polyps/cysts inright maxillary and sphenoid sinuses. any info?
how long after i take zantac will i begin to feel relief?
re:nutrition what are safe levels of saturated fat polyusaturated fat monousaturated fat sodium & carbohydrate. looking for a guide to safe levels of saturated fat polyunsaturated fat monounsaturated fat sodium and carbohydrates found in almost all foods for an average person  years old. they are on every label but nothing to say what is too high of safe levels for the average person.
it's been  hours since my four-month-old pooped. how worried should i be?
what causes parkinson's disease?
 weeks late. negative pregnancy test but can i still be pregnant?
my hand shakes the tremor continues and my friends and family noticed it.
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of bidil?
how is diarrhea defined?
my grandbaby got real sick  days after she got the flu mist. she has fever and throwing up. what should i do now?
what are the implications of taking mdma while i have damaged nerves in my shoulder? are there long-term side effects?
i breastfeed my baby worried that my exposure to battery acid may be harmful to me and my baby?
we had sex with a condom on and it popped and i was ovulating is there a chance i could get pregnant? . i came of the pill about  months ago and we had sex on the  of may we were wearing a condom but it broke and we didnt know until we pulled it out. i was ovulating at the time and was wondering do i have a high chance or any chance of getting pregnant? and when should i take a test?
"finger tips crack/malnutrition? . my daughter has had problems with eating disorders for at least  years. her hair is getting thin and i wondered if the cracking of her finger tips could be a sign of not enough fat in her diet. she eats only about - grams of fat per day on an average. she is  years old. periods late. she did have a healthy child  years ago but has been unable to conceive again. she doesn't binge and purge. she's '"" and about  lbs. we had her at counseling when she was a teen but nothing works."
can you tell me if zenchent and balziva are generic versions of the same type of birth control pill?
my mother  suffered a sudden memoryloss ystrday and regained after about . why might be the reason for this? . she is very stressed lately. i s ther any chance for any more memoryloss episodes?
can poison ivy rash return same place after  months? . rash returned same places on arms after  months since had first rash. . haven't been any where near any plants no pets to come in contact with poison ivy. any one ever hear of this happening?
what could cause blood in stools or vaginal bleeding two years after complete hysterectomy in  year old? . how do i get feedback? i have received nothing yet. .
i got a tattoo on my forearm and a hard lump formed under my skin. it was painful but not any longer. what is it? . the lump formed  days after i got the tattoo and it was painful to the point where i had to keep my arm elevated because if i lowered it i felt a shotting pain up my arm and tingling also. the pain went away after  days but the lump is still here after  months. what should i do and what is it?
what are consequences of stopping ibuprophen for osteoarthritis?
will a hospital help my tooth pain? . it my tooth. been taking pain pills for the past couple of days yet it seems it isn't working anymores. will a hospital take care of it?
after a bowel movement abdominal pain puts me on my knees severe nausea to the point i do vomit?
i had a disc removed ( ) pain in my lower back has never improved?
what is malaria?
"prolonged neck stiffness after accident. i fell down while mountain-biking. i went over the handlebars and hit my head and chest pretty hard. i was wearing a helmet and a chest protector and both of them had cracks as a result of the impact. the helmet strap had ""strangulated"" my neck pretty hard. ever since i have been continuously having a sensation of strangulation especially while lying down. it has been a month now and i'm having extreme anxiety about having to deal with this forever. a ct scan was normal. can some test help?"
is lidoderm patch consider a narcotic? will it show up on drug test?
i had acute myocarditis taking azythromicin worried about heart stopping side effect
how do you learn your blood type? . even though i've had my blood drawn quite a few times i don't know how you can learn what type you have. my dad says i needed blood transpered from my grandpa on his side when i was born and he's ab+ so does that make me that type or something else?
can you cough up an embolism. i have a clot in my lung and i am taking eliquis. is it even possible to cough up a clot? i was asked the question and i really don't know but i do cough up stuff. thanks
what is yellow snow?
"broke my foot  weeks ago. it turns red when i stand up. what could that mean? . wearing a special ""boot"" most of the time. this redness is the worst when i first stand up in the morning."
every once in a while i will experience tingling in every one of my fingers and my palms. what could this be? . the tingling usually lasts around  minutes to a few hours and it isnt painful just uncomfortable. my family has a history of heart disease and diabetes and i'm just making sure this isn't something related to either one of them.
what should i do if i am gaining too much weight during my pregnancy?
what are the differences between bacteria and viruses?
my left side testicle is hurting and pissing blood?
why does my wife get sexually aroused at night without stimulation? this only occurs since she's become pregnant. my wife is about one to one-and-a-half months pregnant. recently she's started waking up at night extremely sexually aroused to the point where she can't sleep at all because of sexual tension (trembling pelvis and legs). this happens without any stimulation. this has gone on pretty regularly since we found out she's pregnant ( nights out of the week). she's not had this issue before being pregnant. we're quite worried about this is it normal? how can we treat it or help her get some relief?
i have back pain for  years now and im out of breathe but my parents say im ok?
does vitamin deficiency cause twitching and tingling?
why would a doctor ask a patient to donate a unit of blood?
what are the signs and symptoms of lupus?
my  yr old has had a fever for the past  days saw a dr on the day  said it was viral. what to do since it's sun. ? . just worries me it is ranging from . -. it has even hit  we have been giving her a fever reducer and it is only slightly helping. just wondering if i should take her in to the er or just call the dr in the morning. she says her body is a little achy her stomach is upset and her head has been hurting her.
are there any fruits vegetables or other foods that contain fluoride and will substitute for dental products?
what are the treatments for ulcerative colitis?
what are the penalties for denying coverage based on pre-existing conditions?
should one get vaccinated for shingles again in  or  years as a booster provided shingles does not present itself
what treatment options are there for fracture of the spine due to osteoporosis besides morphine patches?
how important is the body mass index (bmi) rating to predict health?
possible chronic fatigue misdiagnosis? constantly exhausted and unintentional weight loss of about  in  weeks! . i have been diagnosed with chronic fatigue syndrome after a whole host of tests were done. i do not actually think that i have cfs as i do not experience any cognitive /muscle problems etc- i only suffer from debilitating fatigue! . since my discharge i have lost weight rapidly ( in  weeks which for a  old female who was about  to begin with is quite significant! ). this combined with the fact that my only cfs symptom is fatigue makes me think that i have been misdiagnosed.
can you take vitamins if you have diverticulitis? . can you take vitamins if you have diverticulitis?
genital rash. started  week in march . right side of scrotum. soon spread through entire scrotum and was very red and itched. after a month or so it moved to the right side of my penile gland. these symptoms only really bother me when wearing pants for work. then last two weeks started to itch in anus and thighs. no bumps no nothing. doctor says fungal. haven't had sex since february. no relief and all areas are still involved. multiple creams applied two from doctor and one i started a day or two ago!
what causes acne?
i have alternating irritated and bloodshot eyes?
after being attacked and suffering with a subconjunctival hemorrhage i dont know what to do?
after every meal i get a really uncomfortable bloated feeling gasy and feeling extremely tired. what may cause this? . i took a pregnancy test and am not pregnant. . i thought it was a lactose intolerance but have found that isn't it after doing a lactose free diet.
i have back pain for  years now and im out of breathe but my parents say im ok?
 month old falls hits head cries then acts sleepy eyes rollin limp not responsive rigid  time stopped breathing? . we didn't think anything of it she just started pulling up children fall.  time in a row she hits the back of her head after pulling on something and she starts to fall asleep cannot pick her head up rigid and non responsive. she stopped breathing and passed out  times. the doctors here have no idea what it could be. please throw out answers.
frequent ear aches? . i have been having frequent ear aches for a few months. i'd say on average it happens every few days. it usually happens in one ear at a time. any ideas as to what this could be?
what resources are available to brain tumor patients?
feel very depressed fingernails and toenails very brittle. hair loss. hair is kinky straw like. pale skin. insomnia. suffer from copper deficiency.
 year old daughter had reflux high temp bad stomach can it be kidney infection?
can you have arthritis pain  hours a day
when do i use an antacid versus an  blocker versus a proton pump inhibitor?
is it normal for my breasts to leak during pregnancy?
how long does it take for depo-provera to take full effect? . i did ask the question but was lead to everywhere but the answer how does that help anyone who needs the true answer? i did receive my injection after my last menstrual cycle how would i figure out when i will be protected with the smallest chance of getting pregnant. it has been  years since i was last on birth control but we just can't take the chance of my getting pregnant at this time in our lives.
if i have pcos and i get my period on a regular basis can i still get pregnant as easily as a normal woman? . my doctor diagnosed me with pcos about  month ago. i am not sure if his diagnosis was correct because he diagnosed me purely on my physical features. such as abnormal hair growth and acne. i am not overweight either. could my doctor's diagnose be incorrect? i have my menstrual period every month. my sex drive is very high as well.
how does my menstrual cycle affect my sleep?
what are the symptoms of prostate cancer?
is it ok to take aspirin and an over-the-counter cold/flu medicine together?
how long can you go without a bowel movement? . doctors define constipation as having a bowel movement less than three times per week. that doesnt mean constipation is necessarily dangerous just that its then labeled abnormal possibly needing treatment.
how do i eat right to get the best results from exercise?
what is dyslipidemia?
food with cooked wine if pregnant? . my wife is  weeks pregnant and i was cooking pot roast with bottle of wine cooked off over  hours in it. i forgot alchohol issue. is it safe or should she not eat this?
why do i get so tired after exercising? . i haven't gone out and done physical activity for about a month so i just went out for a nice and easy power walk for about  minutes. i come home and suddenly i just feel sluggish and exhausted. i don't starve myself. i eat when i'm hungry and when i need to eat. i get super tired and when i come home i just knock out. because i get so tired i don't like to exercise when i have school. it's been affecting my health and my body. i really want to exercise daily. help please <negative_smiley>
what is osteoporosis?
how does flu vaccine increase blood sugar in a diabetic? . this is for a  year old insulin dependent diabetic type . can a flu vaccine increase the blood sugar how does this happen?
pain in head neck left arm and lower back xray shows degeneration here are my mri results?
i suffer from digestive issues doctor has no answers?
what are weight-bearing exercises?
is falafel good for me?
besides surgery is there anything you can do to reduce spider veins in the legs?
what is a female condom?
"do i have ed? if not how can i keep this performance? . hello . one night i took a male enhancer from a gas station due to whiskey drunk. the next day i woke up with a hard and so has it been all week. i feel awake and more sexually active as i get aroused and steady and solid erections ever since which is great because i used to have a hard time to keep a long erection. sperm production seems to have gone up. does this mean i have some sort of ed? if so how can i keep the current stance? i smoke am about  lb '"" tall. . thank you"
i had an arm implant inserted condom broke pharmacy reassured us that i wouldnt be pregnant?
woke up with my upper left arm in pain?
what could cause constant abdominal pain above the naval and below the rib cage in the center. . at times the pain radiates to back equally on both sides.
"how accurate are doctor height predictions? . two of mymy doctors said i would be '. i am curently '"""
menstrual cycle causes cramping breast soreness enlargement but not pregnant?
can i use calamine lotion on a sympton like heat rash? . i have had a shaved head for over  years and decided to shave my head against the grain. use bump patrol afterwards as i normally do. no problem until the next day i developed what looks like heat rash as i work outside daily but i also wear a hat. never had ingrown hair problems.
family history of kidney cancer eclamptic with pregnancy now have swollen feet/ank that wont go away should i worry?
i am a  year old female and i wake up in the middle of the night pinching squeezing and scratching at my nipples. why. i sometimes wake up with scratch marks that are bleeding or bruised nipples because of this. i have tried sleeping with a sports bra on to trick my hand not to go up my shirt but it doesn't help. i have stretched bras in my sleep due to this and i have no idea why this happens.
ive had two bypass surgeries in the last two years and have eight stents. how many open heart surgeries can i have?
my  year old has diarrhea  days and just got done yesterday off amoxicillin her butt is raw can i give probiotic? . if so which probiotic is the best to give for a  year old? and at what point do i take her to the er. her pain is very bad with such a bad diaper rash that she screams when she gets her diaper changed up to  times an hour due to uncontrollable diarrhea. she also is arching her back and hard to breath due to crying so bad. poor baby.
hi i have a tooth infection and was perscribed clonamox amoxicillin. does this antibiotic effect the conterception pill
can men get bacterial vaginosis
fulkerson osteotomyis it infected?
can be pregnancy if we had anal penetration but not ejaculation? only anal penetration. mi gf has  days waiting for her period and she's stressed out thinking that a pregnancy could be possible if we only had anal penetration without semen
had surgery on my tail bone wont heel doctor said was good but its not?
what are the symptoms of congestive heart failure?
a  year old takes  norco a day_will maintenance program work do we need another treatment? he cant quit. options? . my son has been trying to stop this addiction for at least a year but cannot- and has told me he takes  pills per day! i know this is a very dangerous amount and don't know how to help him. he wanted to start a maintenance program so he won't lose his job but i am not sure that will work. does he need a monitored detox at a treatment center or hospital due to the quantity he has been taking? help!
is a whirlpool sauna or hot tub covered by medicare?
is there a blood test to see if you have shingles. burning on left side of back from shoulder to waist.
could i still be pregnant? . my boyfriends penis touched my hole but there was no penetration or ejaculation. i might have been ovulating but i don't know. i peed  minutes after it and took a shower the next night. i also took a morning-after pill  days after it happened and a test that came out negative. bit i don't know my exact period cycle and now is about the time that i am supposed to get my period and i am getting cramps that feel like its my period. could these be pregnancy cramps? could i be pregnant?
how much exercise does a woman need for weight control?
will my girlfriend be pregnant? . we had sex without condoms. i ejaculated inside her but only a small portion i ejaculated the rest when i pulled out we rely on pills actually. but she only took the normal birth control pills three days earlier. so we took an emergency contraceptive pill. will she be pregnant? her period ended dec  so ovulation is expected sometime  to  especially because her period is usually  days only. god bless! additional question: will the emergency pill work even if the woman has ovulated?
my vagina is really red and burning. the doctor did a physical exam and diagnosed it as vaginitis. . i've been on an antibiotic for a week and just finished it. i am still a virgin so not worried about stds. my symptoms have only got worse. should i go back to the doctor or are there any treatments i can try at home?
hello am  years old and i have type  i wanted to sign for a new gym which use electric vibes to improve heart pulses and fasten the process of loosing weight i wanted to know if it is dangerous for me knowing that  of this sports equals  h of normal one thanks
how to treat leiomyosarcoma and rectal cancer at the same time?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of a-?
i have a knee replacement my left leg is swollen just above the knee to the foot?
i too am on oxycodone and clonazepam pain management had a urine test positive for morphine which i've never taken.
where can i buy a house in vancouver bc? . vancouver real estate agent amalia liapis specializes in buying and selling condos homes and townhouses in vancouver downtown kitsilano yaletown coal harbour west end false creek gastown and other areas in greater vancouver. . <link>
can i be pregnant on my second week of birth control pills? . i had sex two days ago with out a condom. i have been on birth control for about two years. i never miss it or anything. last night i startd to bleed and today it i really heavy. i. am only on my second week of pills it started wendesday. im getting my pills changed next month because i have been known to have irrigualr periods but im still concerned if there is a chance i could be peregnant.
are there any specific vitamins that i can take to help with weight loss
for what conditions are cortisone injections used?
if pregnant are abortion tablets safe?
ive had my period twice in one month. i had sex right before i started the second time. is that sign i might be pregnant?
how can i learn about the types of financial aid available to help pay for health insurance? . i am not insured and do not have income and am  years old. i am not eligible for medicare.
what disorders affect the penis?
i would have dizziness headaches and an over all feeling of being un-well?
genital herpes and oral sex? . if you have oral sex with a women who has genital herpes and hasn't had any out breaks for over - years can you still be infected? and if yes do you get it in your mouth area or genital area?
does lithium prevent suicide? how about other drugs?
i was given an iv incorrectly in the er which gave me superficial thrombophlebitis?
is there a way to save money on my cosmetic procedure?
can hives be a early symptom for pregnancy. my last period was february   i ovulated sometime around last week if pregnant i'm about  weeks pregnant and my last pregnancy i experienced somewhat the same thing just wanted to know if hives could be early pregnancy symptom
do shingles make you pee blue
 year old stomach pain for  days rash off/on vomiting pale face. had urine and bloodtests came back normal. ultrasound of abdomen came back normal. was giving ibuprofen for pain but had been on it for too long monday will be two weeks and shes not getting any better. dr though it was strep and strep rash but that came back negative too. my daughter is miserable and i need advice! shes been to an urgent care center as well.
recurring bartholin gland cyst/abcess please help! is there anyway to stop these? . my first one started  years ago when i was pregnant with my sonthe doctor lanced and drained it. since june of this year it has been coming back this is the  one since june i have one currently and i am  months pregnant i had one in june after  agonizing days it tore and drained  in september that had done the same  in october the first  in october i had surgery for lancing and draining again and the second  came about  weeks after and now this is my second  in november. please help
"erectzan a viagra alternative claims their ingredients remove blockages in the arteries promoting blood flow. is it safe. ingredients: l-arginine horny goat weed korean red ginseng schizandra berry oyster extract catuaba bark cinnamon cistanche bark muira puama puncture vine gingko biloba avena sativa. ""sourced from the. united states. . southeast asia. and. south america. not only result in dramatically increasing blood flow to the penis when stimulated but also works in harmony with your body and its central nervous system unlike chemically produced male enhancement pills with. no. known adverse side effects"""
suffering with congenital myopathy -no cure -should i use corticosteroids
does soaking in epsom salts help to draw out excess lactic acid from muscles?
if my son finished his treatment for strep and i was diagnosed the next day is he susceptible to it? . my  year old son finished his amoxicillin treatment on tuesday and i was diagnosed with strep throat on wednesday. how long does the amoxicillin stay in a persons system?
dry itchy patches on my face need second doctor opinion?
should i avoid certain foods if i have ulcerative colitis?
can i be prescripted with medical cannabis? . i am  yrs old the past  months i have this pain on my lower back that goes to straight down to my foot and it really hurt and cant sleep because is uncomfortable i haven't seen a doctor because i dont want to take pills the only way i take i pills is when i have flu or cough something like that but i dont get sick very often (i live in california)
what happens when a spouse is eligible for medicare and the remaining spouse has to purchase obamacare? . this is as it relates to the cost of obamacare or a subsidy. we file our income tax return as married filing jointly.
how long does it take for a girl to get pregnant? . i had unprotected sex i took the after pill the next day. . do you think i'll still end up pregnant?
i am almost eight months pregnant with my first child. is there anything i can take or do to reduce my back pain?
when should the doctor be called for diarrhea?
very strong urge to poop but poop is stuck and won't come out at all. what should i do? help asap.  year old.  days ago i was perfectly fine. yesterday i first had a bit of fiberous diarrhea followed by extreme sudden stomach pain primarily on left side. got better with pepto bismol but then got constipated. drank a lot of water and took fiber supplement which didn't help. only a little piece of poop came out. today is the second day and poop is so hard and stuck. i really want to poop but it hurt and felt like i gonna faint i drank sooo much water and fiber if i go  doc what will he do?
will cortisone injection in the knee muscle spike bloodsugar?
do i have lupus or some chronic viral infection?
what if is it still draining after  months and  different scripts from  diff doctors? . i had a stye that ruptured  months ago. it is still draining enough so that my eye is matted up upon waking and i wipe my eyes constantly. what do i need to do to clear this up? i have seen  docs that have prescribed something different each time nothing has worked.
i have been getting really sever rib pains on both side and front and back?
what does genital herpes look like?
low resting heart rate can it be a secondary adrenal insufficiency if not what is cause?
what is this hard ball in my earlobe? . this ear has been pierce for at lest  years but just recently i noticed this small hard ball in my earlobe. you can't really notice it but it hurts when i touch it. you can't feel it other wise. what is happening?
i have contact dermatitis. is there an over-the-counter ointment that i could buy to help heal this up?
how can i prevent a flare of lupus?
why am i given neurontin for a stretched muscle is it not for nerve pain only? . my dr told me this muscle will never heal in my shoulder blade so i must continue to do exercises to stop muscle from further damage. i do not have nerve pain so is there any other meds i can take. i was taking percocet for over a year every  to . dr says now i have to learn to live with this pain and go to pain management classes. neurontin is not helping when the pain becomes severe i go to hospital or leave work when pain becomes umbearable. please help.
 &  year old got double vaccines.  they got first set  they gave gave dtap hep a mmr ipv again will they be ok. i am already hesitant with vaccines now i'm really worried! the nurse said they were all listed on the state website and even when i argued they had all shots she said they needed them. now i'm not sure what side effects or what this will do to there bodies?
fbs is   pp is - they want me to take glyberide .  at hs. is this safe? . last trimester edc /<negative_smiley>.
can a sinus infection cause pain in the back of the skull. i have had this infection for three to four weeks now. due to the holidays i didn't get to see a doctor until last week. he said there was a sinus infection and some inflammation and prescribed an antibiotic and a steroid dose pack. the pain is on the left side behind the ear. it hurts sharply when i bend over or stretch forward. at first i thought i pulled a muscle in my neck while working out doing shrugs but the pain won't go away. gland inflammation or pulled muscle?
i had a minor heart attack/myocardial infarction?
could my sister be schizophrenic? . last year my sister was diagnosed with bipolar disorder. she started taking lithium and was acting more normal for a while. however she has started acting crazy again. she lies about everything thinks she's psychic takes everything someone says about themselves and applies it to herself and thinks everyone is out to get her. right now she won't drink water bc she thinks the fbi is trying to poison her. do you think she could have been misdiagnosed? and if yes what should i do?
how many years apart could one get the menactra/ vaccine? is it safe to get two doses in less than  years? . my daughter got the  vaccine on / (at  years old). she'll be starting college in fall  and the university requires that in order to stay at the dorm she needs to have the vaccine again because she needed to have the vaccine when she was  years old. this means that she will need to have another  vaccine now. we are concerned because she will have two doses in less than  years the  one on / and the  one on /. is this safe? please advise! thank you
my friend says flu shots contain toxins; she doesn't get an annual shot. i get one every year. who's crazy? . i researched the mercury in thimersol; fda is going to discontinue it but it you get a single dose shot there is no thimersol in it. some of the toxins she thinks are in flu shots are:. aluminum. mercury. triton x-. phenol. ethylene glycol. betapropiolactone. nonoxynol. octoxinol . sodium phosphate
how long does it take to develop a resistance to an antibiotic?
i had a ct scan for my lung doctor and was told they seen a mass on the left side of my breast what could this be? . i am a  year old women if this is any help to you.
ive had watery glassy eyes for almost a year nowwhat is the cause?
shortness of breath? admitted for acute myocardial infarction?
my doctor says i should lose weight. is it safe to take slimquick with plavix metoprolol cymbalta ativan & lipitor? . i am perimenopausal and gaining weight. i have high blood pressure heart disease and depression.
my aunt steals pain killers and she is bipolar. does bipolar cause her to steal? . she is in her mid to late fourties. she claims she dosent steal pain killers but we have all seen her do it. now her sister claims that she steals the pain killers due to her being bipolar. i am wondering if this is in fact true or that her sister is just denying it to herself. which in turn is not able to get her the help she needs.
can i predict my child's height?
does taking cranberry pills dry out boils
why is vitamin d good for me?
what is toxoplasmosis?
can you offer some help? . i am  and my grandpa has a heart attack at age  and died of stroke at . he was a smoker and was overweight. now i am afraid every second that i may be having stroke. i always smile in the mirr on to see if my face is drooping. i always hold my hands together. every time i get numbness i am freaked out. and i check my speech out. this is very annoying. could you offer some reassurance. i am at a healthy weight and exercise.
what is going on when i have a cold and blow my nose fluid comes out of my left eye tear duct?
what is dyspnea?
what is chronic hepatitis c?
does frontal lobe dysfunction affect my lifespan or likelihood of getting alzheimers or dementia?
after losing  pounds i've gained back  and always feel hungry. what food can help suppress my appetite?
"i just got diagnosed w/herpes type  in my genital area. should i now avoid sex with my partner to avoid getting type ? . we have been sexually active for  months but i understand one of us probably had herpes from before that. i am just confused about the difference between type  and type . my doctor said my genital region (vaginal) was infected with type . but now i guess that would be called ""genital herpes"". so do i have type ? or does he? i am tested annually for everything and have never been positive for either type. and i don't know how serious this diagnosis is or if i should avoid sex with him."
what should i do if i need more help to quit smoking?
can osteoarthritis be prevented?
how is having a $ health care deductible better? . since the aca i now have a $ deductible for medical care and $ deductible for prescriptions. in effect i pay $ a month for insurance that does not pay for anything. i will not meet those deductibles within  months unless something catastrophic happens (and i cant afford that). i fail to see how this is improving health care in america. all it has done is ensure people go to the doctor less frequently even if they need care and and that they don't get the medications they need.
i am bleeding constantly after depo-provera birth control shot?
"how likely am i to get pregnant if i had unprotected sex twice on my ""high fertile"" days. i was on extended cycle pill for about a year and have now been off it since september   and have had  what seem to have been regular periods. on / and / my bf and i had unprotected sex which according to the web md ovulation calculator those were two high fertile days when would be an accurate time to take a pregnancy test and is it possible that i still have a period this month and still be pregnant?"
how quickly can one get diarrhea after eating? . my spouse says that if i have diarrhea i should try to recall what i ate the day before. i think one can get diarrhea the same day within hours or even minutes after eating something that doesn't agree with me. thank you!
i had a snowboarding accident im always either in pain or dull and achy- am i cursed?
i accidently burnt my aluminium pot containing  on gas i clean it but it has a purple shine. is it safe to use now. i forgot to switch off the gas stove on which i left water boiling in an aliminium or steel pot(not sure of wch metal it exactly is) pot for - minutes and when i entered kitchen it was full of smoke. i cleaned the pot and black spots got removed but there is slight purple shine at the bottom. is it safe to use that burnt pot now for cooking/boiling etc.
why do i get pain in the elbow area after lifting weights? . i am  year old female. i take care of my two year old grandson two days a week. while he is here i pick him up constantly and play with him but for two or three days after that i hurt in the elbow area. it hurts where the muscle meets the joint. is this normal for my age and what can i do to stop it?
physical therapy exercises for a rotator cuff injury. i have diagnosed myself with a rotator cuff injury. i have been resting it (for about - months now) hoping it would start feeling better but it hasn't. it doesn't bother me in most day-to-day activities (mostly when showering when i reach for my other arm to wash it and i can't sleep very well on my right side). i'm wondering if someone could recommend some exercises i could do to strengthen my shoulder. thanks!
my husband is  and has annual gross income of $ . i'm  and unemployed. our son is a student at age . we both have no health insurance but we pay $/month for our son. our overall health status is good. my husband has asthma and uses and inhaler but is very stable. i take one generic medicine for depression. we all see our doctor once a year for a routine check up. is it wise to cancel my son's insurance and include him with us instead?
im late with soar boobs but negative pregnancy test. . my breast hurt for  weeks and i took to pt
how can i help my stepson who has been diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia and is smoking and drinking?
are eating carrots bad for people who are at-risk for macular degeneration? . my eye doctors have told me that i should stay away from eating carrots since there is a long history of macular degeneration in my family. almost everyone on my mothers side has had one kind or the other. is there any truth that eating carrots could be bad for you? i like to eat carrots but i am not a nut about eating them. i may have a several small ones with dinner now and again but that's it. thanks for your time
while taking amoxicillin trihydrate can i drink?
i am (suffering) pain on left side of my chest?
my daughter told me she has some discomfort right before peeing. she said when she wipes she also sees a little blood.
who is at risk for getting a cre infection?
my daughter is  and is in sever pain. what kinds of questions should i be asking before seeking medical attn.
does nystatin   also kill stomach yeast? . checking to see if it's all over benefit or only oral
is neomycin a penicillian form antibiotic? . is neomycin an antibiotic of the penicillian family?
i put an ear drop antibiotic in the wrong ear last night. what should i do? should i continue the dose on the wrong ear? . i've been prescribed with an ear drop antibiotic for my right ear outer infection but when i was waking up and trying to apply my first dose of the day i put it in the wrong ear (left). i was half asleep at that time and when i woke up i just realized it's the other ear. should i continue doing the dose on the left or should i leave it alone? . (of course i would still continue doing the doses on right). is it dangerous if i use the antibiotic ear drop on both ears?
" yr male '""  abdominal pain after eating on right side front and back vomiting nausea gas bloating cramps. weight gain in the excess of + pound unintentionally vomiting constipation diarrhea severe gas acid reflux even while on medication. symptoms get worse with eating and drinking feeling of bloated fullness with loss of appetite and lethargy. i believe my husband is exhibiting symptoms that involve either his liver or gallbladder possibly ibs but not sure. current doctor does not feel the need to look into the issues over the counter meds have not helped. just looking for some ideas."
will i be able to add my granddaughter to my health insurance plan? she is  in college and is my dependent.
is a dog's saliva dangerous to infants?
i think i have a uti but my doctor won't treat me. i went to the doctor a few months ago cause i felt like i had a uti. she ran the tests and told me that i had a lot of protein in my urine but wanted to run blood tests. went back about a week later to follow up. she didn't treat me the  time but told me that it might be lupus. she had me do the blood tests and i had to wait another few weeks for the results and it turns out it was not lupus she still didnt treat me. is there something i can do to get rid of the uti for the time being?
is it ok to drink sodas while taking/on birth control?
after staph infection i have been getting pressure and sharp or dull throbbing pain in my upper left leg?
we are in the jungles of equatorial new guinea and developed open sores and swollen legs?
how is a baker's cyst treated?
how long is a tetanus shot good for? . last tetanus shot was in aug. . the reason for the inquiry is i scraped my finger didnt bleed on a shelf at a hy vee food store. is the tetanus shot good for  years or do i need to immediately go and get one now as today is  hours after incident. the wound is a small scratch like you would get from a cat. or am i covered until this august which would be  years?
what exercises should i do after knee arthroscopy
can you take amlodipine and exforge together?
shortness of breath lump sensation in throat difficulty swallowing  yo girl.  months ago shortness of breath started then fever chest pain sore throat few days after. the f/cp/st stopped a few days later. soon after i got a feeling of a lump in my throat but could still swallow easily. lump stayed for a few weeks then went away for a bit but came back again a few weeks ago + a constant weird gurgling feeling in my throat. the shortness of breath remains consistent. sometimes it's difficult + painful to swallow. what could this be? i haven't been sick since then.
what is an antioxidant related to heart disease?
is it bad for you to take medication that does not relate to your symptoms? . for example day quil severe cold and flu has acetaminophen (pain reliever/fever reducer) dextromethorphan hbr (cough suppressant) guaifenesin (expectorant) and phenylephrine hcl (nasal decongestant). to reiterate my question would it be harmful to take this if you really only need the expectorant suppressant and decongestant (or some other combination) to treat your symptoms?
as a teen what time of day should i exercise?
smelly black tar looking feces for  days now. i have nausea and upper abdominal pain. smelly black tar looking feces im hungry but can hardly eat. scared to death to go to er i have no insurance and my last time in hospital i ended up having many complications had to have  blood transfusions. . will it hurt me to wait? what should i do
i had an acute ebv antibody test done and my results were all negative
what will fix a headache and fever for someone on blood pressure medicine?
i swallowed a bing cherry seed should i do anything special or let nature take its course? . i swallowed a bing cherry seed do i do anything special or let nature take its course?
i am a woman who had a one night stand with only oral sex. if he had an std can i get it from just receiving oral sex?
diabetic man had leg injury antibiotics not working?
tb tests should be done how often. i had a tb test as a child in  i need proof of a tb test for department of education employment will i be required to get another one?
i am  and masturbating thrice a week any problem can hit me i'm married
"is drinking distilled water good or bad for you? . is buying and drinking distilled water ok? . . some say is ""sucks"" the nurtrients out of your body. . others say it is pure water so it is good for your body. . which is it? . . tsg"
can vitamins or supplements help bradycardia? i have bradycardia from exercising. thanks. detected through annual physical exam. low heart rate exercise stress test.
"my  week old granddaughter does not eat well or sleep well. however she smiles widely when spoken too. i saw an episode on mystery diagnosis that seems similar to her. it was a while ago and i didn't think much of it but i remember them saying the first clue was the ""happy infant' that they were very young and it ended up being a rare and i believe neurological disease. she does also have problems with her kidney tubes not developed fully and the ped. was concerned she was not gaining enough weight in the proper time frame. i cant find the episode to find the name of the disease. can u help?"
how does chlamydia in pregnancy cause a miscarriage? . i have recently had a chlamydia test but don't get my results back for a week and a half. i've seen all over the internet that chlamydia can cause miscarriage and i'm worried sick in case something happens. i was wondering how it actually causes miscarriage though as i thought the mucus plug was supposed to stop infections spreading?
what is anemia?
how can i make a healthy breakfast ahead of time?
diffuse large b cell lymphoma – primary mediastima : abnormal non mass like circumferential mucosal hyperdensity present
i have recently been declared disabled i have not slept over  or  hours at night doc says no lorazapm?
does using monisat  delay your period
how soon are you able to take a pregnancy test after unprotected sex. i had unprotected sex on /. started ovulating on the  according to my fertility app took a plan b pill on the . just noticed a dark line on my belly on /.
i had some postive and some negative pregnancy test and now am spotting. can i be pregnant. i took quite a few pregnancy test that came out positive and  that were negative. my period was not on time but now i am spotting. the blood is light pink. could i be pregnant or miscarrying
what citrus fruits in addition to naval oranges and grapefruit should i add to my diet?
is liquid or powder makeup better for your skin?
my mom is suffering a head pain in the back of her head?
bumps in my throat could it be laryngitis an std or throat cancer?
rash behind my ears spread to neck and face is this more then just an allergic reaction?
my  year old is taking antibiotics for tooth decay he also is scheduled for his vaccination. is it safe to mix both?
what to eat and not to eat for viral pharyngitis for kid of .  years age?
do i have lupus or some chronic viral infection?
blood tests done for rheumatoid arthritis positive or normal?
i have mitral valve prolapse and minimal tricuspid regurgitation. will taking adderall for add hurt my heart?
what are the signs and symptoms of bedbug bites?
my friend has red bumps all over her chest and now it has spread to her arms and face. some of them get white heads and she pops them and they just bleed alot.
stabbing feeling in upper buttock is it sciatica?
does a person get a high from capsule medical marijuana? does it dull pain or just make the pain tolerable? . could this help a  year old who is in severe pain from spinal stenosis and arthritis? does it really have any long term effects on memory?
i had my tubes tied and also had an ablation. how would i know if i become pregnant?
am i suffering from achalasia or gerd?
how often should i exfoliate my face?
does hair normally turn gray starting at the scalp or can it change midway down the strand?
is a colonoscopy screeing for looking at a liver. my primary care doctor wants to do a colonoscopy screening for some lesions on my liver. is that one of the procedure for looking at the liver?
is a chiropractor required by malpractice law to keep doing scans? . i have gone to the chiropractor once a week it is all that i can afford they want me to go three times a week and they do not take insurance. they insist that i need to have scans done again because of malpractice insurance laws. i was told that if i did not get the scans done i would not be able to get adjusted there anymore. is this in fact a chiropractic malpractice law or is it just for the money? . thank you
is cadaver wart a type of wart that actually develops from touching a corpse?
i was diagnosed with shingles with no oubreak. i am still in alot of pain. it's been  mos how much longer w/pain? . i have had an mri blood work and was on valtrex  days after pain started and never had an outbreak. i am on gabapentin and don't think it is helping but am taking it anyway. ice helps and is soothing. how much longer am i going to endure this pain? it's excruciating stabbing itching burning all on the left side. please help!
how far back can i get my prescription history?
i get sharp headaches spells of light-headedness and dizziness fevers on and off?
i am retired. i also have a pre-existing condition (diabetes). as a retiree i am offered the option to buy retiree insurance and i currently have that. it is $  a year and climbing % per year. i will no longer be able to afford it as my company does not contribute a single penny to this plan. can i switch to the exchange program and/or can i buy my own insurance as an individual now that companies cannot turn me down?
i have back pain with red spotty rashes?
what vitamins help migraines?
i really want lose weight but everytime i try i lose nothing. i am  years old and i weigh . my goal is to be . please give honest and true answers
what if i remove easypod from my skin during an injection?
who gets walking pneumonia and how is it spread?
"i currently have health insurance through my employer. to add my husband and child it would be over $  a month since my employer only covers my portion of the insurance. from what i've heard we would fall into the ""family penalty"" group and would not qualify for a subsidy since it would be considered affordable due to my insurance cost and not the family insurance cost. are there any options for us and would we still be able to shop in the marketplace even with the ""family penalty""?"
i had facial paralysis  years ago?
why do alcoholics have night sweats? . im an alcoholic and have night sweats. what purpose does it serve the body to have night sweats. normally sweating is a response the body has in order to cool off. when i have night sweats i go between cold and hot and by body is sweating everywhere even my ankles. it's so profuse that it soaks my sheets my clothes my pillow. sometimes i wake up with pickled fingers. what does the body do this in response to alcohol?
how can your health be effected by computers
help i washed a pair of underware in heavy scented bodywash i now have tingling and clear discharge
what can i do to help the burning and itching that comes with a yeast infection? . i am  and i think i have a yeast infection. i've never had one so i described the symptoms to my mom (redness itching burning and a discharge). she said we have to go see the doctor but they didn't have appointments until next week. she gave me so monistat to aid me for now but it only made it worse. my question is what can i do to fight the infection until i see my doctor? i have a cold compress on the area and it helped a lot but i want the itchiness to stop altogether.
why do i feel a burning sensation in my mouth when i have oral sex with my girlfriend? . when my girlfriend and i started dating we were both virgins. when we have oral sex i feel a burning sensation in my mouth that really hurts. this has only happened the last two times we participated in this sexual act. i have had oral sex with her numerous times in the past. her vagina smells different but not bad. both her and i have noticed the change in smell. we have only been sexually active for about - months she feels no itching or burning on her side
i underwent cardiac ablation for tachycardia i now have episodes of heart vibrating?
since i have inflammatory bowel disease (ibd) do i have a higher chance of getting colon cancer?
an individual unknowingly have chlamydia and is not treated what are the chances they will have encephalitis?
how long should i wait to drink alcohol after i'm done with taking penicillin for group b strep?
i have been having a lot of pelvic pain over the last . i have had two c-sections and have pcos?
is having on and off blury vision a sign of type  diabetes? i know blury is but i am not sure about this. i currenty am diengnosed with metabolic syndrome and recently been batteling a bad virus but have also been experiencing some signs of type  diabetes does having a virus increase these signs of happening?
dr moser you don't understand. i asked if few splashes of fluid are dangerous. usually they might happen more than once.
is  effective in shingles treatment. does  vitamin help with shingles?
how does the aca affect u. s. citizens living overseas?
what steps can a man take to ensure that their girlfriend does not get a yeast infection? . my girlfriend and i have recently started having sex and shortly after the first time we had sex her vulva began itching. we are using a completely organic lubricant and are practicing safe sex. both of us were tested prior to having sex and neither of us had any red flags. i want sex to be fun clean and infection free. what steps can i take as a man to ensure that i don't inadvertently cause her to have a yeast infection. i am aware of the causes i cant find any thing men can do to.
what could be atypical symptoms of adult onset stills disease? . i am being worked up for recurring low grade fevers. i know that high fevers are usually a typical sign of this disease but i have several other signs. my blood was all normal on the /<negative_smiley> my esr was borderline normal but the rest was fine. i wasn't having one of my monthly episodes at the time though. every - weeks i wake up with a low grade fever (. -) that doesn't really respond to otc meds i have rashes and body aches and i generally just feel like crap all the time.
my husband currently has shingles how can i prevent myself and  year old from getting it?
what conditions does infant's ibuprofen treat?
i am a hairdresser and the last  months i am experiencing painful legs constant pain?
"does drinking gatorade work just as well as water when thinning mucus? . my boyfriend has a cough. his rule when i was sick was ""every time you cough take a drink. "" i usually had water but he wants something with more flavor and basically refuses to drink regular water. we've been getting gatorade tea powerade etc. but never just water. do the other drinks work just as well as water does when trying to thin the mucus? or is there no effect when drinking anything but water?"
i believe i have a uti i have doxycycline hyclate  mg tabs at home. can i take them for that.
what doctor should i see or what do you thinks wrong? . i was prescribed amitriptyline  months ago for vulvodynia. my doctor recently weaned me off the medication due to side effects and have been off of it for three weeks. since stopping the medication i have been experiencing headaches arm and leg pain right eye twitching pressure on the top of the head lower face tingling constant fatigue and the vaginal pain returned. what could all this mean?
is xeomin as effective as botox or dysport for reducing the appearance of wrinkles?
can i be pregnant? . my period started on october  and ended on october . i had unprotected sex on the . i have on average a  day cycle and according to an ovulation chart my fertility days started on the  with ovulation on the . on the  i had very thick creamy white discharge ( my panties were very wet and i dont recall a similar sensation in the past) which lasted until today the  ( although yesterday and today it was more runny). what are the possibilities of being pregnant?
i contracted a spinal infection and  operations later i have been left with a damaged spine?
can dentists treat the elderly if they have moderate dementia?
my  yr old daughter hit her chin on her chest during gymnastics saturday. . my  year old daughter hit her chin on her chest saturday during gymnastics. now she is complaining that her chest/arms hurt and she is having difficulty catching her breath. any ideas on what this could be? there is no bruising on her chest or chin. no fever headaches etc. thank you very much for the help!
did thyroid test – do i have hashimotos disease?
will niacin raise blood sugar?
missed pills at end of  week. started period on monday. waited til next sunday to start new pack. can i get pregnant? . missed  pills april - period started monday april  ended . started new pack sunday april . unsafe sex on april . is there a way i could have gotten pregnant. if so when can i take a test?
my mother has fibroid gynecologist suggested removal of vagina need second opinion?
is it safe to take over-the-counter cold medicine for multiple symptoms along with dextromethorphan for a severe cough?
had staph infection for about  days. with bactrim ds swelling is all but gone but still pink around scab. ideas? . i've had a staph infection for about  days. with bactrim ds swelling is all but gone but it's still pink and occasionally stings at scab. ideas? using an antiseptic wash morning and night and neosporin topically. one day's antibiotic left. do you think it's going to get better?
my daughter has a ring around her iris is it a kayser-freischer ring?
what will fix a headache and fever for someone on blood pressure medicine?
my current health insurance plan in new york is being cancelled as of december . . i read in the newspaper that the federal government has passed a law that requires health insurance companies to continue current health insurance plans. is this true?
im experiencing symptoms of sciatica/piriformus spasm how to reduce the pain so i can at least walk?
i began to have pain in my left hip across my stomach and in my left groin?
please help! my grandmother has been in the hospital for  days already and they cant find whats wrong with her. sos. someone please help! my grandmother has been in the hospital for  days and the doctors cant fine anything! she has a couple things going but they are being treated we have been trying to stay positive but we are starting to feel helpless! is there anything else we can be doing asking more questions demanding results? she feels sluggish but has strength no loss of appetite but very tired. they've done all kinds of test but nothing now they think its an autoimmune disease! please help
sometimes i wake up at night unable to breathe with a nasty taste of bile and it takes a minute before i can breathe
nstrual cramps can i take pamprin and motrin together?
what is the cause of excessive salvia? it just suddenly started and now i have to spit all the time.
what are the best foods to stock in my pantry?
in addition to changing my exercise routine what kind of diet should i maintain to get a slimmer physique?
i am a retired  male and i am a us resident since //. i do not have insurance. what i should do? . i am in a general good healthy situation. no children to support.
can i be pregnant on my second week of birth control pills? . i had sex two days ago with out a condom. i have been on birth control for about two years. i never miss it or anything. last night i startd to bleed and today it i really heavy. i. am only on my second week of pills it started wendesday. im getting my pills changed next month because i have been known to have irrigualr periods but im still concerned if there is a chance i could be peregnant.
why is there blood in my spit when i clear my throat. my wife woke up this morning and when she cleared her throat and spit it out there was blood in it. she has been feeling kinda crummy lately and her throat has been feeling kinda scratchy. what could this be?
every time the rubber bands on my braces are tightened my teeth ache. is there anything i can do to prevent this?
will penicillin kill fungus in fat folds?
i am thinking to have varicocele surgery would it help?
does the pertussis vaccination make you contagious? . i will be getting the tdap vaccine. can i be contagious to my  old grandson. we will be visiting them in  days.
am i pregnant? i have been having cramping nausea headaches food cravings and constipation.
my left leg is thinner than right. and it ankle can't bend like ordinary person also my toe. my left leg is thinner than right. and it ankle can't bend like ordinary person also my toe. i play martial arts but my leg give me trouble while kicking and it not flexible although i made flexible exercise. plase give me some way to solve this problem. doctor from my country told me there has no country can't give treatment for this problem. it does real? i really worry a bout that sir plz give me advice what should i do?
is auxilary yeast infection contagious? can it spread to other people? . my sister has a rash under her armpits and the group home she lives in told her she is highly contagious now is all upset. so i'm wondering how this could spread to other people. my sister is obese and special needs so she has a hard time taking care of her self. they think the reason is her obesity and not drying off after a shower. . please help thank-you
i had important surgery to remove appendix may have intestinal adhesion problem need second opinion before surgery?
i am a virgin so how can i have chlamydia?
can ebola virus be transmitted by sexual intercrouse
i found a bump inside my vagina. it is about  inches up lumpy and the size of a nickel. it doesnt hurt. what is it?
can someone help shed some light w/ my eeg results? i can't see neuro until jan. scared. help please! . can anyone help explain eeg impression? . not looking for a diagnosis by random ppl on the internet obviously i will leave that up to my neuro. i just want to know wth i'm reading. i can send impression results via email. i am desperate. i was already diagnose with epilepsy in  and afraid it may be a drug resistant epilepsy judging by findings and google searched. help! i can't believe neuro can't ease my mind just a tad by talking over the phone.
my urine test shows leukocytes   erythrocytes and i had some epithelial cells?
my granddaughter is  weighs  lbs. and is '' should she take adult or children dosages of medications. too hi a dose with having a liver that is only  yr old
what is micrographia related to parkinson's disease?
ive been having some trouble breathing through my nose?
who is affected by epilepsy?
what is hepatitis?
"will kissing/making out cause a sore throat? . i'm  and pretty healthy. tonight i ""made out"" with a guy for the first time a lot lol. i'm pretty positive he'll be staying in my life. but could us kissing have caused me having a sore/scratchy throat? it basically happened while we were kissing and is still irritated afterwards. he's healthy and so aren't i. what can i do to stop this from happening in the future? and how long should this last?"
if i've been on the pill for at least four years is it okay to not use a condom? we've only been with each other ever. i've never ever let him get off inside me because i am so afraid i'll be that %. there has been times i've missed pills or been late taking them but i usually do fine. i take them as soon as i wake up.
can i get worms from sushi? . if people can get worms from sushi will they die on their own or do you need treatment?
is there any effective things us can do to relieve pain of herpes outbreak until i can go to doctors ( days)? . i'm in greece at the moment and all i have with me is paracetamol which hasn't really been working. this is the  day of symptoms and i will be home in  days and can go to doctors then! i just need to know if there's anything that can be done to help to. thanks x
 old son had a fever for  days. used ibuprofen & it's now gone but he is constantly fussy which is not his norm? . a week ago my son had a fever when i got home from work. we used acetamenophen and ibuprofen to treat it. had more success with the ibuprofen. during the  days he had his fever he was miserable. didn't eat well or sleep well which is to be expected. now the fever is gone and he is still miserable. . . we returned to the md to see if he had something going on like & ear infection & were told he is fine. . . before this he was my happy little guy &now he is miserable and fussy no matter what we do.
my son is burning up and lethargic. what could this be? . he is so hot his clothes get hot and the cool rag i use on his head gets so hot its like i ran it under hot water. he usually doesnt go to bed until  to : and wakes up around  am but last night he slept from  until  this morning. this is very unusual. his appetite has also gone down and i find he wont even eat his favorite foods. i took him to the er  weeks ago and they said he had a viral infection. could these issues be a result of that? should i take him back to the doctor?
should i change my primary doctor if he is not giving me pain medicine for my ra? he's not helping & always says no! . my mother was diagnosed with ra in late july and since then she has been treated with prednisone & methotrexate. no improvements. the prednisone was at  mg and was then lowered to . her primary doctor does not want to prescribe her any other pain medication besides tramadol but it doesnt help. we have been to the arthritis. org website & we have found that her primary doctor could prescribe her narcotics but he refuses too. what can she do? should she change her doctor to get better treatment?
ive been diagnosed with anemia?
"what are ways to achieve multiple sexual orgasms in a  hour period for men? . my wife and i are trying to get pregnant again after  years since our first child passed away after  days. i seem to have this problem of getting off inside of her but then not being able to go again soon after that. it seems to take a while before i have ""reloaded"". first off am i even correct in saying that it takes a while to reload with sperm?  if so are there things i can do to decrease the time between sexual encounters and still ejaculate in her?"
what causes prostate cancer?
after vomitting and horrible diarrhea i am still nauseas dizzy and very weak  days later why? how can i fix this? . i had food poisoning after a day i thought i was done. the next day i felt extremely faint dizzy weak couldn't barley stand and quite nauseas again. and i woke up this morning all the same symptoms. but at least i am keeping food down. so why am i feeling like this still? how can i counteract the weakness and dizziness? i have so much to get done i need a band-aid for at least a few hours of normalcy to get stuff done.
i have been bleeding heavy for over a month and i am very tired and in pain; i also have blood in my stool. what to do? . i feel tired and drained an sleepy all day. i don't want to do anything but sleep all day. i have heavy bleeding. pain all over. pain on the right side. passing blood clothes that hurt and blood in the stool. i need help. i also miscarried a baby last month.
why do i faint or nearly faint after taking a shower?
hi um  years old and i have been trying to get pregnant for almolst  years
can i take metamucil with naproxen?
can poison ivy spread from sweat
i'm  years old and in fairly good health. should i have a pneumonia shot every year?
what is benign prostatic hyperplasia (bph)?
when drinking coffee how long does it take to get to the intestine after consumption?
could i be pregnant? . okay so on my first day of fertilization i had protected sex. he said he came in the condom though. i don't know if i'm just freaking out but my stomach has felt bloated and i have been tired. i'm probably just scaring myself but is it possible i'm pregnant? i'm just nervous because i was fertile.
what are the long term side effects of depo provera? . i used depo provera as birth control for several years now. i started when i was  and love that i have no period. i stopped for about a year and tried the patch which i didn't care for. when i got back on the depo i gained a bit of weight. my symptoms include fatigue muscle soreness and weakness high blood pressure and weight control issues. most of the fat is around my waist i believe the hormonal cycle may be effecting my health a lot and need to know my other options. (now )
is xanax safe to take for anxiety while on methadone
i tried cocaine a week ago and i never used it. i am supposed to take a saliva drug test in  days. will it detect it? . i also tried marijuana the same day. i don't know if i should be worried or not. i don't do any other drugs besides what i'm prescribed by my doctor recently.
i have a sore throat but no fever and i don't have strep. what's wrong? what can i do to heal my throat? . i have already taken a strep test and i do not have strep. i am in extreme pain when i eat and whenever i swallow.
doc perscribed neosporin for minor eye infection though labelling says not to use in eyes. what ingredient poses risk?
"what is an left adnexal cyst. i had some tests done & one the results it says "" left adnexal cyst measuring up to .  mm"". what does this mean? is it dangerous? does this require surgery of some sort? thank you"
i am  and have very sensitive skin. is it too early to start using age-defying products?
is it safe to take   mg of seroquel with  mg of zoloft? . i originally take  mg of seroquel and  mg of zoloft but they told me i could take  mg of zoloft if i needed too today my depression and anxiety got so bad that i feel like i need  and i cant sleep so i wanna increase my seroquel to  mg cause  isnt letting me sleep but my question is is it safe? im  years old and i weight  lbs
what to do if my child age three has hemriods
contraction of the jaw tightening of the skin cannot walk and confined to bed?
i now am going for robotic surgery had hysterectomy almost a year ago?
can i swim in a pool with hemorrhoids?
can  short term insurance plans still deny paying for pre existing conditions?
what causes epilepsy?
how old is time for tummy time?
how do male condoms prevent sexually transmitted diseases?
is it safe to add cayenne pepper to hot water and drink it?
white growths inside my vagina. they are small painless i can pull them off look like skin tags. are they warts?
what is a caf-nap?
can flu vaccines cause canceri. i am taking megace for endometrial stromal sarcoma and warfarin for pulmonary embolisms. will this years flu vaccine or pneumonia vaccine interact with my medications? are there any components of these vaccines linked to cancer?
i underwent a lung lobectomy now the left side of my body is always cold?
on medicaid would i be affected?
opened small sabaceous cyst under breast. on amoxicillin for  days. not workings. any better anitbiotic for pus? . . no fever. i've kept a bandaid on it. not sure if area red from that or infection. haven't been wearing the bra.
i seem to have had an alergic reation to hair color. my scalp is red and burning. what can i do to relieve this?
my nose is bleeding and eyes are bloodshot red and i cant taste my food?
i had terrible tooth and gum pain on the right side of my mouth with both upper and lower teeth? dentist doesnt see anything wrong?
my daughter has severe itching in her hands and feet primarily at night. she cannot sleep. what could be the issue? . two days ago her doctor gave her a steroid shot and xyzal tablets. they do not seem to work. we have also given her  advil pm -- they do not help her sleep. she has missed six days of school as she only finally falls asleep at  a. m.
what can tender breast and light cramping and spotting mean? . i am on birth control nuvaring i've been on it for two years and have never felt like this i had unprotected sex a few weeks ago i have been using my ring properly. i am a little overweight could that make my ring less effective could i be pregnant or is it something else going on. my spotting is pink with lite cramping it's been like this for a few days on and off. now my breast have become tender to the touch.
when i shower i break out in red bumps across my chest abdomen shoulders and back?
herpes simplex. my mother recently found out she gets herpes simplex on her face it's usually a small patch that itches you can barely tell. i now have an itchy path about an inch from my bikini line on my inner thigh it was extrememly itchy (thought it was poison ivy) but then it had raised bumps scabbed over and now it's back to itching. could i have herpes simplex from her? or could i have sexual contracted it?
removed mirena started birth control pills same day. had unprotected sex  days later. at risk for pregnancy?
is liposuction covered by insurance?
incision sight pain a yr after hysterectomy. the pain and soreness is related to the incision/scar and the abdominal muscles bellow. it's worse after sex or exercise.
i was diagnosed with diabetes shouldnt my doctor suggest metformin?
is it possible to dilate even if u havent lost ur mucus plug? i dont even know if i have or not. i have been having contraction that get slightly worse as the weeks go on and i can tell the baby is moving down but im not sure if ive lost my mucus plug or not or even if u have to lose it to start dilating. i'm  weeks pregnant.
im a nurse who works late-night shifts. is long-term sleep deprivation harmful?
fertility. i had two tubal pregnancies one they went thru belly bottom this last one i had staples with invitro can i have a babir still and do i produce eggs stil
"neither my husband nor myself drink or smoke. yet we have heard via the media that our health insurance premiums are going to be higher to cover those who do drink and smoke simply because my husband and i both work. how is that fair? i realize it's called the ""affordable care act "" but those who choose to make bad lifestyle choices should have to pay more for insurance than those of us who make good health decisions."
what is orthostatic hypotension?
is dettol good for douching and enema. i have being bleeding for a few month after a miscarriage? . went to md was exam by midwife with a metal. next day start bleeding. i told her i may be pregnant n it is too early to have a test she say i am not n i should have an internal exam  month now since then i am bleeding like having my period and for the first few week with was clout blood and still spotting. pass exam show i'm % healthy. mom say use dettol and warm water in a douche and enema? lots more clot blood came out the blood color now is just red where as it use to be dark and brown.
i woke up with double vision extreme dizzy spells aneurysm in the family?
when running i get a pulled vein in my leg. stings to the touch. is this a clot. it turned blue green about  in long and bulging out and also has brusing
lower back pain be a sign of pregnancy? my lower right side of my back right above my hip. it is a constant dull pain but with sharp intense bursts periodically. i am a day late on my period right now took a test that showed negative. could i still be pregnant?
i stopped taking my shot  months ago i had very little spotting but not actual period after that. could i get pregnant
i am pregnant and have terrible heartburn. is there anything i can do to get relief?
"how to get rid of bruises on the forearms and hands. i am .  female. over the past  months i am getting more & more round purplish-brown spots on my hands forearms and (in one instance) on my face. i understand it is because my aging skin is thinner now and any slight bump will cause the blood vessels to break under my skin resulting in the purplish-brown ""bruises. "". is there any product proven to be effective in thickening of the skin? . could changing my diet help? . thanks."
i have a very high metabolism and i can't gain weight. how can i lower my metabolism while exercising more? . i'm  years old ' tall and weigh only about -. i'm also not very active. i want to start running and lifting weights but it's tough for me to gain muscle because i have a very hard time putting on weight. what can i do to lower my metabolism enough to start putting on weight and getting bigger? i also don't eat very well but tend to eat a descent amount of protein every day.
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of valium?
can a deficiency in vitamin d cause hair loss
i have sinus problems even when i get a cold my nose always remain dry?
isa an iv always given for a colonoscopy? . i refuse to have an iv inserted. can the doctors still do a colonoscopy without it?
burning itching yellow discharge from vagina. is it a yeast infection? . i am  years old and i haven't had any sexual intercourse i'm a virgin. but recently my vagina is puffy almost swollen like and it gets irritated when touched and it itches a little. i also have a yellowish discharge when i go to pee and my pee is cloudy. there's not really a smell unless i actually sniff it and i use pantyliners because it stains my panties. i've been researching yeast infections because my symptons are related to it. i haven't told my mother yet please help.
can a low ferritin level cause hair loss and heart palpitations in women? my ferritin level is at . every time i shower or blow dry my hair i am losing tons of hair! i can barely cover my scalp at crown of my head. after researching i found that ferritin levels in women should be around . i have also been experiencing an increased heart rate since august. i went to cardiologist and he said my heart was healthy. my thyroid is fine. started taking iron supplements ( mg)  mbg biotin pills and using shampoo that removes dht from hair within the last week but have seen no difference.
my ligaments are cracking grinding painful – rice krispie sounds – what do i have?
can cats cause psoriasis. my father has sever psoriasis on his back arms and legs. he has never had skin conditions of any type until the past  years and he is now . my step-mother has became a cat hoarder and the psoriasis began about the same time as the hoarding. we have narrowed down the cat population to about  however my father still has psoriasis. he has been to the dr. and had prescriptions that do little to offer relief.
been on thepill for  months. hubby wants to know if sex is safe w/o protection. does pill help keep me not prego? risks? . i want to make sure that the pill will prevent me from getting pregnant. and the husband wants to not have to wear protection for obvious reasons. i want to make sure that i'm not going to become pregnant and all.
does gallstones cause urinary problems. smelly and cloudy ursine that comes and goes
what are some conventional medicines given for shingles?
should tonsil stones be dealt with or are they benign?
a week ago i had a medical abortion two days ago i started having numb legs and arms?
does your chances of pregancy increase while on your period with birth control? . i recently switched to taking my birth control continuously so i only have  periods a year. i was supposed to have my first period this week but didn't have it at all. which could be my body trying to get used to the routine but if i have intercourse during that time could my chances of getting pregnant increase?
if i think i'm pregnent is there a safe pain medicine i can take?
how can i get rid of unwanted facial hair?
i developed severe tendinitis in my neck i had a bump the size of two tennis balls on my head?
how do i choose the right personal trainer?
since i had brain surgery before is it bad for my health if my boyfriend pulls my hair roughly? . it's been  years since i had brain surgery as a child. all i remember is that until my hair grew back i had a scar on the back of head where they had removed a piece of my skull during the surgery. now my boyfriend grabbed all of my hair and pulled it while kissing me which i loved. but afterwards i noticed something didn't feel right in that area in the back of my head for the next couple of days. is it possible that my previous brain surgery makes hair pulling actually unhealthy?
is it safe to have my teeth cleaned during menstruation?
why do men feel hungry after sex?
doxycycline potential liver damage. i don't drink smoke or have any vice. i get annual exams and my liver always checks good. about a week before my annual exam this year i had just completed a two therapy of doxycycline and my liver values alt and ast were out of range. alt was  points out of range and ast was  points out of range. . is this possible stress from the antibiotic cycle? are these values high or demonstrating damage to be concerned about? . . thank you.
i was told that my medicare premium may be paid if i have a low income. is this true?
i have been diagnosed with barrets esophagus and severe acid reflux are ppis safe for me?
i had sex with my boyfriend friday night but he pulled out but got sperm on my underwear can i get pregnant from that?
what is celiac disease?
i am currently being treating for a whooping cough exposer and now my infant is showing simular signs what should i do. i was exposed to a co-worker with possible whooping cough at work and upon finding this out i went to the dr cause i had been having cold like symptoms and wanted to be sure i wasn't a carrier they then decided to just go ahead and treat me as a precaution and gave me the vaccine but now my month and a half old son is showing similar signs wheezing stuffed up nose which is causing difficulty breathing mostly well laying down some labored breathing when sleeping sneezing and some coughing.
 days ago drank coffee then gush of watery fluid. yesterday positive pregnancy test. could it be a chemical pregnancy? . // drank  oz mocha.  min later two small gushes of watery fluid (not pee) about  tablespoon total. did not look or smell like pee. // positive pregnancy test on two brands (walgreens and first response). // expected period ( day cycles)
how will it be determined who receives a tax credit to help with the cost of health insurance? . will tax returns be required during enrollment?
why does diarrhea develop?
can prednisone exacerbate cold symptoms? . original cold and cough. taking prednisone for  days for back pain/? herniated disc. cough and stuffiness increased greatly after starting prednisone.
i have headaches everyday tingling and pain in my feet at a loss at what to do?
can a statin drug cause higher blood sugar levels?
would a white vinegar and water douche solution be harmful?
how long does it take for minor chemical burns to heal? do chem burns involve nerve dammage? this was caused by mortar mix
the doctor diagnosed me with epididymitis and prescribed me with a course of doxycycline for  days?
been having chest pains for quite some time now?
i am  f and my partner injects me in belly. i get injections with sterile water in navel area often. is it safe.
can a girl get pregnant if she had her period several hours after sex? . a girl and i had oral sex two days ago and i ejaculated in her mouth but some of it got on her hand. she had plenty of saliva on her hand and little semen on her fingers. i can't remember whether or not she licked the semen off after but she did put her finger inside her vagina around two minutes after i ejaculated. this happened during her period but it stopped momentarily while we were having oral sex. she got her period for five hours a few hours after we did and the next day.
i have been told that i have neurophthy and need to find a doctor that take my insurance
i am positive for chlamydia. i am married for  years never cheated my husbend but it seems he was unfaithful? . i am positive for chlamydia. i am married for  years. all my microbiology tests were fine until now chlamydia was never detected. i never cheated on my husbend but it seems he was unfaithful?
any favorite ted talks? . do you have what it takes to succeed? learn what it takes to turn a challenge into a success and live a better life. jonathan ortheden is a swedish entrepreneur who  developed an app that became an instant global success threatened the snapchat business model which almost resulted in a lawsuit. turning this early defeat into opportunity he now runs an award-winning and rewarding development business with clients including porsche and wordbolt. <link>
i have a reaction from the flu shot i received?
i was placed on / norco. i am to take one every eight hours. is it safe to cut a norco in half?
what does it mean having a swollen right tonsil and a lump on the neck? . a week ago i noticed a medium sized lump on the right side of my neck it was painless. day by day it seemed like im having more of the lumps but only one is visible the others are only noticable when you feel them. but i realized that i had a swollen tonsil aswell and its becoming larger everyday. i feel no. pain only headache. and lately ive been feeling very weak and sleepy in the day time. so basically the right side of my neck or throat is swollen all of it and i feel like its getting worse.
is there any safe over the counter meds for  month old? . he is stuffy and has running nose. even sounds a bit congested
what advances are being made in male infertility?
my husband doesn't want sex but doesn't want me to masturbate. we've been married  months. what do i do? . he doesn't pursue me often maybe once every week and a half. i will not cheat on him physically but have i mentally by thinking about sex with someone else? yes i have and thats just as bad. i don't know what to do with this burning desire for sex this natural god given desire that shouldn't be unfulfilled in marriage. he doesn't want me to masturbate so i don't because i know it hurts him but he also doesn't want me. so here i am stuck with this unquenched desire for sex. what do i do?
diagnosed with cellulitis. antibiotics for  days redness warmth and itching gone. is it safe to go swimming? . just need to know if it is safe for me to go swimming. i would not want to pass on the bacteria for others. was diagnosed on wednesday august  and began antibiotic treatment. today is august . am i still contagious? no redness s. welling or itching remains.
what kind of surgery would you have for a pinched nerve in your leg. my doctor told me that if the anti inflammatory cream he has me on does not work i will need surgery. i am just curious what the names are of possible surgeries to fix this problem so that i can research them. the pain is in my left leg. lower outside. doctor said the pinched nerve is near the outside of my knee
can mrsa be passed through needles in a drug user?
could i be pregnant? . i got my birth control nexplanon removed / and i had unprotected sex / / i was having cramping the  then i started lightly bleeding the . but it was so light i only bled for a few hours it was a light pink color the next day the  i started to bleed but it was the same there was a very small amount of blood there when i wiped and it was light pink it only lasted for a few hours the same thing happened the  today august  there's nothing now at all
could i be pregnant? . i had sex on the  january we used a condom and i'm pretty sure we used it properly. i had a period on the  january it lasted six days and seemed very normal. then on the  january i started spotting and this continued until the  february. the colour varied between red and brown. i was due to get my period on the  february but there are no signs of it coming. i don't have the money to get a test right now what should i do? am i being paranoid? thank you for your help.
i've been told that medicare will not be affected by obamacare. i have also been told to expect changes. which is true?
had surgery for acoustic neuroma having secondary effects?
could my pinky be broken or just sprained like the er doctor said it was? . the day before yesterday i fell and hit my head on a table and i landed on my pinky it swelled up and started turning black about  minutes after i fell my mom took me to the er and they x-ray'd it and said it was just sprained but they didn't x-ray where i said it hurt it's hurting in the palm of my hand and it's still swelling the er put me in a finger splint which is not helping the pain at all. could my finger be broken and the doctor just didn't see anything?
what are the problems with picking a  pound child up by her wrists? . this child is  months old and has been subject to this since she was crawling. please advise.
can you get pregnant from anal sex?
can a-fib cause heart failure. iam in % a-fib even with my pacemaker. will this cause heart failure. does it increase my chance of stroke.
what medications and treatments are available to treat crohns disease?
where can i find information that is clear concise and easy to understand about health insurance options in alabama? . will options vary from state to state?
what causes eczema?
i need to reduce my weight wts the food which i have to take to burn my calories soon
i am a fair skin afro-american male and i have hyperpigmentation on my neck and arms. what can be the cause of this?
if my  old has strep throat will h have a temp
can taking prenatal vitamins hurt you if you are not pregnant? if not can you ask your doctor for them?
how to prevent ear infections in toddlers? . my  year old son keeps getting ear infections after a bout of cold. he has been on antibiotics every month for the past - months.
can i break the same bone twice. i broke my  metacarpal  months ago. this past weekend while doing some work outside my hand started hurting. there was no trauma that i can remember. it has swelled up and is pretty painful. antiinflamitories dont seem to be helping. is it possible i broke it again?
i have been tested for ast alt ggt during routine blood tests. all three test had high results. why?
i am nursing my baby. can i take an over-the-counter allergy med like claritin?
"i have to force myself to eat i havent ate much in a week. so far this week i have ate a half bowl of oatmeal two sandwiches and some fries and its thursday my parents are worried i think and so am i. i am overweight and  so could it be my brain saying ""hey fatty stop eating""? any help would be much appreciated! thanks"
am i really required to have health insurance? what would be the minimum coverage? what if i can't afford any of it?
can prednisone cause fibromyalgia? . i believe that i took prednisone too long and it caused my muscle pain which was diagnosed as fibromyalgia. i also believe that there is not a doctor in the world that would admit to this since they benefit a lot financially from prescribing this dangerous steroid. in my case i took it for months. my face was swollen gained weight etc. what do you think?
is tap water bad for a newborn. my son said his daughters doctor told him that tap water is dangerous to give a newborn
" yr male '""  abdominal pain after eating on right side front and back vomiting nausea gas bloating cramps. weight gain in the excess of + pound unintentionally vomiting constipation diarrhea severe gas acid reflux even while on medication. symptoms get worse with eating and drinking feeling of bloated fullness with loss of appetite and lethargy. i believe my husband is exhibiting symptoms that involve either his liver or gallbladder possibly ibs but not sure. current doctor does not feel the need to look into the issues over the counter meds have not helped. just looking for some ideas."
how wrinkled should i be before i consider a peel?
i've tried patches and lozenges but was unable to quit smoking. i smoke a pack a day. any ideas? . i have emphysema too.
what is a zygote in pregnancy?
what time of day is best to check my testosterone level?
what are hives?
will there be a hiv test for medical asistant to be hired in dr office. just started medical school for medical assistant and i have a school loan was told when enrolling there is a drug test to be done. but will there be an hiv test done when getting hired and going to clinical externship. this is very important. please let me know
this morning i woe up with large floater i m left eye is there anything i can do to resolve this without going to md?
i underwent a lung lobectomy now the left side of my body is always cold?
can i get pregnant from pre cum. hi . yesterday my boyfriend stroked his penis and had a lil bit of pre-cum fluid few minutes after he rubbed my clitoris using the other hand (i cant recall if he only used that hand let's just assume he used both hands). . and the previous ejaculation occured  days before the release of the pre cum. when he rubbed my clitoris i got wet and masturbated somehow. will this cause me to get pregnant? my menstrual cycle is about  days or longer. and my last menstruation was on the  december.
social anxiety. i want friends where do i go? i have such bad social anxiety when i first get to know someone but then it lessens
i pulled my hip flexors a few years ago have hip pain that keeps me up at night now that i work out more. help? . i ran track and played sports my whole life without a problem until i was . starting then i had knee pain followed by hip pain that was so severe at times i had trouble walking up stairs. now i'm  and started working out more my hips bother me more than ever to the point of keeping me up at night; despite stretching almost every day. the dull pain there and sometimes in my knees leads me to think i have iliotibial band syndrome. is this a reasonable guess?
i am scared that my ear drums may hurt or puncture while in flight?
my  year old father needs gallbladder surgery we need a second opinion?
is drug therapy or weight loss surgery an option for an overweight child?
painful lump in the armpit under the skin. i squeezed it and pus came out then  small black ball like things came out. it is not red
how do i take penicillin g procaine?
are tablets ipads etc safe for young children (-)? how much time should they be limited to? . i have read about flattening of the retina etc from any screen time tv etc. there seems to be a lack of study tablets are so new.
i have anterior wall interstitial uterine fibroid i dont want surgery but scared to lose uterus?
what are the health insurance options and (possible) premium costs for people who are self-employed? . what are the best health plan options for someone who is  years old has not (yet) been diagnosed with any health conditions requiring treatment and is not yet eligible for medicare?
i have irregular periods and i am trying to get pregnant?
can you get copd from a fall. fell off a scaffold a year ago around  ft high. tore my both shoulders and herniated a disc in my back  . i have had trouble breathing since. tightness in my chest and sore throat. feels like there is something in my throat. i also have pains up my neck into my head. was told it was copd. i can walk without any trouble and have trouble sleeping.
i have a basal cell carcinoma what specialist should i consult?
what is osteoporosis?
can i tighten my skin somehow without having surgery?
my  y/o has been complaining for the last  months tummy ache/pain of the abdomen (around the navel area)/slightly swollen abdomen/discomfort when eating (will only eat a few bites)?
how can i reduce the appearance of my acne scars? (i am  and have scarring around my chin and forehead).
i have been diagnosed with adhd. the last two years i have been severely depressed and anhedonic?
"i eat  -  calories a day. is that enough? . i'm  ""' female and weigh . for the past at least five years of my life i've been eating  -  calories which leaves me feeling satisfied energized and maintaining my weight. i've been eating a very healthy vegan diet and have eaten pretty healthy my whole life. i feel like i'm eating enough and i'm maintaining my weight but our ""experts"" say i need to eat more. i feel like if i ate more i would just gain weight but i'm at a healthy weight now. i exercise moderately."
can ibuprofen cause heart palpatations?
i have a burning sensation in my face neck and ears that comes and goes. what could be causing this? . just curious to what could be going on. i suspect high bloodpressure but am not able to see my doctor until april  due to her being booked up until then. i am really worried that it could be something very serious. please help?
what are the best (veggie) probiotics for a woman to use if she suffers from chronic bacterial vaginosis symptoms?
every time i cough or sneeze i pass blood clots also through vaginal discharge and during intercourse?
i have pain in my back and chest the pain is unbearable and i cant sleep?
who is at high risk and should be tested for hepatitis c infection?
chlyamdia disease? . hi. i've been with my partner for almost  yrs now. and he's just find out that he got chlamydia. i went to tested a week after but tested come out negative. if it s possible that i don't have infection from my partner. i don't understand i thought the disease is spread.
i am seeing wavy motion in my peripheral vision. what could be causing this? . it resembles heat waves. if that makes any sense. there is no pain associated with this and it has only happened a couple of times and just lasts for a few minutes. i am  and take medications for high blood pressure. the last time i experienced this i was simply driving down the road.
can i be pregnant severe back and heavy bleeding. i have had a pregnancy test done and it reads negative. i have  kids and both pregnancy result showed negative for the first  months of pregnancy.
i get headaches runny/stuffy nose sore throat and cough a lot when im at my house but not when i stay somewhere else? . what could be wrong with my house?
pelvic prolapse is intercourse possible? . can i still have intercourse with a vaginal prolapse? i seem to have a severe case as it is hanging out of my vagina and occasionally bleeds a little bit when i have a bowel movement. too embarrassed to go see a dr. any help?
what is collagenous colitis?
hello i want to reassure myself about my baby girl's head size at  month it was  cm  month-  cm  month - cm now at  month the head circumference is  cm is there anything disturbing because between  an  month the growth is only one cm? thanks in advance!
is there anything i should be doing to minimize severe pain from an ingjuinal hernia other than no heavy lifting? . . i am having severe pain from an inguinal hernial hernia. i am see the dr. this week and hope to have it repaired within two weeks.
can hepatitis c be transmitted by some ones sweat
i have pain in my top right shoulder when im breathing?
should individuals with acute hepatitis c be treated?
what can cause nausea and vomiting?
can pneumonia cause fluid to build up in the lung?
can i get pregnant having unprotected sex when i switch from the implanon to the deop shot?
i had my implanon removed  months ago and i still havent had a period. i want to get pregnant. should i be worried? . how long should i wait to see a doctor? is this normal?
on  mcg of synthroid currently. should i be taking more?
i have a middle ear infection doctor gave me a prescription for amoxicillin need second opinion?
can vitiligo occur in later stages of life?
since late last year l have been complaining about my loss of appetite and consequently loss of weight?
my daughter takes adderall clonazapam and citalopram. can this combination of meds cause emotional outbursts?
do some men and women lose sexual interest after being diagnosed with heart disease?
my mother has fibroid gynecologist suggested removal of vagina need second opinion?
i have a very itchy rash behind my knee. it started as a cluster of little bites. what is it and how do i treat it?
i had my gallbladder removed  years ago. ive been having the same pains i had before it was removed. can it grow back? . if it isnt possible for it to grow back. what are the pains ive been having?
does a migraine always include pain or can you just have light sensitivity?
vaginal burning with no discharge or smell
prenatal vitamin or multivitamin? . i'm not pregnant yet. should i take an over the counter prenatal vitamin or a multivitamin with folic acid and prenatal vitamin listed on the back three months before trying to conceive?
what if the mammogram is abnormal?
do i need a tetanus shot for a thermal burn? . i burned my hand on a pan today while i was making cinnamon rolls my thumb was only on the pan for less than a second. the burn is white but not bubbling or anything its just a white mark. i ran it under cool water for like  minutes and added aloe. it barely hurts. im planning on getting a tetanus shot this year anyways but i need to know if this is very serious or i can just get my shot whenever.
i have been experiencing sharp lancing pain behind my right ear in the mastoid area?
wish to relapse into smoking marijuana after becoming diagnosed with psychosis from. what are all potential repucussions. i was diagnosed with psychosis from marijuana. i want to relapse into smoking again. please write me a list of anything (links scentences) decribing mental illnesses or stages of development of the brain where smoking marijuana would do me harm
are food cravings normal during pregnancy?
<link> infinite  reviews really is regular for many bodybuilders for you to take time to mass upward inside the winter and then do the job for getting genuinely slim ahead of the competitors year. body building is certainly one of just a pair of athletics. <link>
diagnosed with anxiety disorder can anxiety make you have headaches and feel weak and tingles all day?
what do my blood test results mean?
will the aca have any change at all for those on medicare? why are our premiums going up so much?
why did i get a migraine after getting the flu shot? and should i take it again next year? . migraine lasted  days and i'm still experiencing lightheadiness and nausea.
why do cold symptoms worsen as the day wears on?
is bilirubin cancer. please i want to be informed if bilirubin is cancer
getting mmr before  months to travel abroad. we plan to travel abroad with my child. the pediatrician recommends to get her mmr before traveling and she will be almost  months then. ( months and  weeks). i see the internet that first mmr is supposed to be given to a child at  months check up. is it safe for her to get mmr and other recommended shots on the same day before she barely turns  months? . also if she receives her mmr then when will her next mmr be?
is the health insurance marketplace route better than paying $/mo. to be covered by a job i'm leaving? . i am healthy single with  dependent.
i am a  year old who has medicare and mainecare. do i need to apply for obamacare?
"is it possible to become pregnant if he doesn't ejaculate inside of you? . my boyfriend and i had unprotected sex about three weeks ago he didn't ejaculate inside of me nor did either of us touch what came out and then touch my vagina. i'd gone with him to the bathroom to clean up before we did anything else and we'd both washed off hands included. but i'm a week late on my period. i'm not sure if i could possibly be pregnant or if i'm just paranoid. i'd have gone to the doctor's by now but i'm one of the ""lucky"" ones who doesn't have medical insurance."
i have upper right quadrant pain and cant find answers. please help. i have upper right quadrant pain. i have had xrays cbc w/platelet and differential comprehensive metabolic panel. urinalysis hida scan and ct w contast all clear what else could i do to find where the pain is coming from
was having a bad bout of ocd (obsessive compulsive disorder) felt a weird sensation in my head?
several months ago my lower left leg (shin area) began to hurt?
hello im a  yr old woman and i got an iud (mirena) in . i then slept with some one and caught chlamidia in . i also caught hpv when i caught the chlamidia. what i am concerned about is it had to be immediately removed due to the sti. i started hemorrhaging. i was wondering if this could decrease the likely hood of conceiving a child? me and my husband have been trying for about  years to get pregnant and we even keep track of my period and ovulation schedule. also what other medical side effects could i be facing? so would anybody maybe know the statistical % of me still being able to get pregnant?
some colleges offer student health plans. what changes to student health plans can students expect to see this fall?
can i get someone pregnant from touching her even after hand sanitizer? . i had sperm on my hands and i used hand sanitizer afterwards about two or three times. but then i went inside of my gf and im scared she might be pregnant. its been about  weeks since then and she hasnt been feeling any different except for cramps. she says she feels like she might get her period but were both scwred that she would skip having it. last month she got it on the . and its the  today. but she usually gets ot the . im scared. we both are. please help.
i was given an antibiotic shot for strep throat. can i also take ibuprofen? . i was given the shot at : this morning. i forgot to ask if i could take ibuprofen for the pain.
what other factors contribute to cancer-related fatigue?
 med stents december . i am currently taking a daily plavix and  aspirin. when can i stop the plavix? . when i get off the plavix i can get on the active kidney transplant list!
i have pollen allergy on my skin began to appear purple linear changes?
can you drink alcohol while taking clidamycin? . the clindamycin was given for bv and yeast infection.
panic attacks and exercise. i know that i can google some things and i would find exactly what i need but i need some advice first. we have no gym equipment whatsoever and joining a gym is out of the question. my parents are divorced and my mother can barely pay her debts let alone give me money for yoga or gym classes. what sort of exercise would be best to do with panic attacks? i kind of like aerobics but i have no idea where to start and yoga sounds. interesting. any ideas?
how do i safely stop taking simvastatin ( mg)? . i do not nor have i ever had high blood pressure. my cholesterol count before simvastatin was . . a stress test  years ago showed that there are no blockages or build up in my arteries my heart is in good shape; as a matter of fact the cardiologist told me i had the heart of a thirty year old. after learning about the dangers of this drug i am scared and would like to discontinue it. please advise. .
does a person get a high from capsule medical marijuana? does it dull pain or just make the pain tolerable? . could this help a  year old who is in severe pain from spinal stenosis and arthritis? does it really have any long term effects on memory?
how is balanitis treated?
how to overcome my depression symptoms?
found thyroid nodule is cnb the correct method to determine if benign or malignant?
how can i safely exercise while pregnant?
what surgery options do i have for lupus systemic lupus erythematosus?
is it a really bad charley horse cramp or dangerous seizure?
i am  days late for my monthly period. ive taken a couple of hpt (home pregnancy tests) but all came back negative.
is dish syndrome a real diease and if so what is it?
what is schizophrenia?
i haven't had my period but my body feels different. i have most symptoms. it has been  / weeks since i had sex. help. we had sex and he wore a condom and ejaculated in it. second time that night we didn't use a condom and he pulled out right before he came again. a little got on me down there but i didn't think anything of it before he went back in. lately i have been feeling yucky and i barely eat or sleep but i always feel tired. i have mood swings and have to go to the bathroom a lot more. does this mean i'm pregnant? if so how far along. also should i take a pregnancy test now?
what are symptoms of obstructive sleep apnea?
how can i bleed less when i get off the shot
what infections do people with aids get?
what causes ringworm?
what is hnpcc (hereditary non-polyposis colorectal cancer)?
what are age spots?
can fungal infection spread to the penis? . i think i have a fungal infection and it spread while washing my penis with the same bar of soap i used to wash my whole body. including my feet. . i now have what looks like a scab on the skin of my penis along with two to three bumps which look like pimples. i just want to know if its possible it can be a fungal infection.
does beta carotene help with infant teething?
i have had diarrhea for about  months and have lost about  and have a low appetite should i be concerned? . i have had diarrhea for about  months and have lost about  i seem to have lost my appetite sometimes going more than a day without eating. when i do finally feel hungry enough to eat i either fill up very quickly or simply feel i may get sick if i eat anymore. until this started i had a great appetite and regular firm bowel movements. any thoughts?
been getting chest pains for years ekg shows problem p wave. did i have heart attack?
i have copd i cannot catch my breadth every morning when i wake. it takes me  or  hours of coughing. can you help? . i use an exercise bike daily and generally feel pretty good. my mornings are a nightmare. can you suggest something. would an upruight bed help me?
can females receiving oral sex contract chlamydia? . i recently tested positive for chlamydia. i have contacted my ex-boyfriend to tell him to get tested but before i dated him i received oral sex from a different partner; he and i had no other sexual contact. is it possible that i contracted it from him? if so how likely is it that i did contract it from him? . thanks.
what would the silver level health insurance plan cost in nc if household income is less than $ ?
"can i be pregnant? . my boyfriend touched my vagina on the ""hole"". during this time i had my period. we are % sure that he didn't have semen on his fingers when this happened. my last period i got was on the  of may day before we fooled around. before that period it was the  of april if that helps at all. im very worried i may be pregnant. im not gonna buy a pregnancy test unless i don't get my next period. so until then what are the chances of me being pregnant? also we didn't have sex during all this."
ho you treat otitis media with effusion and vertigo? . i have been given steriods and meclizine. after two days i still have ear pain fullness in my left ear and vertigo. should i return to the pa at the little clinic in kroger (grocery store) or see an ent? .
what is osteoarthritis?
what surgery options do i have for colorectal cancer metastatic or recurrent?
how do i take advil liqui-gel?
my wife is pregnant for  months now but she doesn't wanna have sex with me what should i do? cheat or wait? . she keeps making excuses and say im not in the mood of sex im tired and more. what should i do?
why do i get a normal bp reading with my arm resting on my head? . if i take my bp in the recommended position it is always high. if i rest my arm on top of my head my bp is normal. can you tell me why and would this be a true reading?
can clindamycin hcl be treated for pinkeye since it's an antibiotic? if not what could happen if i took it?
i have experienced headache/ migraine at least  days a week for the past  years?
why would a rn choose not to get her kids a flu shot? as the grandparent is there anything i can do?
what kind of specialist should i see for scratches on the eye due to pink eye
very low blood pressure / i am on blood med please advise?
small thrombus in distal right pulmonary artery should i start taking xarelto (rivaroxaban)?
i have a itchy rash that comes and goes what could be causing this? . the rash appears in different areas of my body for an example a rash showed up on my wrist and stayed a while and went away. later the same day it appeared on my stomach and then on my thighs etc. its itchy while it is present. at one point my hands first turned red and then start to itch really bad to the point i had to wash my hands repeatedly. i work in the medical field so i wash my hands a million times a day. what could be causing this reaction?
can lizinopril hctz interact with oolong tea?
i had pains when swallowing tired when exerting with unbearable pain. on and off?
my husband had prostatectomy one year ago. since then he has been suffering from tinnits and high blood pressure. why? . my husband had a prostatectomy one year ago. since then he has been suffering from tinnitus and blood pressure problems these things have became so bothersome that he has trouble working sleeping and other activities of the day. we need to find out why and what we can do to correct this problem. the surgery was with the divintchi robot and the surgery was  / hours long. what could have happened to cause this? help
i have the mirena iud and recently i had unprotcect sex could i be pregnant? . my partner didnt pull out before ejaculating and no other form of birth control was used sorry for the over share but i need a straight answer.
what illnesses often co-exist with bipolar disorder?
what is the varicella vaccine and who should receive it?
my boyfriend ejactulated inside me and i was  hours late on my birth control pill the next day should i worry? . i have been taking birth control for about a month and a half now and last night my boyfriend and i had unprotected sex and he ejaculated inside me but i took my pill on time that day but the following day i was  hours late should i worry about being pregnant
foreskin restoration devices - are they safe? . i decided to look into all the various foreskin restoration methods and decided that the tugging method is the way to go. . thing is there are so many different types of devices that i have no idea where to start and i have no idea if any of it's safe. the websites make a lot of dubious claims so i wanted to ask an expert for advice. which of these devices actually work and which are safe? is foreskin restoration really possible without surgery or is it all just smoke and mirrors?
i have neck shoulders back hip and leg pain doctor says due to menopause imbalance need second opinion?
i have problems with platelets i need a surgery to remove the spleen?
periods  / weeks late took  hpt both negative. whats wrong? . my period was due on the the  it // and i still have not had it took a hpt on the  and again today both were negative. i have all the pregnancy symptoms and have been craving weird things like ranch mixed with mayo and ketchup i have also been really hungry and craving spaghettios with chicken nuggets like crazy. what should i do?
what drugs (prescription and over the counter) can cause your eyes to dilate? can anything else cause this?
i am a  year old female previously diagnosed with bipolar disorder i have developed a muscle spasm that resembles a tic along my right arm?
what are the best weight loss techniques and programs for vegetarians? . i would like to maintain a good weight with proper diet and i have pretty sedentary life style and i am a vegetarian - so need some techniques to have a proper weight and balanced diet.
how do i get started with exercise?
having trouble with blood and iron levels. had to have  transfusions and  infusions?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of meloxicam?
i had the flu or bronchitis and now developed serious sinus infection?
what is this lump on my eyelid? . i have had this lump on my left eyelid for over a year now. i assumed that it would have gone away by now but unfortunately it has not. every once and a while it becomes irritated but for the most part it's just a redish lump some days it's not too noticeable and others it is. i've tried stye drops i bought at safeway but it still remains. what should i do?
how can you avoid congestive heart failure?
how does sleep affect my memory?
how long does it take for appetite supplements to leave the system? i need to start taking medicine for health reasons.
i understand there are  options (silver through platinum) for health insurance along with the subsidies. . so assuming that i make $  do you know how much each plan would cost in this scenario?
is airway reflux the same as gerd?
i have no fever but my skin feels hot. what does that mean? . this usally happens mid day and what happens is the core of my body gets hot. my skin is hot to the touch and i feel as though the sun is shining from the inside of my body outwards. it is very frusterating because no matter if i turn the ac on or run ice over my skin in a few minutes the same inner hot feeling comes back.
does enlarged prostate result in dry orgaism?
heart attack. i am a parapalegic and the other night when i was going to bed i had a burning sensation that started in the chest area and moved to the back to the point my upper torso was burnig all the way around. i was in total discomfort. i felt a heaviness in my chest. this lasted for about  hours. are these symptoms of a heart attack? or are these symptoms that have to do with my spinal cord injury. i have had these symptoms before but never to the degree i had the other night
what medication is best for shingle pain after rash is gone its been going on for three months. has tried lyrica for short time and on tegretol now but not working which is best for the pain. my husband is  and also has leukemia
i had protected sex with a prostitute can i have hiv?
i got  perfect round completely red circles on my back possibly ringworm? occasionally i get an itch but nothing bad. . i noticed the other day i had  completely red perfect circles on my back they look to have really little pimples maybe blisters on them my first thought was ring worms but i havent seem and thats completely red most have a ring like fade to them although i have read it can be solid red havent had any sickness or anything with it just an occasion itch but rarely brother thinks maybe masquito bite but i just wanna make sure so if i know to buy the cream or what not. .
is the  vaccine a live virus or killed virus vaccine?
should you put vaseline on genital herpes during an outbreak?
im having trouble conceiving. it seems like were doing everything right but everyone else is getting prego not me help! . we have increased intercourse reduced smoking and caffine intake started exercising its been about  months and no hope and i just recently had to have my appendix removed could that be a factor in the trouble were having
i take supplements everyday and work out yet i am always getting sick and always feeling tired. what is wrong with me? . i try to live a healthy lifestyle. i eat farely healthy and do my best to take care of my body. however at least once a month there is something wrong me. cold sore. flu. constantly tired. bacterial infection. stomach problems. what amd i doing wrong?
what is the best way to rid yourself of nasty little bedbugs?
is it possible for the female to test positive for clamyida and her partner tests negative?
i have alternating irritated and bloodshot eyes?
will procedures for seniors be limited under the affordable care act? is it up to a panel?
what would blood work show if already on thyroid medicine for  years? . my wife has been on thyroid medicine for  years and recently she went for check up and the blood work came back and doctor called and needs to see her what could be some reason's why?
will the diet pill abidexin affect my birth control pills?
is taking  of dhea harmful to a fetus? . i was taking dhea  before i became pregnant to help with fatigue and sex drive. i became pregnant and was told by my midwife that it was ok to continue taking it however after looking online and at the bottle it appears it may not be safe. i have now stopped taking it. i'm currently  weeks pregnant and have been taking the   x per day. i'm wondering if this has possibly caused an harm to my baby.
is being in a relationship boost testestrone level? . i am a  years old boy (sorry for bad english i am persian :d ). recently i met a girl and start a relationship with her. i was virgin till know. she is very desirable for sexual activity. and when i chat with her she talks in a way that i get erect. normally i got erection more than  time in a day. i got a bit hair loss and some acne's recently. is it true that erection increase testosterone level? . and how can i reduce testosterone?
does taking beta blockers affect heart rate during exercise?
is there a cure for a child with a severe under bite?
my wife has stomach pain nausea blurred vision muscle pain and feels like she is dying?
my  month old baby is coughing really hard while sleeping
everytime i make out with this guy i get a sore throat the next day. this guy smokes and doesn't eat healthy. he is sort of a fling and so occasionally we'll get together. we make out a lot so could there be something tranferred when we kiss that makes me have a sore throat the next day?
what is does a bloody discharge from breast indicate?
could my previous method of birth control affect my fertility?
what is pharyngitis?
do anti-snoring chin straps work? are they safe? if they hold your mouth closed will you wake if you stop breathing?
can u take allegra d while taking z pack. doctor says i have bronchitis he gave me a z pack. can't sleep cus of drainage. possible allergies.
how long does anesthesia stay in your system after surgery? .
can wine trigger eye floaters
i have contractions pain and i lost a large blood clot could i have had a miscarriage?
"how harmful is smoking - cigarettes a day (less than a pack a week) compared to smoking more than  cigarettes a day? . is there such a thing as ""less harmful smoking qty"" i. e. few (-) cigarettes a day say after a meal or with a cup of coffee etc. i have been at that level of smoking for the last  years now knowing the i smoked regularly (more than  a day) for a period of  years until the age of . i am now  and generally healthy eat extra healthy diet and excercise regularly. is moderate smoking something to really worry about?"
how long can flu/cold causing bacteria live outside the human body? . pretty much what i asked. my mom had a nasty stomach bug which i'm pretty sure was the flu with all the nasty symptoms that go along with it. not thinking she used my computer for something to do. i've been avoiding it (using a friend's computer now) but how long do i need to? i have stuff i need to do on it so how long do i need to wait before i don't need to worry about contracting it myself?
how can we prevent appendicities?
ive been waking up with horrible headaches and a cold icy almost like a brain freeze?
i have aneurysm of the left basilic vein doctor can perform an aneurysmectomy. need second doctor opinion?
i am  and had my right fallopian tube removed due to multiple ectopic pregnancies is it possible to get pregnant. how often will i ovulate with only one fallopian tube
is treatment based on gender-specific or not?
what if i become pregnant while taking metaglip?
i have abdominal pains legs are numb and weak can you help me
husband is having a hard time breathing especially lying down
is hearing loss and tinnitus after a t tube normal? . i had a t tube put in my left ear on november . since then i have had severe hearing loss. when my ent took a look he said everything looked good and that in my hearing test i actually heard low noises slightly better. but i can't hear people as well any more. and i have constant tinnitus. my doctor says the hearing loss is just in my head but i know i don't hear as well now. should i be concerned? im a teacher and really need my hearing!
i had chronic pancreatitis with a  level should i be hospitalized?
what precautions should be taken while having a sexual intercourse with a bent penis?
i have a itchy rash that comes and goes what could be causing this? . the rash appears in different areas of my body for an example a rash showed up on my wrist and stayed a while and went away. later the same day it appeared on my stomach and then on my thighs etc. its itchy while it is present. at one point my hands first turned red and then start to itch really bad to the point i had to wash my hands repeatedly. i work in the medical field so i wash my hands a million times a day. what could be causing this reaction?
are both pneumococcal vaccines safe?
had unprotected sex  day of my period but did not take my birth control the same time every day the week leading up. . to starting my period (so days -). i'm on ortho tri cyclen lo. again i'm also on the first day of my period. do i need to take plan-b or should i be fine? just want to be safe cause while i did take a pill everyday these pills weren't always at the exact same time.
blurry vision and headache? . i get it often and a self diagnose migraine which i learned (trip to er) it is not.
i have chronic lumbar back pain would surgery make me regain a healthy life?
is bronchial pneumonia contagious?
what are the signs of oral cancer?
i just contracted chlamydia. i have been with the same woman for  months. does this mean my girlfriend cheated on me?
i always feel tired when wake up in the morning my eyes feel like a lead?
i got sick at work with heat exhaustion which worsened my boderline diabetis. . is my employer responsible for any of the costs of getting me to the hospital tests and treatment for heat exhaustion? . and is my insurance to be used for any of the complications of my new diabetes treatment separately? . k. k.
is it dangerous for my infant grandchild to be exposed to shingles?
i had a partcial hysterectomy. i still have my ovaries is it normal to still get a period.
been with the same man  years. i have hpv. did he cheat on me?
is diet soda any better for me than regular soda?
how to remove acne in body? i have some acne around my body(up) what should i do?
what can be done to prevent hpv transmission to my partner? what are the risks if he is infected? . hello . i found out i have hpv from an abnormal pap smear. however i do not have genital warts or any external symptoms. i am currently in a monogamous relationship with a man. i was wondering what type of precautions should be taken to prevent spreading the disease to him and what are the risks if the disease is transmitted to him? i know it slightly increases the risks of some cancers in men but is there anything else to be concerned about? . thank you
what are the risk factors for bipolar disorder?
i've had a cold for a week the cough seems worse than when the cold first started i'm also coughing up some blood. also when i blow my nose there is blood in that also should i see a dr.
how soon after signing up for health insurance can i see a doctor? . can you sign up or be penalized if you are unemployed?
i live on only $  dollars a year so what kind of affordable health insurance plan is there for my situation?
i had a fishy smell and discharge. had a pap done and was ok. can trich or vaginosis be detected? nurse said it could. in the past ive had trich and bacterial vaginosis. the nurse said it didnt smell abnormal when i had the doctor do the papsmear. she also said it would be dectected if there was trich or bacterial vaginosis. after i contacted the nurse they called and said if it was bad results i'd receive a phone call which i didnt so everything i am assuming is okay. my question is can a papsmear detect the trichomonas or vaginosis? i am scared and hoping everything fine.
i injured myself during a rugby game now have sudden onset breathlessness?
i started cutting my wrists a week ago. is it the reason why i'm so sick? . i had a headache two days after and i just felt so dizzy and tired all week. no matter how much i slept. and now after a week i had a fever and now i have a really bad ear infection (i think) only on my left ear and it's so painful i can't sleep.
is hair loss in women different than men?
i ate alot of acidic fruit last night then fell asleep can that be the reason my soft palate is sore and raw?
how do you get an e coli based uti infection
i have been dealing with severe fatigue muscle tension burning under the skin for  + months now?
can spirometers improve lung function
how soon can you start going to a doctor or having tests done under a plan bought in the health insurance marketplace?
is garlic a medicine for yeast infection?
are ricola cough drops ok to take during pregnancy?
i have a mole on the back of my neck
if my college offers a student health plan do i have to sign up for it? what other options do i have for coverage?
what can be done for seborrheic dermatitis around the eyes? . could thyroid medication be causing this rash around the eyes?
recently had a tooth pulled i am extremely fatigued i dont feel very well i have a severe headache my heart rate is elevated
on the  i took my pill  hours late and a week later missed two pervious pills and now im spotting pink whats wrong
my  yo daughter diagnosed with monomistake?
hurts to take deep breathe pain around belly button and pain under ribs. what is this? . this pain just started on monday. i thought it was just indigestion so i started taking a upset stomach reliever it's now next monday and it's still there but i went to the er on saturday and they said that my blood tests and lab tests came back normal xrays looked okay. the pain is a bit under my ribs and it hurts to take deep breaths and it's now starting to burn a little bit when i pee. what's wrong with me? . the doctor at the er also prescribed prilosec which i have been taking.
i just went off the pill after my last cycle. is is possible i got pregnant within  weeks of going off the pill? . only been off pill for  weeks. using no other birth control. i had a reg pd last month - i am not due to have a pd for  more weeks. have been perfectly regulated for years. have been unchracteristically emotional the last week or so slight cramping occassionally.
wrinkled penis head that looks like raisin when flaccid. goes away with erection.
i have fibrosis one breast is much bigger than the othernormal?
something crawling on my skin but nothing there. i dont have a doctor
can someone prevent typhoid fever?
do i have hemorrhoids? . i am only  but i think i may have hemorrhoids. ive only bled three times right after i. well you know. theres not a lot of blood not nearly enough to turn the water red. it is bright red blood though. it doesnt hurt but im worried. do hemorrhoids go away by themselves? i dont want to go to the doctor for something embarrassing like this but if i have to i will.
what are bedbugs?
have a stabbing pain in my right ear thought a spider crawled inside?
what is secondary hypertension?
i have extreme inner ear pain no solution from my doctors need help?
 month old infant has dry crusty mucus around his eyes when he wakes in the morning. should he see a doctor?
will the shingles virus contaminate or remain active in a hot tub or pool?
can you still have your period if you're pregnant? . i have been trying to get pregnant within the  days before my period. i am now on my period i believe only my flow is unusually slow. usually the first day i am changing my stuff at least every two hours where as with this one its been maybe  times a day. could i still be pregnant?
my child has had low grade fever and lethargy for  weeks. what could it be? . she has already had two different courses of antibiotics for a possible sinus infection.
what could cause foreign body sensation in the eye?
what is a good tagline for living a healthy lifestyle? . hey guys just wanted to give you a quick update on my life. give this video a like if you want to see more video like this. tweet me questions that you want me to answer and i will shout out you twitter account. twitter. com/nolookindown facebook: <link> instagram @bebesoft snapchat: nolookindown website: bebesworld. org. <link>
i have had chickenpox and have herpes is there any correlation between herpes and shingles? . i have not had any outbreaks from herpes since i contracted it. my father had shingles i am  years old. thank you.
can ranitidine show up as amphetamines. i was recently searching online to see if it was safe during pregnancy for heartburn. & people were talking about how it caused them to fail for anphetamines. which really worries me being almost  months pregnant & all.
if i'm already taking an antibiotic for bacterial vaginosis can i spread it to my mate if he tasted my vaginal fluid?
doctor is suggesting that dialysis be done to get rid of the edema. i need a second opinion?
my child is  months old and has just got this rash on her chest?
after lumpectomy lymph node surgery and radiation therapy i have stabbing pain in lower back?
i have fused vertebrae degenerating discs and straightening of my spine. what kind of doctor should i see? . i am  yrs old male and have moderate to sever chronic back pain. i've seen my family doctor chiropractors and pain management specialists. i've had a many test ran on me w/o any definitive diagnosis. i am overweight but not sure if that is the cause or the effect as i am not able to be active due to pain. the discs in my lower back have degenerated. my upper back has no curvature and in the middle of my back i have  fused vertebrae. i am desperate and don't know where to turn to next.
i fell on my elbow is it broke or bruised. its not a visible bruise. my elbow is tender and the pain goes down my arm i've tried soaking it and cold compress its not working! my arm is swollen and at times hurts too move it.
i took plan b about  hours after having unprotected sex what's the likely hood of being pregnant? . also i read somewhere not to take it if you are over  pounds i'm  is this an issue as well?
is cardiac catheterization and angioplasty covered by medicare?
everytime i shavei get ingrown hairs/boils in my vaginal area. how do i treat and prevent?
what is a pallidectomy for parkinson's disease?
i have pimples all over my face from two years. it is leaving marks which makes me look too bad. please help?
is transmission of hsv- possible through ejaculating in the mouth or eyes? . i'm an hsv- positive male. my partner is std-free including hsv-. she wants to swallow my ejaculate. i want to cum in her eyes. we are aching to do both of these. is transmission possible in either way?
does the affordable care act cover condoms and other contraception for men too (or is it just for women)?
if you cut you clitoris a lilttle bit does it heal itself
first initial outbreak of genital herpes did i contract it from my current partner or from previous partner? . i have never had any signs of symptoms of genital herpes and after being with the same boyfriend for over  years i had intercourse my boyfriend states that he has never had any symptoms and refuses to be tested. he claims that i had it before i met him. i just want to know the truth could i have had it prior to this initial outbreak and not know it or did i contract it from him and could i have intercourse with him for  years before i finally contracted it from him?
what are these spots on my skin? . i am having these dry and scaly spots on my skin. they are not scaly all the time of the day. also it does not itch. they are on both of my arms.
i have hypothyroidism. i take  of levothyroxine per day. can i go without for - days?
"what is the ideal weight for a  year old female that is '""?"
can you tell me what causes hair loss on lower legs and calves in men?
water intoxication? . so basically i do not drink too much water. i drink about  cups of fluid a day. but i have been thinking i eat some food throughout the day and they have some water in it and i have been having a thought of incidentely getting intoxicated. i have anxiety issues. p. s: i do not eat lots of food or fruit. but still i have this. explanation plz?
what a good treat for college students?
my  year old is suffering from amoebiasis looking for better treatment?
i jumped a fence punctures in my leg and hand do i need tetanus shot er?
"i have increasing lower back pain and wonder if those special belts and posture aids ever help. i have some arthritis in my spine some scoliosis and many of my disks are partially herniated. two years ago i had a cyst and partial herniation on a lower disk and my back ""went out"" when i picked up a child from the floor. i had about  months of pretty severe pain in my left foot. i'm pretty active but it hurts most when i sweep vacuum or stand preparing food at a counter for a long time. by the way i'm  and female. thank you!"
is hiccup normal every time i drink cola. every time i drink cola i hiccup . that's why i was thinking. is this normal? . i ask some friends if they experience the same. and none of them experience the same. they said they only burp and they don't hiccup. i want to know if this is bad for my health or not.
what side should i lie on to help relieve gallbladder pain?
who should undergo antibody blood tests for celiac disease?
would i benefit from achieving a normal testosterone level in terms of cancer prevention? . i have a family history of prostate cancer. my psa is low however my testosterone levels are also low.
urinalysis. . what does a - wbc/hpf mean?  years old and female. worried because it is much larger than the average standard.
should one have the ability to feel or see their ovaries? the ovaries appear as a bulge. while undressed i noticed i could feel a bulge on both sides where my ovaries are located. there is no pain or any symptoms i'm aware of but that fact that i can see where they're located clearly is odd to me.
my daughters permanent eye teeth are coming in over the top of her baby teeth. what can we do to loosen the baby teeth?
swallowed small piece of aluminum foil a few days ago still stuck in throat. what can i do?
i got spinal meningitis which affected my legs and hands with a lot of edema to where i could not even walk?
if i have an anal fissure should i see a gastroenterologist instead of a general practice doctor?
i have a planters wart looking spot on my foot dr. said it's a pluged sweat glan. they keep cutting the center of it out but it's sore % of the time. would like to know more about it and what can be done.
what cut of steak is good for entertaining?
on depo  months. switch to pill  month had a period stopped taking pill now no period. negative for pregnancy. i have been on depo on and off for years. usually it takes about six months after last injection for my periods to start again. that would be about this time. i took the pill for three weeks then during placebo week had a period. took for another week and a half and stopped and have not had a period since. just light spotting. pregnancy tests are negative. when can i conceive and why aren't i having a period?
left flank pain but colonoscopy and cystoscopy found nothing. what could be causing the pain? . .
what tests should i consider having for high blood pressure and rapid heart rate?
ive been diagnosed with social anxiety disorder nausea vomiting diarrhea insomnia staying asleep headaches very stiff/rigid muscles
if you had shingles once can you have another breakout again?
are these symptoms of pregnancy? .  weeks ago i had some vaginal spotting i only noticed it when i went to the toilet. now my period is  weeks late. i have done  both negative. ive also had very watery discharge and some mild cramps but not like menstrual cramps. i have also been very tired aswell sleeping  hours at night and then a few hours in the afternoon. i have felt quite sick & feel quite sensitive to some smells. does this sound like i could be pregnant and the pregnancy tests did not detect the hcg hormone?
is it likely/possible for me to have pulmonary hypertension given the triggers symptoms and diagnosis?
why is it that i get a warm water sensantion in my leg? its in the same area every time. at first i thought i had unrinated on myself but that was not the case.
there are two different definitions of wages. the federal and state of florida. . unemployment insurance in florida counts dividends and wages as wages. this is unlike the federal government that splits the two. so what is our wages when determining your subsidy for health insurance?
i use a mouthwash that contains alcohol. i've read that this can be harmful to my oral health. is this true?
my  year old daughter has a pimple that started on the top of her vagina. there are  more on upper thigh. what is it?
will my overactive bladder and incontinence get worse with pregnancy and a vaginal birth?
i was prescribed the depo birth control shot. what's the most common amount of time it takes to get pregnant. i'm .
i dont want to die – im taking prednisone  for  days and i am dehydrated?
my husband is having trouble getting and keeping and erection. . he says that it feels different like it is not there like he cant feel it. he knows it is there but the feeling is not unless he touch it he still feel it when we try to have sex but other then that it is different. he had a testosterone test and it came back normal so we are looking for answers if possible of what it could be he does not drink or smoke or do any kind if drugs he is  years old and it has been going on for a month now
what is my risk of thromboembolic complications due to discontinuation of anticoagulants?
waht does it mean when your blood pressure numbers are close together
how is orthostatic hypotension diagnosed?
i am full time college student want to lose some weight been having anxiety attacks. is it still okay to exercise? . when i told my parents about it my mom asked me if i am getting enough air through my ribs. i did not know. . . the best discriptions to descripe what i was feeling is that it felt like my ribs are crushing in me. . . i am way over weight and want to have a better lifestyle and start exercising. . i am wondering if it would be okay to exercise consider my past with anxiety attacks. . . my record of anxiety attacks counts as  or  from august to december
what is gerd and ee?
what is uric acid?
have terrible heart palpitations also i sweat constantly
is there a birth control pill that doesn't kill libido or increase the risk of breast cancer? . i am  and have been on birth control for  years. i switched from trisprintec which was fine to yasmin when i moved to mexico last year because trisprintec was unavailable and i have a family history of breast cancer (two grandmothers  aunt) so my gynecologist recommended i switch to a lower estrogen dose. now my libido has vanished. alesse's low estrogen dose sounds promising but i can't find it here. qlaira with a high estrogen dose sounds good for libido and bad for cancer risk. tks!
when should you start to treat acne?
can a woman conceive a child and give birth after having an ovary removed? . had surgery to remove a cyst but ended up having an ovary removed.
shoulder problem-dislocated or separated? . saturday woke up around  with severe pain in left shoulder and skin was recurrent i finally got up st  iced it for - min. it still felt sore that night. sunday laid around watching tv & sleeping skin still red. went to gym today last time was thursday. no soreness since mon. and skin is no longer red. problem i have is the shoulder looks out of place bump on top of shoulder. compared to right shoulder the bones? looks higher. . what should i do? pcp or orthopedic doctor? have no insurance.
used a heating pad on my stomach for pain. the next day i had very sudden diarrhea. coincidence or not? . i never before used a heating pad on my stomach. it was a low setting. today i had one sharp cramp then diarrhea. since then i've been okay.
how many eggs can be released during a menstrual period?
what are the post op caring for inguinal surgery? . my grandmother is going through recovery time after the direct inguinal hernia surgery. the doctor says most often this occur in men but may also have a chance to develop in women. last few months she was suffering of hernia. sometimes it was very hard to walk or to stand up. the doctors of a well accepted hernia treatment center given her the best treatment. now she is returning to light activity. do they need to follow any strict diet and exercises. do reply.
do flu vaccines adversely effect people with an egg intolerance? . we're considering getting fly vaccinations but one major concern for us is our daughter who seems to have an egg intolerance. unless the egg is growth organically she gets sick if she eats the egg. she isn't as bothered if the egg is grown organically although she still has a reaction just not as severe. we're wondering because it's our understanding that vaccines are incubated using some sort of egg culture.
my wife was recently diagnosed with the flu and i am trying to not get it. should i start taking tamiflu just in case? . i am not currently showing flu systems but want to take the tamiflu as a preventative - is this ok or will it give me the flu?
got food pois.  days ago. so bloated and stomach has been burning ever since. diff. to eat anything. thoughts? . pooped for the first time today. still feeling the same way after the bowel movement though.
is it harmful to use cannabis while taking prednisone?
period started may  it ended may . i had sex june  my period app said my high fertility day was june  pregnant?
is it ok to cut this pill in half? i have  milligram pills.
is it possible for adults my age to get arthritis? i'm  and have been experiencing some high levels of back pain.
why should i be careful ordering a hamburger?
does the sore always come back in the same place or can it occur inside the vagina too? . i have had genital herpes for years and my outbreaks are rare and mild. i take valcylovir (sp) i have itching and burning inside the vagina and some bumps inside. i'm wondering if this is an outbreak or vaginitis.
why do i still get morning coughs a year after quitting smoking. no phlem. wakes me up at night. night and morning only.
what is chemotherapy for prostate cancer?
pain left breast cough  fever cannot sleep on side?
do women in their  need cosmetic surgery for aging?
does reyataz cure hiv or aids?
is it necessary to have medication or any surgery after having miscarriage of about / weeks pregnancy? . i have home pregnancy test just after i missed my periods and went for doctor and confirmed. but after  days of my mensuration period i had the periods followed by severe back pain abdominal pain excess and long duration of bleeding than on normal periods. but i was so nervous and sad that i didn't visit my doctor after that. after  days of bleeding i feel like exhausted and tired with little effort of physical work also. so will there be any risk of conceiving baby recently after this incident?
what causes acid reflux also known as gerd?
what is involved in surgery for stomach cancer?
i am breastfeeding my child. is it safe for me to use metronidazole cream?
how effective are condoms at stopping sexual transmission of hepatitis?
i noticed an itch on my scalp im now scratching uncontrollably?
my current health insurance policy (anthem bc/bs) is valid through sept. . when will i have to get a new policy? . according to anthem they will no longer sell my existing policy. why is the same policy significantly more expensive on health. gov -- comparing healthcare. gov to a list of policies on esurance. com. some say it's because the policy needs to cover more but my current policy counts as insurance.
diarrhea for  weeks. it's probably been longer than  weeks. i went to the doctors and he said i probably ate something bad or my stomach had gotten too cold at some point. i live in china. he prescribed some general medicine which i declined because it doesn't seem to be much more than yacult but costs a lot more. didn't seem to think it warranted any tests or antibiotics. the diarrhea itself is not completely watery. no blood no blackness. no other visible symptoms. . should i go to another hospital and try again?
my mom has stomach and colon cancer she wants to color her hair. is this a good idea?
can a specific person give me cold sores? everytime i see my long distance boyfriend i get a cold sore after - days. when i saw my boyfriend everyday i received a cold sore every  weeks or so. now that we are long distance i get a cold sore every single time i see him. i get one after the  or  day of seeing him. i don't get it. i do not change my eating habits. i drink the same amount of alcohol and i sleep the same amount of hours and am not stressed.
how like is it that i develop diabetes in my life?
what type of physician do i need to see if i have a growth under the skin of my thumb? . it started out as pea size and now is elongated and gets in the way when doing everyday construction. it moves and almost seems like a calcium deposit.
worried about lymphoma. . i have swollen lymph nodes located in the neck area. one located in the supraclavicular fosa. i have fatigue. about  weeks ago my skin started itching and i have been having mild fever ( around . ° celcius) for about two weeks . i am hot and cold at the same time but mostly at night. i have had mono a couple of years ago i tested positive for both cmv and evb. i have a family history of cancer my mother with lymphoma and my grandfather with leukemia and other relatives.
what are some tips for getting started exercising if i am depressed?
 year old daughter had reflux high temp bad stomach can it be kidney infection?
who gets parkinson's disease?
is xanax a mao inhibitor?
will graves' disease read a false positive on drug test?
sprayed and breathed in too much raid now feel exhausted and hard to breathe?
can you get infected with shingles more than once?
what kind of doctor should i see to make sure a bump on my  month old's pallete is properly diagnosed? . my  month old daughter has a hard painless nonirritated pea-sized lump on her pallete just inward from her teeth & gums. i'm not the fearful type. i just want to make sure it's not cancerous that it's not going to cause other oral problems and that it's going to go away. i'd hate for a dentist to misjudge something cancerous or a family care physician to wrongly assure me that it's not affecting oral development etc.
will you get your period if your one week pregnant. we have been trying to get pregnant. i found out on a friday that i was a week pregnant and my period came on time which was saturday! it was light then got a little heavy for about an hour with some tissue discharge. i went to the hospital and they said my lab values went down one number which they said ment i could have had a miscarriage. i am hopping they are wrong i go again friday for more blood work just wondering if this happened to anyone else before?
what are some pregnancy symptoms?
high bp / its constant. no need in change of number since last week. my brother in law's bp reached from / to / in ten days of period. after he reached / tests were performed for him. his sugar and cholesterol levels are normal. but no change in his bp number /. what should we do?
is excessive sweating during postmenopause or after postmenopause normal. this is really affecting my life style because it occurs at any time during my waking hours during and after exercise. note i have had a full hysterectomy. i'm taking citalopram hydrobromide  mg tab or sertraline hcl  mg tab for depression.
i took  tablets of (ibuprofen) every single day for about  years could my wheezing when sleeping be a side effect? . i was diagnosed with a bad hip  years ago doctors said i could take ibuprofen to ease the pain. but  years ago i started to have wheezing at night when i am sleeping and it became bothersome so i went to a chest specialist two months ago and he gave me dulera and theophylline and i have been taking them as prescribed but they are not really helping. what should i do now? it seems that doctors try to treat the problem without looking or even considering the causes of the problem.
i have started waking up at night coughing up fluid and feeling like drowning ?
i have had reactions to both niacin and statins to control my colesterol. and suggestion? . my doctor put me on a statin to control my cholesterol. and i had a reaction to it i had major muscle pain and cramps from it. so i was put on niacin vitamins and i had a reaction to it i had burning all over my body and hives broke out all over my body as well i also looked like i had a severe sunburn. and suggestions would be greatly appreciated
- days of cycle. on  days and waiting for period. pregnant? . my cycle is of - days cycle without clomid. i m on my day  of cycle without clomid and yet no period. any chance that i could be pregnant? when should i test? . i had miscarriage last year on  th week.
can i get genital herpes if i already get fever blisters? . i have gotten fever blisters on occasion since i was a child. never very bad once every couple of years during flu season. well just prior to the onset of a fever blister/flu bug my pregnant fiancé and me had oral sex the other day and the next day she broke out into a rash all over her vagina. it turns out that i gave her genital herpes without actually having genital herpes direct from my lips. well as terrible as that is should i now worry about catching genital herpes?
how do i choose the right health insurance plan for me?
i am a gonorrhea patient. but i never had sex. i just kissed a girl twice. so what is the reason? i m so depressed. pls hp
how can i convince the medical insurer to pay for newly on-the-market drugs (re cancer patient stage )? . my sister has metastasized breast cancer. afinitor appears to be the drug treatment option with the most hope. how can i convince the medical insurer to ok (and pay for) this drug treatment? what are the most likely to succeed methods to put the pressure on them for the purpose of extending my sister's life with these new medical treatments?
"do shingles itch? . this past tuesday tiny ""bumps"" appeared in what felt like a small circle in the lower center part of my back. they began to spread very quickly and itch. the ""bumps"" now hurt slightly to touch and i noticed that sitting in the seat of my car is very uncomfortable if pressure is exerted in that area. . i don't know that this is shingles but i'm not sure that it isn't. can you provide any help/information? . . thanks!"
my daughter has very painful blisters in her throat without fever or swollen glands. what could be the cause?
my daughter passed away  months ago i am having a lot of chest pain and anxiety. i my doctor says im fine is this grief. i have been checked by a cardiologist a  months ago. had a stress test done echocardiogram and an ekg. been told i am fine. just don't understand why i am having chest pain if nothing is wrong. it is a stabbing pain that only last a few seconds but comes and goes through out the day.
we were dry humping with all our clothes on and i didn't feel anything wet but i cannot be certain. could i be pregnant
does sunscreen with an spf over  actually work or are the claims for anything over  just hype?
why is my face especially my nose continually dry and peels? . i am a  year old female. i have moderate acne and my face in spots is always dry. my nose peels every single day. i slather on moisturizer and exfoliate and nothing seems to be helping. there will be some days where it isn't as bad but there is always dry/dead skin on my nose and occasionally in between my eyebrows and my chin. in the middle of the day my face will be oily. i can't seem to figure out why then my nose will be dry.
is low blood sugar a side effect of allegra. i feel shaky inside like a have had too much caffeine. i have felt this a lot since i have been taking allegra. could this be a side effect? i have made sure i have taken it with food.
i collapsed and had a back spasm i have terrible pain in back and spine?
how does maxalt work during a migraine attack?
been nauseous and had vaginal dryness for the past few days. when i do discharge it smells like blood. just had a yi. just had a yeast infection. or what i thought was one.
i have dark circles under eyes body aches and fatigue. could it be addison disease?
"could i be pregnant? . technically i did not actually have sex me and my significant other were messing around. i have pretty bad anxiety and was really concerned about getting pregnant. anyways about  or  days after the ""incident"" i got my period. this means there is no possibility of me being pregnant correct? i've been a bit light headed and bloated and have nearly convinced myself that my belly is getting bigger. again i'm wondering if it's just my anxiety and i'm talking myself into thinking i'm pregnant. i"
can i give my daughter ibuprofen after a dose (two hours ago) of robitussin cf?
my  year old mother who has been blind for over a year in her left eye her iris is now completely black?
"i have bumps on my head that act like zits but are harder to pop. there is a hard white piece that comes out. what is it. so these bumps that are on my head are hard to pop but if i keep messing with them they eventually pop there are hard white pieces that come out. sometimes they act like zits and the whitish puss stuff comes out like any other zit. but anyways the hard white piece comes out and i had thought they were calcium deposits. the last one that i had popped a small round hard piece came out that looked like an onion. that it had layers of ""skin"" and was probably mush on the inside. what is it?"
is there any way to speed up a cold once you feel one coming on?
dark spots appear on my kids skin no fever or any changes on his health?
lumps on breasts thoracic spine and shoulder blades sore could i have breast cancer?
i am  weeks pregnant and seriously contimplating leaving my husband. my pregnancy has been very difficult due to his inability to be completely supportive of me during this time. in my  tri the cat scratched me and started to become very aggressive toward me hissing etc. i asked him to remove the cat but he felt as though it was a shared responsibility & didnt do anything about the cat. i couldnt because i didnt want to go near the cat in fear of getting scratched plus it was his cat & i didnt want him resenting me. in my  tri she attacked again i got an infenction had to go to the hospital-the doh was contacted & he wound up having to take off from work to handle the situation. his complaint was that he has to do everything. since my  tri he has done some of the grocery shopping to help but refuses to pick up after himself around house. he doesnt understand how crazy this makes me and is verbally emotionally abusive when i ask him to wash his dishes saying i am a nag
how can i avoid pressure headaches when playing my oboe?
i have been taking synthroid for at least  years now want to get pregnant?
small insect bite itching resistant to epinephrine injection pills and creams getting worse?
i have had anxiety issues in the past but now what can i do to stop my obsessive worrying about my health?
can you have postpartum depression after having a miscarriage? . i had a miscarriage in june . i was two months along. i'm just wondering if i could be suffering from postpartum depression? all i do is cry and sleep have a lot of anger inside of me. this has been a very hard experience that i wouldn't wish it on anyone. i lost my job because i was out a lot my boyfriend blames me for it. i feel all alone. sorry to vent.
i'm only . i feel like i have an orgasm when i masturbate but i dont ever ejaculate. is this normal?
does obamacare cover dependents up to age  under my dental plan? . my dependents are covered under my dental insurance plan provided by my employer
what type of doctor do i need to diagnose lower abdominal pain? . i have had problems with constipation ever since radiation treatments for prostate cancer back in . after these treatments i also experienced a reaction to dairy products which i have since discontinued. . i have been dealing with it by using a fiber supplement several times a day. something is a little different this time as i have had off and on lower abdominal pain for  days now. could this be the result of straining too hard for a bm?
i have had chest xrays blood work a heart monitor and a few other things done to check my heart and everything came up normalbut?
i smoked cigs for  month averaging about  a day. just wondering if any irreversible was done. i did quit since then. i started smoking for a month after a period of depression a couple of months ago - cigs most days with a couple more on bad days. i would estimate i probably had  packs total over the period. i went cold turkey as i started to get my life together and hated the ill feeling from them. i exercise regularly and eat healthy and i am still young. i would just like to clear my head and hear that i did no damage permanent to my lungs. i know it takes a bit to recover hopefully to %.
i have hyperpigmentation on my face. what sort of concealer or base should i look for?
can i give my  year old dimetapp cold and cough medicine
what are the complications of anemia?
i feel randomly extremely hot and then randomly extremely cold getting worse?
can exercise help with a hiatal hernia and do alcohol or tobacco have any effect on (pantoprazole) protonix?
i don't like the new version of ortho tri-cyclen. it makes me emotional and i break out. can i get the older version?
what are my choses other than meds to treat adhd / high funshing- odd spectrum autisisum hyperactivity? . what are my choses other than meds to treat adhd / high funshing- odd spectrum autisisum hyperactivity? i am  and soon going to collage and do not want to be on my meds any more. any advise or input would be helpful. thank you
how is prostatitis diagnosed?
my shoulder pops out and in by itself?
over the counter medicine to resolve stomach pain from acid reflux? . i have acid reflux issues. i do pay attention to my diet and try to avoid anything that will make me feel miserable for the day. but it feels like when it comes to eating it's like walking on eggshells. like i don't know if something new will agree with me or not and i'm sick of living this way. i don't get heartburn -it's all in my stomach. is there anything i can take over the counter that will help me everyday?
still bleeding moderatly to heavy  weeks after childbirth low energy dizzy direaha moody cold can blood be the cause? . if blood is the cause what information can i search for online to help me inform my doctor of a route to take for help?
what can cause arms to fall off the steering wheel involuntarily when driving? . this happened  times already. can pick arms up to keep driving but am getting scared.
can small dogs eat seaweed soup with small hunks of beef in it? . i fed our bichon about a quarter cup of it and she woke me up at midnight wanting to go out side very badly and it was obvious when she came back in she had the runs.
left lymph node under jaw has hurt for past couple weeks. for the past couple weeks the lymph node under my jaw to the left side has been hurting. my grandmother told me to gargle salt water and i also went to the doctor and he said it should be fine. but i don't understand why the pain has lasted so long. should i go back and try to get some tests done?
what does this sound like? please help. have swollen lymph nodes all over body fatigue itchy skin body and joint pain and i feel sick but no symptoms. i also have a patch of red spots on my stomach under the skin but they dont itch. my blood work was low. wbc and cbc i am  female. i would love to know where to start looking for answers. i have had these symptoms really bad for over a month but i know that i have felt bad for a while now.
severe vaginal itching gynecologist prescribed clobetasol with no real results?
i had a dtap in  and i stepped on a nail today. do i need to get a tetanus shot? . im 
husband had a normal ekg but sinus bradycardia what is that?
do i have hiv? .  days ago i had an interaction with someone who may have had aids day  i had mild diarrhea also mild headaches day  some sort of rash under my tongue now day  feeling ill with mild nausea and night sweats absolutely certain i'm hiv positive.
i just learned that i am pregnant and i have no health insurance. . i am so happy to hear that the aca will still accept me and provide me with coverage but what options are best for me in florida? tiers are metal colors with percentages (i. e. i pay a high premium but only % of costs or slightly less and pay % etc) but how much is a regular pregnancy? which one will save me the most? should i pick a plan to be prepared for the worst (lots of complications and additional costs)?
what is a migraine?
i took bactrim for a uti while on my period; i am on low lowstrine. does bactrim affect birth control? . recently i have been spotting to the equivalent of a light menstruation. i have read that the bleeding during the middle of a cycle could point to pregnancy; however i do not recall my boyfriend ejaculating inside of me.
is blood pressure of / reason for concern? . husbands blood pressure has been high and has been  years old. he is now  health is good except for occasional migraine and gout. he takes  blood pressure meds plus lipitor and a diuretic.
my son had his aortic valve replaced with a mechanical one last year. his l - disk just went out yesterday?
concerned about my daughters recent blood work?
small area on back rash pain itch tingling an burning what is it
what foods are good sources of vitamin d?
could smokeless tobacco be the cause of stomach upset and runny diahrrea? . my husband is a smokeless tobacco user. he has had some stomach issues along with diahrrea for which there is no medical answer.
can i use naprosyn as a muscle relaxor?
my son has had a viral infection for a week and is now running a temp around  is this normal
just had a miscarriage  weeks ago. i am pregnant again. is it possible to know this early? used an otc preg test kit
how can you cool down the main vein in a males testicle that gets too hot and causes infertility?
what is the best method of obtaining health insurance when you are currently between jobs and not working? . cobra is extremely expensive. is there another plan that is more affordable?
do young people need to do hemocult stoll specimen test? . any specific age that is recommended to do the test?
is it legg-perthes-calvé disease?
i've a spot in the vision of my r eye for a few of days its like i've been looking at bright lite but isn't going a way. i do not have any head pains or eye pains no ichyness not filling light headed or dizzy. vision a little blurry in right eye only where the spot is. a few days before i noticed this spot i was hit in the left eye hard enough to cut cheeck and black eye would this have anything to do with this.
i suffer from a continuous reduction of hemoglobin?
is there a vitamin to help prevent boils?
can having diarrhea stop your period? . i started my period on sunday (wednesday now) but with the period also came diarrhea. i've been having constant diarrhea for  days now and my period just stopped after the first day. i've had a fever as well. my periods normally last + days so this is bizarre. i was hoping someone could let me know whether or not this is normal. thank you.
what to eat with hsp? . my  old grandson was diagnosed with h. s. p  weeks ago has severe tummy pains sore joints a rash on lower body. he's hardly eaten since diagnosis and his mum is trying to get as much liquid into him as possible also a probiotic powder recommended by the chemist he's lost so much weight and was a little light weight before all this happened. can you suggest anything he could eat that would make him feel a little bit better? or can you advise of any food or liquid he should avoid? . jackie
gp thinks i have tonsillitis or glandular fever what should i do?
why do you take some medicines on an empty stomach and at the same time every day?
i had convulsions nausea vomiting (to the point of bile) migraines fever hot and cold flushes?
does smoking increase the risk of atherosclerosis?
should i care about what others think of me?
should my baby run fever while teething. my son is running high fever while teething around .  is this normal?
can i drink milk or orange juice with sinusitis?
should i pluck my gray hairs?
sharp shooting pain in right eye with swelling. redness on the white of the eye in one area no eye discharge
what happens to someone when they get gallstones?
concerned about cat scan and the injection of dye
can cotaryl cream be used to cure dry and flaky skin (ichthyosis)?
lower back pain and loss of blood.
can you have hpv and actually have chlamydia?
i have some inflammation in my tonsils but i also have a thing hanging beside my uvula that's never been there before. it hurts to yawn or stretch the muscles in my throat. it feels like my throat is constantly dry like i'm swallowing sandpaper.
is it normal that my period is late? almost  days now. i've never had sex so i can't be pregnant. i'm  and i'm always regular. it was ramadan recently. so i fasted. and my sleeping pattern kind of messed up. i went to sleep at  am and woke up at  pm like the whole month. but before that i've always went to sleep at like  pm. plus i ate a lot less. everyone says i've lost weight. and i don't know if i should be worried or not. i'd reaaaaaaally appreciate your help.
if i had sex with one person and had my period  days later could i get pregnant? . i had sex with one guy on --. started my period on --. it lasted till --. i had sex with a different guy on -- and have been with that same guy since. i found out im pregnant. which was --. i went to the er for bad cramps and back pains. they took blood and told me my hcg levels were low and to come back on --. the levels had gone up. is there a chance my child is the first guys?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of benztropine?
i take zonisamide lyrica entocort ec maxalt and atenolol and now celexa. are there any known drug interactions?
what is anemia?
kindly let me know some medicine for itchy throat?
how can i save money on prescription medications?
i have bad migraine headaches cant sleep cant eat?
ive been using ssri (selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors)throughout my life i feel my sense of taste is altered?
if i already have health insurance through my employer can i still shop for new insurance via the exchanges? . just to test the waters?
what is the best moisturizer for older skin?
is it ok to take prenatal vitamins if you're not pregnant? . my husband and i noticed that after me having two kids my energy has'nt been the same so we're looking for vitamins that would help to restore my energy. we both think being that prenantal vitamins have different vitamins it would be the best way to go along with me excercising and yoga and not so good eating habits. would taking prenatal vitamins be ideal for women who are not pregnant?
"is ""proctosol hc"" still useable after the expiration date if never opened?"
is home exercise equipment effective?
why is my total cholesterol number less important than my ldl (bad) cholesterol number?
with the aca is there a one year waiting period for coverage for a pre-existing condition?
are there side effects associated with the chickenpox vaccine?
i have a mouth ulcer and sore throat. i burnt my mouth on hot food about  days ago. i have a few painful ulcers at the roof of my mouth. one large one has a white coating. i have a sore throat and woke with a white coating on my tongue this morning. could i have thrush on top on the burns in my mouth?
how long are you contagious to other people when you have sinusitis and tonsilitis?
can you still have your period if you're pregnant? . i have been trying to get pregnant within the  days before my period. i am now on my period i believe only my flow is unusually slow. usually the first day i am changing my stuff at least every two hours where as with this one its been maybe  times a day. could i still be pregnant?
my period had been late  months in a row. i have been constipated and i nearly fainted. could i be pregnant? . my lips have also become very chapped and they did in my first pregnancy too. i have taken a couple pregnancy test the first  months my period was late and they were negative but i havent taken on in over a month.
can a stretched condom still help prevent stis? even for herpes (both simplex one and two)?
i have a lot of pain in my lower arm?
post stent lifestyle reccomendations none have been given to me. after having two stents implanted i was put on appropriate meds as to my individual situation but was never informed as to what lifestyle changes i should do to lessen the chances of further complications i. e. diet exersise etc. is this normal these days?
i have genital herpes and i take zovorax everyday and i haven't had an outbreak should i still tell my partner?
what are some of the most effective at-home wart treatments?
can i workout during period? . my period started before three days and now i want to workout but i want to know if it is safe
are legal immigrants covered under obamacare?
frequent errection is this normal or is there a health concern? . i find myself becoming easily erect with the slightest stimulation my erections are frequent and i have a high sex drive. if the stimulant of my erection stops i will become flaccid within a few minutes but if the stimulant returns i will become erect again. i am able to have sex to completion often and long lasting without much rest time in between sessions i am able to become hard and engage in sexual intercourse to completion again. is this a problem?
child was born with enlarged ventricles in her brain?
my  year old mother who has been blind for over a year in her left eye her iris is now completely black?
what are the symptoms for a female if you are allergic to a male condom?
does rubbing vicks vapor rub on the bottom of your feet when you have a cold work? if so can i do this on my  yr old? . my  year old has a cold with runny/stuffy nose and cough. many mothers including my own have told me to rub vicks on the bottom of her feet and put socks on her at bed time. i've done it on mine but didn't notice a difference. i only did it a couple of nights though. . thank you . c
if my son is currently receiving chip should i apply anyway as chip expires from him in april ?
what does it mean when there is a red blotch on your scrotum? . hello i am a  year old male and just recently found a red blotch on my scrotum it isn't itchy and it is always moist i am not sure if the moisture is puss or sweat i think it might be some fungal infection or just jock rash but can someone tell me what i might have?
"can you get gential herpes from ejaculation into the vagina. is herpes transmittable through ejaculation into the vagina or it is transmitted through the ""sores"" on the exterior of the penis?"
lysol disinfecting spray during pregnancy. is it ok to use the lysol disinfecting spray during pregnancy?
how to lose  pounds. i'm  years old. i had a hysterectomy in  a hernia surgery in  a second hernia surgery to repair the first hernia surgery in  then the doctors removed a cyst from my spinal column in . i would gain about  pounds between each surgery. i currently weight .  but before my surgeries i weighed . i need help. i've tried eating less carbs drink more water and walk. since walking is all the doctors would allowed me to do. i'm desperate and need help.
how can i get rid of the fat pad in my groin area?
social anxiety. i want friends where do i go? i have such bad social anxiety when i first get to know someone but then it lessens
i am  old and having period trouble cramps separate hymen please help!
i have a white growth (lump) in the side of my throat?
my husband recently passed away. what should i do with all of his leftover prescription medication?
how do you decide what is a healthy size and weight?
is it normal for my  yr old to scream and cry when i or anyone sings? . on her second birthday i was holding her and i and everyone else was singing happy birthday and she started crying and screaming and slaped me and said no no stop.
how can i get rid of my addiction to advil?
had abortion april  had unprotected sex  day after abortion and ever since. its may  and i feel tingly breats. had abortion  april  and had unprotected sex  day after abortion and ever since. its may  and i feel tingly breasts lower back pain tiredness can i be pregnant again?
i have been experiencing upper right abdominal pain on a daily basis for  months no solution from doctor?
diagnosed with type  diabetes reduced  blood test without using metformin and lisinopril?
i always feel tired when wake up in the morning my eyes feel like a lead?
i have night sweats cant focus lack of sleep weight loss what is going on?
how to treat a second degree burn. i was dumb and burned a cookie and then touched the black liquid stuff and burned my finger. now it has  blisters and it looks like its gonna turn white. what do i do im really scared?
 old had a stroke recovered from it quit smoking. my stomach has doubled in size and its hard to breathe not fat. i smoked for  then suffered a stroke. i fully recovered from it and havent smoked since that time. its been a year and my stomach has doubled in size not from fat. it is hard like bloated and the rest of my body is fine. im  old and am very active but i get short on breath sometimes just for no reason! is it possible i have emphezima? i felt fine and had no symptems like this before the stroke! please help with answers. thank you.
extreme back pain when trying to sleep please help. during the day time i have the usual aches and pains as any other overweight  year old woman may have. i tolerate most of it with little or no assistance ( i do take aleeve at times). but lately at night i am having severe back pain. it is in the middle and comes in waves. i bought some ibuprophen pm to take. last night might have been a little better but i took it tonight and layed down  minutes later extreme back pain. why? please help.
what are treatment options for prostate cancer?
what are the symptoms that tell you when or if you need dentures?
does ovulation always rotate from one ovary to the other?
what are transformed migraines?
three month we were having sex but her vagina is too loose as same as before? is she having sex with oters guys?
i got stitches and a filling over the stitches after tooth extraction. how long do i wait to smoke? . i went to finish a tooth extraction today that the doctor couldn't finish last friday. however he still couldnt finish it because the pain was unbearable. now he recommended me to an oral surgeon and gave me stitches and put some sort of filling ( although i'm not sure what it was) on top of my stitches. it stopped the bleeding. how long should i wait to smoke? will smoking harm that area even if i wait  days?
can i take ibuprofen while taking amoxicillin?
when a woman is pregnant for  months does she save  eggs for  future ovulations?
what is a fibroscan?
can i be pregant while on the depo shot. i am having the breast tenderness. morning afternoon and night sickness. head hurts all the time. been eating but lossing weight. tired. everything that comes with pregancy. i have been on the shot for six months already and is due for it again in three days. well i was feeling sick so i took two home test. they both say postive.
why can't i use condoms as birth control after an endometrial ablation? . my obgyn says no and i either my husband or myself must have sterilization. i am just wondering why condoms cannot be used.
severe itching/numbness over right side of body. any advice? . i am a diabetic and hypertensive. i first noticed the itching about a week ago and the numbness came a few days later. it was localized to the right side of my upper abdomen but has since gotten worse. i now have the numbness down my right leg and feels like a band is getting tighter going from the mid line across the right side of my body around to my spine. just wanting to know my next step.
will the flu shot affect my birth contol shot? will it cause spotting?
how long does it take medication to enter your blood stream. how does it take a oxycodone  to enter your blood stream.
how long does it take for a torn frenulum to heal?
how can i heal a cut on my vagina? . have no idea how i can get this but it's getting bigger and hurts more. i don't have sex and am doing anything i can to keep clean. i've read about having a salt bath but does this sting badly? what else can i do?
how can i eat so much be completely inactive and still lose weight? . i eat more than anyone in my family. and due to my back problems i am completely inactive like no exercise whatsoever. but everytime i seem to weigh myself ive lost more weight. im  years old and i still cannot even get to . is there something wrong with my metabolism?
hello i am having problems with my period. im  years old and ive only had my period for about  months in this year. . i had never had intercourse so i know that cant be it. and i've been having alot of acne lately. i had a normal period when i was - but ever since then they come and go. i would have it for  months and then the next  i wont. and i have also had migraine since i was  years old i dont know if that has anything to do with it.
my boyfriend and i have as genotype advise how to avoid having sickle-cell disease babies?
i am under doctors care but i feel like i need a second opinion?
can drinking a lot of hot water cause diarreah? . everytime i put solid food in my mouth ) it feels as if i am not digesting it and i have constant heartburn and ) i have diarreah right afterwards. what could be causing this?
problems keeping an erection. i'm an  year old male i weight  pounds and i am '. i have problems keeping an erection it will get hard but it gets soft rather quickly without stimulation like a few seconds. when it is hard it usually stays a sort of mostly hard but still soft penis. i smoke cigarettes and marijuana but not to the extent where it would cause major damage. i exercise - times a week and eat healthy although i do indulge in some junk food. could i really have erectile disfunction at my age?
i am a type  diabetic and my kidneys are in the beginning stages of breakdown. how can i slow that process?
what can i say to a friend while she is having an anxiety attack? . my friend has generalized anxiety disorder and she has panic attacks pretty often. once or twice a week typically and when it's the worst daily. they get bad and it's pretty scary. i was wondering what i can do/say to her that will stop the anxiety attack or make it less bad so she doesn't have to leave class. she has a fear of throwing up that's often what causes the panic attacks even when she just has a stomachache she freaks out. she is on treatment but it can only help so much.
pancreatic cancer. is it possible to have pancreatic cancer if your lipase level is just over the high normal reference?  on a high normal of . i've had persistent nausea and diarrhea for  months.
how do i deal with broken capillaries around my nose and on my chin? is it possible to reduce the size of my pores?
can the flu booster cause permanent behavior change in babies ( months old)?
my grandma fell her ankle is now huge and swollen?
is soma safe to take if im pregnant?
what activities and sports provide teens with good aerobic exercise?
what happens if you swallow a fly?
i cough up blood but have had a ct scan and bronchoscopy that all came back normal?
what can i expect during week  of my pregnancy?
what are the top  things you tell your cancer patients when they are going through chemotherapy?
what happens if i leave my stitches in to long. my ear was bitten off and i thought they were the kind of stitches that would fall out in i was wrong. it's been  to .  weeks past the removal date what should i do
i am getting dizzy many times a day for the past two weeks now. whats going on?
four day period could i be pregnant? . i'm on birth control. i had sex without a condom on / and i got my usual period. however  weeks after being intimate i started feeling nauseous and getting pains in my lower abdomen. i took two pregnancy tests a week later and they came back negative. . i got my period again except it has been shorter. i usually have  day period and i haven't bled at all today(day ). a few days before my period came i noticed my nipples get a tad darker and there's a slightly darker line around it.
what will happen when an adult receiving  tetanus vaccines within  months?
can i take an antihistamine allergy medicine and a cold medicine together?
i hear  minutes a day; i hear  minutes a day; how much exercise do people over  really need?
i've had the chicken pox for  months now. at this point how do i get rid of them.
my friend has immunodeficiency cant eat doctors say depression any advice?
i have a coworker who thinks he may have ringworm. he's been using antifungal cream for a week. is he still contagious? . additionally while he's been using what he claims is an antifungal cream he said it has seemed to get worse. could it be something else or is it just a more stubborn case of ringworm? i'm asking these questions because while i don't have any close contact with this person we do touch some of the same office equipment/items. i have disinfected my desk with lysol wipes and have been washing my hands. i am wondering for how long i need to be more cautious (i'm kind of a germophobe as it is).
what are the risks of taking zantac  for weeks at a time?
 year old male with severe pain during urination until urine flows severe lower back pain fever of . . any ideas. the symptoms started around about  am january  at the start of urination the pain is so severe that i have to sit down to urinate. i dont have any drainage leaking or discharge. the skin surrounding the opening in the urethra is irritated and bright red. my urine color ranges from pale yellow to yellow-orange. for the past  days i have been drinking all natural juices mainly cranberry.
are there any possible side effects if i am taking microgestin fe / and want to take the slimquick supplement?
i have a pea size white spot on the back of my throat. it has been there for at least  months! right of my tonsil
pregnant after pulling out? . hello . i would like to ask if it is possible to become pregnant after pulling out before ejaculation if my partner washed himself well with soap and water between intercourse? could any sperm have remained on the penis or in the pre-ejaculate fluid after this? . i ask because i am worried i might have become pregnant this way. thank you so much
does gonorrhea cause pain. i was recently told by my local hospital i have contracted gonnoreha problem is i am in severe pain it makes my hips and pelvic area hurt so bad to were i can hardly move and cannot get comfortable i was diagnosed with hep c in  and i have not been treated yet i am going in the am. i don't understand what is causing this pain no matter what i take nothing seems to help and the pain only happens in the am. i need help on this i have never had an std in my life. please help. thank you.
does baby wipes anti bacterial wipes and wet wipes help ease the burning sensation of conjunctivitis?
i suffer from familial mediterranean fever (fmf) can i do a rhinoplasty?
who is at risk for gallstones?
ive been ill for two years lyme disease neck weakness and arm shaking is my condition treatable?
can a blood clot losen and move and get stuck somewhere else
i haven't had a period since may . had tubal  yrs ago and have pcos. could i be pregnant or something else wrong?
i have obstructive sleep apnea. do i need to use my cpap machine every night?
when am i entitled to appeal my insurance company over a denial of care?
is ovarian cancer agressive? how quickly do symptoms start to show? . my daughter had a hysterectomy a year ago. one ovary was left however it was full of cysts and has been for awhile before the surgery. now the doctor is very concerened about the ovary and she has ordered an ultrasound. so in the year could it have turned cancerous?
what surgical procedures are used to treat heart failure?
i breastfeed my baby worried that my exposure to battery acid may be harmful to me and my baby?
my -year-old often has the urge to urinate but barely goes at all. the doctor says he doesn't have a uti. what next?
does diet sodas make arthritis worse?
i don't have a regular cycle but i've been feeling more tired than usual weird food wants can't remember anything. could i be pregnant a missed period isn't a sign for me i haven't had a period since january.
"after every time i eat a meal within  minutes i have the immediately go to the bathroom. i also become very bloated. i also become very bloated and ""gassy"" almost nauseous but never threw up. sometimes i am constipated. sometimes it is normal bowel movement other times it is diarrhea but lately it becomes very soft"
do i have a yeast infection?
who is at risk for postpartum depression?
iron levels in blood to go lower? . i recently started to donate plasma to make extra money but at time my iron has been low but able to get it up to donate. as a kid i did have low iron in my blood. recently just two weeks i went to donate but my iron levels are way low and i don't understand why? i eat alot of food with high iron in it and alot of peanut butter. but still have not been able to get my iron level back up. i don't know why my iron levels have gone done? can you help me understand why?
what are the symptoms of osteoporosis?
i have been having some twitching in my muscle mostly in my right thigh? is it serious or am i overreacting? . they are not painful and only seem to happen at the end of the day when i lie down to sleep. there doesn't seem to be any noticeable weakness in my muscles and i don't really have any other symptoms. everywhere i look either says it's nothing or a serious condition. i don't want to see a doctor about something so trivial but i have a bit of anxiety about it. should i be concerned?
what is an infection (or infectious arthritis) of the knee and how is it treated?
what can i do to treat acne vulgaris at home?
small black/purple bump near vagina/size of a large pimple/slightly raised/doesn't hurt unless squeezed. what is this? . my mom told me to hold a hot wet washcloth up to it for ten minutes and if it turned white it is a pimple and i did that but it didnt turn white.
"i am having trouble keeping my penis hard during vaginal sex. the feeling/sensation in my penis seems to disappear. i am having trouble keeping my penis hard during vaginal sex. often times the feeling/sensation in my penis seems to disappear and my ""hard-on"" quickly disappears. this is never an issue with oral sex or from handjobs and alcohol is not a factor either. this is the first steady girlfriend i have ever had and find her beyond attractive more so than anyone other sexual partner in my past. i have never had a steady sexual partner in my past so the problem never had a chance to come to light."
i fell  days ago & hit my head. i have been having headaches & this morning i woke up to my ear bleeding. what to do?
im  pregnant dilated to a  feeling a lot of pressure down there should i call the dr is there a way to relieve it
is exercise recommended for someone with alzheimer's disease?
"how do i lower my hemoglobin  () from .  if my diet and lifestyle is already healthy? . i am a -year-old white man who does not have diabetes. . . . i get - hours of exercise a week -- hiking biking yoga pilates and weights. . . . i am not overweight -- i have a slim muscular physique -- i am '. "" and  pounds. . . . my diet is good - no alcohol no processed foods no added sugar. my diet consists almost entirely of fish chicken vegetables fruits nuts berries seeds and whole grains."
when do you need to see a doctor about warts?
i take bentyl for stomach cramping and connection between that and leg cramps?
i have numbness on left side of body cold hands feet heart palpitations?
what is high blood pressure?
i broke my collarbone back in  my chest seems to have become a bit deformed since the incident?
what illnesses often co-exist with bipolar disorder?
what should family and friends keep in mind when someone has breast cancer?
if the condom falls off outside of the vagina as he was pulling out the final time can i still get pregnant? . we used the condom it didn't break or pop or anything like that inside of me he ejaculated in the condom but as he was pulling out of me the condom slid off. the open end was outside of me but the filled end was stuck inside. he pulled the rest out immediately and we don't think anything spilled directly on me. no holes or rips in the condom he said it looked fine but i get soo paranoid i need to know if there is even a possibility that i'm pregnant. i keep stressing myself out about it.
my sister snorted meth voice now hoarse mucus in throat is it tonsils?
does stress cause gallstones?
i have medical problems with my right knee. i need to be in treatment but don't have insurance. . how can i get low-cost insurance to pay to get my treatment asap?
what is prostate cancer?
is it safe to have protected intercourse right after my period ends? . my boyfriend and i want to have sex but i'm afraid of pregnancy. is there any possibilities of getting pregnant if we have safe intercourse (condom) right after my period ends? my cycle is not stable each month.
is it safe to breastfeed after being stung by a bee on the neck?
can mono' cause hair loss?
what happens if obsessive compulsive disorder (ocd) is not treated?
can i swim in a pool if i have ringworm of the scalp. i started oral med (fluconazole) and scalp treatment (clobetasol propionate) prescribed by doctor yesterday. how soon can i swim in my private pool?
what is malaria?
i had a minor heart attack/myocardial infarction?
possible tdap allergic reaction? hives? . i had a tdap shot last saturday and have had hives off an on all week. could this be an allergic reaction even though it wasn't sudden?
do i have any risk in getting pregnant immediately after a miscarriage?
"i'm on the  pack sprintec birth control and take it every morning at the same time. can preejaculate get me pregnant? . i saw that within the "" week waiting period"" you can expect tightening of lower abdominal tightening and possibly upper abdominal pain (both of which i've had since my bf and i had sex a week ago). i am on my  pack of birth control pills and was under the impression that after the  month the use of condoms were not necessary. i waited til the  month to be safe. he didnt cum inside me but could have pre-ejaculated in me. should i spend $ on a pregancy test or am i being a worry wart?"
does cold weather cause more pain in the wrists after having carpal tunnel surgery (one year ago)? . as soon as the temperature dropped the constant pressure in my wrist and throbbing in lower thumb area of palm. never back to % after surgery due to typing all day this is unbearable at times. so many people have stated the cold weather has nothing to do with it.
what increases the risk of getting acne vulgaris?
do all plans have to cover the  essential health benefits or just the new plans under obamacare?
are there different types of hiatal hernias?
my stomach has gotten really large over the last several months. i exercise / times a week but i look as if i am  mo pergant it seems to be getting larger daily. i am concerned. i have had a large stomach most of my adult life but not this size. help. .
can the bacterial vaginosis transmitted in the pool?
can you use a tanning bed while on penicillin and prednisone?
is it safe to do body weight squats while pregnant. im  weeks pregnant and i was just wondering if it is safe to do body weight squats to exercise my pelvic floor muscules? its been really bugging for some reason. this is my second pregnany by the way.
what causes balanitis?
how should i choose between  insurers if the rates for both are basically the same on the exchange site?
"what are symptoms of infecting yourself through the ""triangle of death"" area on your face? . i broke the skin in the ""triangle of death"" area on my nose recently. would there be an infection visible on my nose if the bacteria/virus spread to my brain?"
feeling pinch like pain all over. feels like movement in my veins. i don't have a fever. the pain feels like a pinch and i am feeling it all over my body. sometimes in my thigh arms or back
i ate rotten tomato – small white worms now inside me – how to get them out?
can you get pregnant at  with a prolapsed uterus? . i am . i have a prolapsed uterus and my periods have become quite rare. is there any chance of getting pregnant?
advice for first gyno visit? . i am  and going for my first gyno visit tomorrow as recommended by my endocrinologist. any advice? i'm kind of nervous because i'm getting a pelvic exam and pap test.
my blood pressure is / heartbeat . i'm  female. i know this is really high. how concern should i be?
i need to quit smoking  days prior to upcoming surgery. could chantix interfere with my surgery?
how can prostate cancer be prevented?
is it possible to get pregnant without penetration on day  while wearing underwear and rub against upper pubic region. my bf was wearing shorts and track pants and i was wearing shorts. my periods are due tomorrow. i havent taken any preganancy tests yet. please advice
i have lordosis of back spine need second opinion?
what causes colorectal cancer?
i keep getting sinus drainage that leads to a full-blown cold. why cant i get a shot of penicillin anymore?
can i have cortisone injections in two different locations within a short period of time without harm? . i recently ( weeks ago) had a cortisone injection in my shoulder for severe tendonitis; however i also have been suffering from severe lower back pain (i have degenerative disk disease) for over  weeks and wonder if it is okay to have an injection in that location.
i have itchy bumps on my forearms and hands that look like poison ivy but they don't ooze. what could it could be?
wake up with severe nausea and stomach cramps. after having a large unfirm bm the nausea and cramps stop. what is it? . about once a year i get woken up in the middle of the night with severe nausea and stomach cramps. i have to sit on the toilet for hours before any form of relief in the form of a bowel movement comes. the bowel movement is typically large and unfirm (but not diarrhea). once this happens the nausea and stomach cramps stop. i go back to sleep and then get woken up again but it's less severe. the second bm is usually diarrhea. and then i'm better. i'm on no medication. what gives?
my left breast has always been bigger than my right breast but now it seems that it has grown a little more. i am  years old and i had a mammogram recently but i also noticed that my left breast has grown slightly more over the last year or so. could this be a problem?
fever or not fever! . dear doctor . i'm andrew i've . my question is about body temperature. after a parainfluenza syndrome( week ago) in the last weeks my body temperature looks a little high but i've not any symptom and i'm feel good. in the morning my temperature looks good> .  axillary - .  oral. the temperature every afternoon(.  pm - .  pm) increase to .  axillary . -.  oral. is this temperature normal or is it a low fever? . thank you in advance for your attention. andrea.
how can we get enough sleep and raise children at the same time?
can penicillin treat herpes symptoms? . symptoms like swollen glands fever sore throat etc?
can depression in children be prevented?
i have or think i have tuberculosis tb when should i contact my doctor?
if i take extra fiber do i need to drink more water during the day?
i am currently . do i have to sign up for obamacare?
i found out i was pregnant the first of this month. but now i'm bleeding i feel like it's my period? is there no baby?
i have severe pain in my legs and  years ago i develope severe migranes and im only . what could be the cause? . i suffer from pain in my legs since im  and gotten worse with the years i can just be getting up from bed and i start feeling the pain to a point that the makes me cry and in a few ocacions my legs get swollen and my migranes are almost everyday and i feel tired everyday and i do sleep alot and seems i never have enough enery.
can to much fiber cause constipation?
i have pierced ears and the holes are getting stretched out. can dermal fillers fix my ears so they are like new again? . does this hurt and who can do this? do i need to see a dermatologist or an ent doc?
how do i know what my  year old daughter has growning under her right middle finger? . its very soft and it doesn't hurt her but it's on the inside under the skin?
can children really suffer from depression?
navel bloody discharge
physical therapy exercises for a rotator cuff injury. i have diagnosed myself with a rotator cuff injury. i have been resting it (for about - months now) hoping it would start feeling better but it hasn't. it doesn't bother me in most day-to-day activities (mostly when showering when i reach for my other arm to wash it and i can't sleep very well on my right side). i'm wondering if someone could recommend some exercises i could do to strengthen my shoulder. thanks!
can you still have your period if you're pregnant? . i have been trying to get pregnant within the  days before my period. i am now on my period i believe only my flow is unusually slow. usually the first day i am changing my stuff at least every two hours where as with this one its been maybe  times a day. could i still be pregnant?
"blood vessels in hands visible? . . there have been a couple times when all the blood vessels in my hands turned red and were clearly visible looking like there was a red net drawn on the back of my hands. there was no pain associated with this but my hands are frequently very cold as they were during these occasions. any idea what might have caused this? """
can stool test be a false negative? . i have been told i am anemic hg of . my stool was tested in office about three months ago and came back neg. i now have black loose stools and pain in middle under breasts. i'm worried i am bleeding.
had surgical abortion  ago had no follow up. still no period. use condoms needed m. a pill once. is this normal?
my daughter is suffering brain cancer now in deep sleep. unable to talk what do we do now?
what areas does osteoarthritis affect?
what causes hives all over when nothing new has changed? . for over a week i am randomly breaking out my skin starts to burn then tingly itch. when i go look i am covered in welts. sometimes big swelling i couldn't bend my fingers for  days. then my forearm swelled up for  days then my lip for a few hours. when it swells it goes tingly numb like a shot at the dentist. my ears are burning my scalp my feet it pops up everywhere goes down but them comes back all day everyday. nothing new has changed. benedryl helps very little for a few hours.
abnormal pap test after a complete hysterecomy. i don't have a cervix. what does this indicate?
i am diagnosed with (heterozygous) factor v liden are my babies at risk?
bothered about - years with sores in mouth. doctors have given me clotrimazole lozenges to dissolve. not cancer. comes and goes. dont know what is wrong. want to get rid of this for good
severe period cramps with nausea and diarrhea. i am  old i had ovarian cysts when i was a teenager but they went away in my early 's. now all of a sudden in the last  months when i have my period i have bouts of severe cramps with nausea and diarrhea. this morning i had a severe bout at  and the pain reminded me of my ovarian cysts when i was younger except this was much much worse. could i be getting ovarian cysts again? could it be something else?
does flexeril cause a fast heart rate?
how many ribs do we have?
is it normal that my dr. doesn't ask for my permission regarding student shadowers? this has happened twice now. this is a primary care dr. but she also does my annual pap smear. the first time she even let the student sit with her and watch without saying anything to me. this time she asked if the student could watch and i said no but the student still stayed in the room the entire time. is this against my right to privacy? i was very uncomfortable throughout the whole exam and i also heard her discussing my personal health history in with the student before they even came in the room.
how do i stop the feeling of wanting to die? i see someone for ptsd and dont feel like it helps. i still want to die.
crooked stiff neck and slight neck pain?
ive had a fever of @ - for approximately  weeks. ive had a fever of @ - for approximately  weeks and i've now taken  courses of antibiotics. the fever dissipates when i'm on the antibiotics but comes back shortly thereafter. when i treat it with tylenol the fever also temporarily goes away. thoughts?
is it safe to take take raspberry ketones and saint john's wort together?
what kind of foods should i include in my diet to prevent wrinkles?
what is athlete's foot?
can a light marijuana user get clean in  days?
my teen has anxiety which is controlled by medication but dr wants to take him off the medication. why? is this safe? . my son was having hallucinations and was given antipsychotic meds  mos ago.  mos ago he was dx with anxiety and rx anxiety meds. he hasn't had hallucinations since.  months ago dr stopped antipsych meds. he is currently taking anxiety meds. hes doing very well and still no hallucinations. dr wants to lower dose of anxiety meds til he is no longer on med. his anixety was so severe it caused hallucinations. is it possible for a teen to outgrow anxiety to the point no med is necessary?
is collagen iv an effective antiaging product? is gluthathione iv good for skin whitening? what about pills or powders?
how can cystic fibrosis be prevented?
what happens when uti goes to kidneys
my  year old has a wet cough runny nose and rash behind the ear and on his cheek. the rash is new. what is this? . the cough and runny nose has been occurring for about  days. the rash is new today.
will anal sex cause inguinal hernia? . i recently started having anal sex. consequently i was diagnosed with inguinal hernia  months later. can anal sex result in inguinal hernia?
i have an blue eye problem area around my left eye for years now?
i occasionally develop mouth ulcers. it happens when i've eaten highly acidic foods. are there any treatment options?
i had surgery in  for ruptured ectopic preg. i currently have hydronephrosis and kidney stones?
i had an angioplasty done two weeks ago and am on blood thinners. is it ok to continue taking viagra?
can yeast medication help ringworm. crazy but my husband has ringworm all over him and i read some where that its a yeast infection so we went to get medication to cure a yeast infection. i am just asking if this would help or his my husband going to grow boobs? ha
why are children easier or more likely to get flu?
stiches is it safe to put aloe vera on them?
does depression go away? . i have suffered from depression and anxiety for almost  years. it seems like with all the research i've been doing lately that depression comes in episodes however mine is always there. i have been on two kinds of anti-depressants and tried more than once to get off them but has never turned out well. should it go away or is it a life long illness?
i have been through so many tests and surgery and have gotten worse?
the clinic where my son received a vaccine refused to give me information on the manufacturer. is that legal? . i'm using the alternative schedule.
what are the symptoms of swine flu vs. regular seasonal flu?
can a severe cough while pregnant harm the baby? . i am  weeks and i have bronchitis and all the coughing is worrying me.
can i be pregnant? . my boyfriend had a wank and ejactulated around  mins later after he wiped his penis an we was cuddling an that we was messaging about he put his dick inside me and then straight out he swears down his penis was dry but i'm a girl and i'm a nervous reck!
i have a sister who is not  years old and not eligible for medicare because she doesn't have the work credits. her income is approximately $  a year. what type of low-cost medical insurance will she be eligible for?
i am having frequent left chest pain – echo stress test ecg all normal?
is it safe to take the heart medicine toprol-xl with lisinopril for high blood pressure? are there side effects?
my ear feels like i'm underwater what should i do? . doctor said didn't have sign of infection and it feels clogged and can't hear that good
should men worry about osteoporosis and what are the signs of it in men?
is lupus a std. can lupus patients pass it to their sexual partner
what causes bleeding in the second and third trimesters of pregnancy?
what increases the risk of getting human immunodeficiency virus hiv infection?
i have been sick with over  degree fever for four days straight now?
my front tooth is rotting and has begun to break apart. half of the tooth is now missing. can the dentist repair it?
is hair loss in women different than men?
aching pain i have had in my left leg?
trying to conceive but no success need solution?
can i give my  / old baby cereal mixed in his formula to help with vomiting and hunger? . he spits up on every feeding and on more than one occasion vomited what he had ate in - at once. he eats between - every  /-. i worry at night because he throws up after being burped plenty and layed down and i sometimes don't hear him on the monitors and don't know until he wakes me up for his next feeding. we've tried cutting back on his food but he seems to only be getting hungrier and wanting to eat more frequently.
opened  boxes of sausage that was in bottom of fridge. there was alot of mold. can that make you sick? . the boxes were in the bottom draw of fridge. can that contaminate other foods? can it make you sick?
are there foods/prebiotics that can reduce the amount of 'bad' bacteria in the gut?
how do i take my blood pressure with out a machine?
my daughter has scabies shes scared she has to throw away all of her stuffed animals. help please. how do i save them? . she was diagnosed today. the animals cant be washed. what do i do? is there a spray or something that can be used on her bed as well?
i had an embolism on the right side of the base of my scull am i headed for another embo?
is there a certain time after my chemotherapy when my neutropenia may be the worst?
i have had raised bumps on my face for years now?
my heart pounds at night my ears burn and head pressure all the time and i feel dizzy most the time had for  weeks. had baby  months ago head pressure is in top temples forehead and back of head cannot sleep at night because of heart pounding
can biofeedback detect if i am on birth control pills (lutera)? . i have a doctor in the family wanting to do biofeedback testing on me for hormonal imbalance. i've been on birth control (lutera) for  days now and am having a very heavy cycle ( days long so far heavier than normal no signs of slowing lightheadedness and dizzyness). i do not want my family to know i am on lutera. will doing hormonal balance checks on biofeedback pick up on this?
chronic fatigue anxiety depression and digestive issues?
are shingles contagious. my  yr old mother is hospital with uti and now has been told the rash on her hand is shingles. i am supposed to go take care of her. i am  and had chicken pox as child slight case. should i get shot now or will it even help?
what cause a  year old to get styrep b?
does taking contraceptive pills before and after sex avoid pregnancy?
is a blood pressure of / dangerous for a man? . male 's overweight
what type of docotor can help me get rid of unwanted facial hair on my cheeks chin and neck?
i dislocated my patella and did not do physical therapy as recommended
my period is  days late i started spotting this pinkish color along with this red like slime coming out. what is wrong? . my period is never late. abdominal cramping. nausea. are all symptoms i have.
does extended antibiotic use cause liver damage? . my son has been on doxycycline for months for severe acne and i am concerned about his liver. please offer an opinion. thank you.
my ears popped on a plane ride a month ago. they continue to stay clogged. serverity fluctuates and i don't have a cold. it was initially only the right ear but it has since moved to both ears. it seems to be alternating between ears and usually clogs up more toward the end of the day. i've tried decongestants sudafed ear wax removal and dropsall to no effect. i do not have health insurance so just going to the doctor is not really probable unless i know that there is a specific cure out there. i have to pay out of pocket and i can't afford for them to tell me just to pop a sudafed!?
is it safe to take nature cleanse when on blood pressure medication?
i am  with high blood pressure asthma & congested heart failure my meds makes me sleepy \ tired need to loose weight. i can't seem to stay focused
how do cataracts develop?
diagnosed with probable viral meningitis around four years ago having numerous issues?
is oily skin an early sign of pregnancy
i'm nineteen yet my hair is graying breaking and falling out. i feel i need to see a doctor but of what variety? . i have a long family history of hypothyroidism but i was checked not all that long ago and found not to have any problems. in addition to my hair my skin is worse than it's ever been somehow both dry and oily at the same time. my nails also have white specks on them. all the web forums i've read seem to indicate nutritional issues but my diet isn't all that bad. i have no idea how to approach this or what to do - or if i need do anything.
can tretinoin cream help resolve both rosacea and wrinkles?
after drinking alcohol my heart rate increases so that i notice it. is this normal? . after a drinking session (maybe five or six beers) i notice that my heart rate has accelerated. it doesn't cause any pain but i notice it. also after going to bed i'll wake up in the night and my heart beat is accelerated. is this from dehydration? i have had a glass of water and it seems to help some but i was curious about this. any ideas? the only medication i take is prilosec. sometimes nasal spray for allergies.
i have been suffering from low grade fever excessive saliva at night dark and less urine?
i am  and had sex for the first time on the  day of my cycle. my cycle is  days. can i be pregnant. we used condoms. we had sex two times using a condom. it did not tear. but can a condom have microscopic holes? my periods are not due until two weeks. i am really really nervous. can i be pregnant? i am having lower abdominal pain.
i was hit in the ear i cant hear properly really hurts – dont know what to do?
i have a lump on my chest lots of pain and i'm tired all the time. i have a family history of cancer should i worry? . i'm  years old female with a strong family history of cancer. about  months ago i found a small lump on my chest but didn't think anything of it. about a month ago it started getting a little bigger and my breast started to swell. than i started having a lot of pain in that area so much so sometimes it hurts to use my arm. i have been tired all the time and have no energy. i have also been running a small fever off and on. should i be worried?
my daughter cries after and sometimes while eating?
my first time to have sex. will i be safe if i start taking the birth control pill one week before we have sex? . my bf will only be around for a week. i am thinking to take the pill one week before we have sex and end taking birth control pill when i have my menstruation already the next month. will i be safe with this?
how can you get affordable insurance if you are unemployed?
do any medicare supplemental plans cover adult daycare for elders with cognitive limits due to dementia?
i was in a bad car accident. since then i commonly feel completely different?
is it reasonable t /ask  gen anes verses local /  remove bartholin gland cyst/ have anxiety/ major depression worried
i have had raised bumps on my face for years now?
my son is  years old and his level is . . he is now taking  daily but what what could cause his levels to drop. my son's vitamin d level continues to drop and he is always getting sick. the dr recently increased his intake to  iu of vitamin d when his levels dropped to . . i took him back to the dr for further testing in an attempt ot find out why his levels were dropping but his dr couldn't figure it out. since his level has dropped from .  .  he has been sick twice. i know that his level was still too low but it had been going up then it dropped again.
what are the early symptoms of pregnancy? . i had sex on the  of may also was ovulating at the time and was wondering what are the early signs of pregnancy?
infatuated with dr. what can i do?
what causes stomach pain and swelling after eating every meal? been this way for  weeks. it started out about  weeks ago. i have stomach pains and severe swelling after i eat. then a couple days later i got my period and it seems my swelling is not as bad. so i went to the docter and he thought it was my gallbladder. i had blood work done normal. sent me for ultrasound normal. then hida scan normal. still having problems everytime i eat my stomach starts hurting really bad and my stomach swells some. my stomach is constanly sore. .
i am experiencing headaches due to light sensitivity. why?
does wellbutrin and/or zoloft cause hair loss? . i have been taking wellbutrin for over a year and in february  my dose was increased to  mg ( twice a day) and  zoloft. in may my hair started falling out. i have lost over / of my hairs volume in the past  months.
does mirena iud cause false negative pregnancy tests? . i got the mirena iud january   after  months my period stopped completely for the last  weeks though i have been experiencing pregnancy symptoms similar to those of my first pregnancy i have taken  at home pregnancy tests and all were negative but my symptoms are intensifying fatigue nausea occasional abdominal cramps weird bumps in my belly almost like a heartbeat headaches loss of appetite increased gaseous output.
when should i see my doctor for heartburn?
will my doctor tell my parents if i have gotten an abortion? . i plan on getting an abortion with using my health insurance. will it show when i go get an exam from my doctor? will they tell my parents too? i don't want my family to know.
how long does thc stay in your body? i smoked sunday and very little drug test in 
what could be going on with my son? . my  year old son has been having severe headaches for a couple months now so bad that he cannot sleep or move around at all he says it hurts worse when he moves. he is still eating and drinking but not as much as normal. until today there were no other problems other than headache but today he has developed a slight fever of .  and i am worried. please help
i'm  and i live with my best friend who can't have periods is it possible for me to still have a period? . i was on the depo shot for  months i have been off of the shot for  months now and i still have not gotten a period. is there anything i can do or a pill i can take to have a period?
why can testosterone cream cause nipple pain. testosterone cream causes my nipples to blanch and hurt in cool or cold weather. injectable testosterone injections cause polycythemia. my tester one level is very low and i feel awful without it. any suggestions? . harvey l simpson jr. m. d. @gmail. com. --
why was the aca created? what problems is it solving and what new ones do you think it will create?
can dogs eat peanut butter with peanuts in it (extra crunchy flavor versus creamy)? . i use a little on her dog cookies to help her take her medicine and worry the peanuts may cause an issue. she will be  years old in  months. she is a black lab/akita mix with arthritis and has a difficult time taking her pills and the peanut butter makes it easier. i just don't know about the crunchy one versus the creamy.
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of metoprolol succinate?
during a bowl movement cloudy discharge come from my penis. no pain in penis from discharge but some lower/testicle pain. this is the first time i noticed discharge. what could this be?
is there a problem with my son's baby tooth having a split that the dentist called tooth germination?
though my baby is exclusively breastfed why does he fail to thrive?
my blood test results are abnormal should i be concerned?
does anybody know any good rocking band? . gasparilla's first release in  cuba libre drink up for one of the best new party bands out. <link>
friend ejected from car. she had a craniotomy for brain swelling/bleeding but is still unresponsive. prognosis? . drunk driver rear-ended her going over  mph. she was wearing a seatbelt still ejected. broken spine brain swelling/bleeding had a craniotomy and is still not responsive. what does this mean?
does nicotine keep you from gaining weight?
can a woman get pregnant and have a period two weeks later? . my friend and i had sex in the middlish of feb (middle torwards the beginning). the day we had sex just so happened to be her last day of her period. a couple weeks prior to that she had sex with another guy which was the very ending of jan. now she is late and experiencing pregancy symptoms and it the end of feb. . . what are the chances of me being the father? . . and what are the chances of the other guy being the father?
what do i do if i have a horrible stomachache body aches nausea and weakness. but have no fever?
how do i put together a health care proxy?
my last period was <negative_smiley>. i had sex on <negative_smiley> &<negative_smiley> i started soptting <negative_smiley> could i be pergnant?
what causes shingles?
is it safe to take over-the-counter cold medicine if you are taking high blood pressure and cholesterol medication?
how can hypothyroidism be prevented?
i've been told you cannot get pregnant during your period is that % true because that would be the only way i am. i got back with my ex on august  and started my period the same day. we had sex even with me being on my period and then the period only lasted three days. now i am pregnant and due in april and i'm starting to have doubts because i admit that i was with another man before i got back with my ex and i am currently freaking out that there is a possibility that this baby might not be whose i thought it was this whole time because everyone is telling me you cant get pregnant during your period.
im  both of my parents smoke and anytime i enter a room they have smoked in i get headaches should i go to the doctor. i don't smoke tobacco and never will i have tried marijuana before but don't use it. i get these headaches even when no one is smoking but if there has recently been smoke in there. i need to know if i should just suck it up and take an ibuprofen or if i should be worried? i also get dizzy nausea and sometimes my vision blurs momentarily.
i am doing a research paper comparing and contrasting exercise and fad diets. i cant find benefits and disadvantges. there are all types of information on both subjects but i cannot seem to find the right information for my compare and contrast topic of two methods of losing weight. i chose exercise and fad dies as the two topics to discuss. i have plenty of information on exercise but having a hard time with the fad diet issue. i was hoping for some added articles to point me in the right direction.
is black soap good for oily acne prone skin and is cocoa butter or vitamin e good for moisturizing oily acne prone skin?
can chicken pox be contracted from herpetic whitlow?
what do i do for someone that burned their eyes welding improperly. was welding without proper welding helmet now i can barely keep my eyes open everything is. a blur and i have extreme sensitivity to light and a lot of discomfort. what is the best thing for me to do at home that will help the issue
what blood tests should be run if you suspect anemia?
when stopping gabapentin is it necessary to taper off? . i have been taking  mg  times a day. i got a steroid injection and now pain seems to be gone. can i just stop the gabapentin or do i need to taper off? if so what is the best way to do that?
will adema from congetive heart failure go away on its own. has had the flu with a cough chills aches and pains for  weeks
does depression go away? . i have suffered from depression and anxiety for almost  years. it seems like with all the research i've been doing lately that depression comes in episodes however mine is always there. i have been on two kinds of anti-depressants and tried more than once to get off them but has never turned out well. should it go away or is it a life long illness?
i've tried patches and lozenges but was unable to quit smoking. i smoke a pack a day. any ideas? . i have emphysema too.
can prednisone cause laryngitis. every time i go on steriods for my sinuses my voice gets horse and goes in and out
why is everyone paying more for health insurance? why do people have to switch doctors and companies? . why are my rates going through the roof? if i get the bare bones offered i lose. the president promised none of what is happening would happen so why is it happening?
why am i  and still haven't had a period? ! . i am  and have never had a period. pcos is very common in my family and i am wondering if that is what caused it or what. my husband and i really would like to start our family and have been trying to for the last two years and nothing has happened. i really need as much information as possible because i don't have insurance until june. thank you.
my spouse has health insurance through his employer. i can buy coverage for myself with them but it's very expensive. . do i still qualify to purchase a lower cost insurance through the affordable care act? i've been purchasing my own health insurance which has discontinued my plan effective january  . in order to purchase health insurance through my current carrier for a similar plan it would cost me nearly double what i have been paying.
what is exercise-induced food allergy?
i have a subconjunctival hemorage in my eye is it ok to wear contacts?
what types of insect sting reactions occur?
when bottle-feeding should my baby be upright or lying down?
how is hypothyroidism diagnosed?
how bad is smoking herbs such as mugwort and damiana? . i am aware it is harmful regardless but i wanted to know how bad it really is for someone who smokes around three pipe bowls a week. these are pure herbs with no additives. not necessarily those two only. thank you!
i have a small piece of skin under my lower eyelashes and it looks like a tiny zit. how do i get rid of it?
why do over the counter migraine medicine make my face swell. i used the kroger brand migraine medicine and it made my face swell. i haven't had a problem with any other headache medicine. i was just wondering what could cause this.
what is the reason oral steroids are given for acute bronchitis? . i have had  bouts of severe bronchitis in the past  months. each time i am put on oral steroids and inhalers and cough medicine. the symptoms and the coughing are miserable. i sound like i have smoked for years (nonsmoker). i have coughed my way through many over the counter meds so i can sleep. got any ideas what i can do to prevent this from happening again?
can i take cefdinir if i am allergic to penicillin?
what are flu symptoms and how are they diagnosed?
what is a cold?
can you take ibuprofen when taking morphine pills? if so how much is safe? . the morphine i'm currently on is  days of morphine (ms contin eq)  twice a day and percocet  every  hours as needed. or one percocet every  for severe pain which i'm not having.
what is the treatment for sinusitis?
on antibiotics/inhaler for bronchitis. soon after starting meds terribly itchy rash behind both knees. drug allergy? . started antibiotics/inhaler tuesday rash presented wednesday morning. rash is isolated to back of knees and hasn't changed in appearance or area. currently using hydrocortisone and gold bond creams.
can you have a few beers while taking antibiotics for a infected cyst? . in other words by having a couple of drinks of wine or beer does that slow the effect of the antibiotics success?
i have strange symptoms is it multiple sclerosis (ms) or amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (als)-lou gehrigs disease?
is it normal that my period is late? almost  days now. i've never had sex so i can't be pregnant. i'm  and i'm always regular. it was ramadan recently. so i fasted. and my sleeping pattern kind of messed up. i went to sleep at  am and woke up at  pm like the whole month. but before that i've always went to sleep at like  pm. plus i ate a lot less. everyone says i've lost weight. and i don't know if i should be worried or not. i'd reaaaaaaally appreciate your help.
does the baby stop moving before its time for birth.  weeks pregnant and haven't really felt the baby move in a couple of days
what can i do to treat malaria at home?
i have had a really bad dry cough and my chest hurts really bad just dry constant cough
who is most affected most by the common cold
how is nausea or morning sickness an early sign of pregnancy?
how do you break a fever in a toddler?
"i took a shower with a % cotton hot pink washrag the dye washed out in warm water is this dangerous to me? . i took a shower with a hot pink washrag and i started to notice that the dye started to wash out is this dangerous to me? i'm very nervous that this would hurt me in anyway and i wanted to ask just in case. the rag says '' machine wash cold non chlorine bleach warm iron and tumble dry low"""
what fruit and veggies are high in fiber and good for diabetes?
i have a sudden onset of swelling in both legs and ankles?
i am suffering with low back pain since last three years following doctor advice but no development?
at what age should a woman stop getting pap smears?
using colostomy bag after hernia surgery after  days havent passed stools?
how long should sutures remain in face
i have had balanitis for  years now what is best treatment?
my right nasal passage had a cold sore. now my right eye is red. i have no discharge or sleepers in my eye but the redne. ss wont go away. it doesnt hurt or itch or discharge anything. whats going on with it?
i have joint pain and muscle spasms since  now developed numbness in legs?
what is postural hypotension (orthostatic hypotension)?
i have several dark spots left by acne what do you advise me to improve these marks? . i have several dark spots left by acne i just finished treating the acne with antibiotics and would like to treat the dark spots but the beautician says it is not advisable to do a peel now due to the sun being stronger and the summer being arriving. . what do you advise me to improve these marks? some are quite recent because i had a crisis to four months ago.
can i have flue shots when i have asthma?
is headache a symptom of hiv?
what is nigrostriatal degeneration as it relates to parkinson's disease?
can a man become fertile after taking antibiotics that was infertile beforehand?
hard bump inside ear after using bobby pin what could this be? . i used a bobby pin to clean out my ear because my ear was itchy. now i have this hard like ball inside my ear. i don't know what this could be. it is a little sensitive to touch. also when i was picking my ear with bobby pin i noticed a little blood i can hear out of my ear. any ideas at all on what this could be i really appricate it
i have periodontal disease no insurance i am trying to cash flow the removal of teeth can i deny anymore xrays? . my mouth bleeds constantly my tounge is covered in blood every morning but can only afford to get a couple of teeth at a time pulled i cant afford the x-rays. my body my choice right?
i am having signs of early pregnancy. my last cycle started dec  and ended dec . it is jan . don't know if i got a false neg due to taking allergy meds. i take  different type of allergy meds. i don't know if i should call the gyno
is it normal for a doctor to put you on high blood pressure if he has not sean you before.  years old no previous heart or blood presure problems.
i may have henoch schonlein purpura need confirmation and advice?
have been spotting for  weeks now. take enpresse. never done this before and am soon to be . ? perimenopause? . had  weeks left in pill pack and started light spotting. no abdominal pain fever etc. occ. twinge of cramping. i have had hot flashes for past  years and night sweats off and on.
last time i smoked was three weeks ago and i am not a regular user. if i have a urine test in a week will i pass?
i have a  year old daughter who suffered some sort of seizure yesterday?
how do we know if our health insurance policy meets the requirements of the affordable care act?
just found out i have hepatitis c?
can i self-diagnose pcos? i have abnormal cells but can't afford recommended ct scan. are there cheaper options? . i am drug and disease-free and in the last two years have experienced increased difficulties with weight loss acne on neck very irregular periods and increased facial hair on upper lip and chin. i have been on a strict low-fat no sugar no caffeine or alcohol  calorie meal plan along with a + day/week high intensity interval training circuit for  days on  days off repeat. in  days off i'll gain back half the weight i lost in  days with a minimal change in routine.
are wart treatments effective?
how is heart disease diagnosed?
my antibiotic has given me thrush. should i stop taking my antibiotic? . i am a  year old male who is currently taking a  day antibiotic for an abscess. it is day  out of  days and i have had thrush for the past two days. my abscess looks like it is basically gone. i originally had three swollen lymphnodes one under my jaw one under my armpit and one in my groin. the only remaining swollen lymphnode is the one under my jaw. should i refrain from taking my antibiotic in hopes that my thrush will go away or should i continue taking my antibiotic anyways?
can you get pregnant  days before your period? . i wasn't in my fertile time and it's kinda stressing me out since my period has yet to start.
what are those who live in states that didn't participate in the health exchange supposed to do for health care access? . especially when they can't afford insurance even with a subsidy and/or are unemployed. why wasn't medicaid opened nationally where those like me that still can't afford healthcare at a discounted price would still be able to get medicaid regardless of what some of our governors didn't do but should have?
i have erectyle dysfunction how do i cure it for peter l. i don't have diabetes i have tried all rubs and patches for low t at the same time have used viagra cialis everything as far as a pill i have had. muse injection into uretha deep and it didn't work. i had a triple by pass in  and have been given the okay by cardiologist and go for good health but my penis doesn't work can it be from blood pressure meds. or lipids for chloresterol or ssri for anxiety and panic also have epileptic meds epival. i take pristiq and clonazepam for anxiety.
what medications and treatments are available to treat ringworm of the scalp or beard?
i have relatively high fever with cough and rash in throat?
when you lose weight only when your on your period and then gain it back what does that mean? any other time u can't
i get boils/absesses in my pubic area but they only happen at certain times of the year like fall/winter. . they start out as just a small red bump but usually get to the size of a quarter. they make a head and some pus and blood drain out but may remain red and hard under the skin for a week or so.
i just suffered intense and unbearable period cramps a massive lump fell out?
pregnancy? . my wife and i have been together well over  years and we have sex multiple times a day every single day with no condom and she hasnt gotten pregnant yet. can anyone tell me why that might be? or something that we can do? someone told my wife to take prenatal vitamins and she would get pregnant but that seems kinda stupid to me. any other suggestions?
is tendinits and arthritist the same
bullied for years and eventually i knew what it was like to be alone in the world. i was bullied for years and it was so bad that no one would talk to me at all. people would glare at me in the hallways and whisper lies about me so loudly that i could hear every word. i was verbally abused and people threatened to hurt me. it pains me to be forgotten or left. it brings me to tears. i think the emotional damage has caused anxiety! im brought to tears my body heats up and i shake a bit until i can calm myself down. its been  years and it still hurts.
my gf's period is late over  days now. we did have unsafe sex after foreplay like  mins and wear condom. pregnant?
hospitalized with double pnuemonia. then  weeks bedrest. back to work slowly still coughing. can pnuemonia reoccur?
since late last year l have been complaining about my loss of appetite and consequently loss of weight?
at  i have had migraines since my teens. recently i have daily headaches and developed rosacea. are they related?
what should i do to prevent my baby from catching bronchitis while breastfeeding? . i have bronchitis and asthma. just using an inhaler afraid to take anything else and fear my  month old might get sick. how can i further prevent and treat?
can i produce milk or watery white substance if i am not pregnant? . it happened during sex he squeezes and sucks alot. all the time. maybe he is doing that too much? or could i be pregnant? tests have said i wasnt.
ive been diagnosed with ms (multiple sclerosis)
i am recovering from the flu and my ear pops every time i blow my nose. the first time was painful. what is this?
does red light therapy help the body produce vitamin d
i have a little black dot/spot on palm of hand that goes and comes back again but in diffrent place what is it? . i have a little black dot that keeps turning out to be in diffrent places on the palm of my hand sometimes in beetween my fingers but still on the palm bit its not a wart of anything is just a little black dot/spot any idea what it could be its worrying as it changes locations on palm of hand? . the first time i saw it it was on the palm of my hand but after that i have now seen it in between my fingers still on the palm side though
have severe lower backpain left and right side no solution from doctors?
i am a thyroid pt my tsh levels are good but i keep losing weight i am now down to  what can i do to gain weight. i had my thyroid removed  years ago i have never been no more then . i am really concerned i have tried drinking weight gain supplements between meals but still cant maintain i just keep dropping.
i am suffering from cornic bhp prostate gland size usg.  grm i am on foley tube?
i am going through menopause and now have extremely dry itchy skin and red bumps. is there something you can recommend?
can the shingles vaccination cause an outbreak of shingles? . i am  years old and i had an extremely bad bout with chicken pox as a  year old child. i have ordered the vaccination through my doctor but i am wondering whether getting the vaccination will/may cause me to contract the disease? . . . .
i am  (female) and have not excercised in years. is it too late to start and also see results? . is there such a thing as toning flabby areas at my age?
i have cramping and diarrhea for  weeks now?
can you get herpes lesions on your tonsils? . i noticed a single white spot on my left tonsil while brushing my teeth. i thought it could be food and tried to rinse it out but it won't budge. i am not feeling lethargic have a fever aches or anything else. thoughts?
if because of a pre-existing condition available insurance is out of my financial reach what do i do?
isn't there a rash some pregnant women get? . daughter just moved from my home into an apartment a month ago that has water that smells like sewage. she asked if she could shower here all the time. she has sensitive skin and since she was showering/bathing in their apartment she had developed a rash all over her torso. purplish discolored lines bumbs or raised areas. tonight she told me she was pregnant. maybe in first month. she just had a misscarage less than three months ago. could it be the water or something with the pregnancy.
are there any tricks to remembering words when you have parkinson's disease?
debilitating back pain unable to do anything tests show connective tissue disease
should i tell my anesthesiologist? . i have a pre surgical appointment with my anesthesiologist in  weeks and i recently smoked marijuana and i do not plan on ever smoking again. should i make this aware to the anesthesiologist? i'm not sure if they will test for it. it obviously wouldn't have any effect on surgery or anything since surgery is long away
my  month old has been conjested for almost a month now. what is a good medicine that will help clear this up?
where is the best place to start learning to become a healthy more active individual?
how does one acquire medicare advantage?
ive had a metal rod in my arm for  years now i want it removed?
will medicaid cover bariatric banding? . i have asthma hypertension fibromyalgia bipolar disorder and hypothyroidism. my asthma doc says my asthma will be more easily controlled if i continue to loose weight. though i have never smoked and am only  my lung age was  at my last breathing test. my bmi is at  right now. i'm having no luck finding a good doctor of internal medicine who takes medicaid but wonder if medicaid would cover the cost of bariatric surgery. i have medicare as well because of disability.
how can i increase my chances of having a healthy baby with a pregnancy after age ?
is viral exanthems highly contagious in children? . is viral exanthems highly contagious in children?
if someone had chlamydia in the past and they were treated for it can they still give it to others? . gave oral to someone then found out they had chlamydia in the past i'm going to get tested but i'm extremely nervous about it
can i get pregnant the last day of my period. my fiancé and i unexpectedly had sex even those i am still lightly spotting and he didn't pull out in time but i immediately ran to the bathroom to check if any of his ejaculate was inside me. there wasn't much but i'm too nervous.
what is a cavity and what exactly causes it? how does fluoride prevent them?
i have constant diarrhea almost every day i have bowl movements  min after eating and cannot pass a solid bowel. for years now this has become a growing issue. i very rarely pass a solid bowel movment. i would say  times a month. i always have to go the bathroom  min after eating. my normal bowel movments per day is - times a day. sometimes much more depending on what i eat. i have tried over the counter anti diarrhea meds but they really dont help. i am at my wits end with this. any ideas as to what this could be? i am not covered by insurance at my job so i avoid going to the doctor at all cost.
why is my genital boil bleeding after i put ointment on it? should i stop using this particular medication? . i have a genital boil (i know it's not warts or herpes because i am not sexually active). it is painful so i put neosporin +pain relief gel on it and the next time i went into the bathroom i found it was bleeding thought it wasn't before i put the ointment on it. should
i came up positive for amphetamine was i wrongfully discharged?
how many shots of the chickenpox vaccine are needed?
how do i know if i have lupus?
what should i expect from having knee manipulation after total knee replacement (tkr)?
does waking up at a specific time every night indicate pregnancy or pre labor? . my husband and i have been trying for a few months now and he has been having dreams about me being pregnant with a little girl. also he has been waking up at  every morning could that be an indication or time i will go into labor when i do become pregnant?
been on antibiotics for three days am i still contagious? i have bronchitis. i have been on antibiotics for three days. i will be around some one that has a compromised immune system. will this be a problem?
how long does it take for hormonal birth control (pills or injections) to leave your system once you stop using them?
what treatment is suggested for non-dysplasia barrett esophagus so that cancer does not develop? . i have non-dysplasia barrett esophagus and am taking zantac and watching my diet. i i do a yearly endoscopy. but is there anything additional i can do to prevent the progression to cancer? . i am female  not overweight and i never smoked.
what are the symptoms of charcot-marie-tooth disease?
i have strong stomach aches get constipated sweaty and even feel like passing out?
does biotin help reduce lactic acid build up. i started kick boxing and doing a lot more activity in an effort to get back into shape. i was told biotin would help break down the lactic acid build up in my muscles
swelling and hard bumps on elbow sore stiff hands in the morning. should i go to a rheumatologist?
will bactrim cure strep throat? . will bactrim cure strep throat?
ive always had trouble doing the restroom so i drink laxatives. im <negative_smiley>f laxatives dont work for me anymore whats wrong? . ok so please help. im  and ive always had trouble doing the restroom. it just doesn't happen for me. sometimes it takes me  week or more to go so i have to drink laxatives. now it seems they don't work i have to take  and i just go once very little. whats wrong with me should i go to the doctor and get checked please help.
can sleep help me look younger?
i began to have pain in my left hip across my stomach and in my left groin?
what is the best over-the-counter treatment and the best cosmetic treatment for freckles and scars?
took   of nitrazam about  hours ago afraid of going to hospital?
will medicare cover surgery for osteonecrosis of the jaw. i too medication for osteropenia for at least  years and now have osteonecrosis of the jaw will medicare cover treatment?
how does fibromyalgia affect pregnancy?
can i contract poison ivy in the winter?
i have vomited every night shift in a strange way starting to accept this vomiting as normal?
why it is necessary to take  antibiotics for a diverticuilitis infection? will taking just the cipro work?
can one get pregnant if taking tri-sprintec reminder pills when not on one's period and while being sexually active? . i have just started taking this pill and am at the end of my  week about to start the non-hormone reminder pills but i think these are only to be taken while you're on your period and mine was last week. i thought maybe i should take them then but it says on the package to take all colored pills before taking any of the whites. also what do i do if my period doesn't last a whole week?
is it safe to take propranolol  mg daily and drink a six-ounce glass of red wine too?
i have severe sinus infection (acute frontal sinusitis) what are my next steps?
if i take  to  percocets at once during my first week of pregnancy is it possible to remain pregnant. if my due date is correct then within the first lets say two days of pregnancy i took  to  percocets in attempt to commit suicide though i was highly intoxicated and regret it so much i am five months pregnant but am wondering if that is possible
what causes colorectal cancer?
 year old/cough for  weeks.  year old started with walking pneumonia to clinical pneumonia to sinusitis to acute bronchitis. she has been on  different types of antibiotics and has finished them. she finished her last dose of antibiotics last tue and since thurs she has has a constant cough again. she doesn't have a runny nose and she doesn't say anything hurts except her throat. her doctor says she is coughing due to the remaining bronchitis but i'm thinking it may be something else. any suggestions would be great.
i hurt my penis it swoll up for  days and havnt been able to get an erection for  months now
my father has hairy cell leukemia blood clots formed in belly how to stop pain and clots?
having on and off heavy bleeding other than normal menstruation. why?
clicking/tick/tick in right ear. no fever or other symptoms except runny nose. iratating noise. only in the one ear.
i have bumps on my vigina and my doctor said it is not a std but they wont go away how do i get rid of them. my doctor said to sock in a tub but i have four kids and never have time for that
my employer has insurance and my husband is self-employed. is he eligible for a marketplace plan?
will this mean my acne problem will come back? . a year ago i was treated for severe acne with isotetrinoin and my skin has been clear for nearly a year. a few days ago i used argan oil on my face and it has triggered an allergic reaction. i have broken out in loads of little spots - not big pustules. . how soon will this take to pass over? and does this mean my acne will come back and stay because of this?
i had unprotected sex yesterday and i am worried about hiv and other stds. what do i do?
after reconstructive surgery i have extreme pain when i relax bladder muscles?
how much would a pregnant woman weigh after being starved for  days if she originally weighed ?
i had three episodes of hematuria had a number of tests everything came normal but still have problems?
what is a good morning routine for skin care?
"without the scoliosis i would be about '"" tall. should i use this height when calculating bmi?"
a  yr old female and just found out i was born wi/ the virus i've had no problems. im floored is this possible?
i have no insurance where can i get help with my adult add? . i was diagnosed and re-diagnosed years ago. i have not seen a doctor in about  years and have not been able to work since thus no insurance.
how much fruit can you eat as a diabetic?
can we get hiv from close mouth kising if the girl has a sore on her lips and might be bleeding or blood is present? . i didnt open my mouth just cloth mouth but maybe my lips touched some blood from the sore on her lips possible to get hiv? do i have to do test and when is the right time? i am so scared plz advise
what kind of otc cold and flu medicine can cause a positive test for thc? . i took a urine test for the methadone clinic and i tested positive for marijuana. i have not smoked or have even been in contact with marijuana for over a year and a half. so what could have caused this?
can this work? . me and my boyfriend had sex wednesday and he cum inside of me and i took two birth control pills afterwards then i took a next pill friday and the birth control pills i am taking is norgestimate\ethinyl estradiol am i going to be ok or im still going to end up pregnant
hands swelling for  hours – what should i do?
if i tell the pharmacist all the medications i take who shares that information in the system?
my husband is lethargic sleeps a lot during the day is losing weight and has no appetite?
ive been abusing a drug called coricidin cough and cold for about  years now
five yr old is throwing up has a .  fever and aslo haveing nose bleeds what is this and should i be worried?
i have a middle ear infection doctor gave me a prescription for amoxicillin need second opinion?
can a pregnant woman give hepatitis to her baby?
why does my penis itch? . all right about a month ago my penis started to itch. i figured it was just an allergic reaction or dry skin or something. but after a month i figured something was definitely going on. i started researching on the internet and all fingers point to chlamydia or gonorrhea. i called a clinic and they cant get me in until monday. and its thursday. well i sprayed peroxide into my urethra and all of the symptoms cleared up. hopefully the peroxide got rid of everything without doing any damage.
how long after taking uroxatral can you have sex?
is my cat pregnant or just fat? . my cat used to be nice and brave but now she is scared and mean. . if you guys have any answers please help! . . . thank you . caytilyn rose mattox
can cephalexin be taken for a sinus infection
i have been to several doctors about my skin rash and nothing has worked to resolve it?
 month old female has clay colored stools is it a liver problem?
how do i care for my dental implant?
i've been told by  dr. that i have to see an ent what can i expect from an ent visit? . i've been not able to breath out of my nose for almost  mo now and i don't have ins right now but i'm getting ins from the state i live in would an ent see me with/out ins? what is the processes i would have to go thrugh to find out if it's covered under my ins when i recieve it? i'm a little hesatent that i'll be turned down but i don't have any other choice in the matter. i have to see a specialist and get this taken care of.
is it possible my due date is not my due date? i can feel the baby kick since  my due date is //. last proper period  june . some spotting for a day  july. positive test  august that said - weeks pregnant. my edd is // but i feel more pregnant. very obvious bump. it's my second baby. difference in age  years between kids
what's this severe itching between my thighs? . this unbearable itch started about a year ago. the area is in between my thighs and the creases of my thighs and buttocks. the affected area becomes a darker color seems moist like a lot of sweating flakey at times and gives off an odor. my genitals have not been affected yet. the itch mainly hits me when i'm undressing from work. i end up scratching it raw sometimes too. this all started when i was working at a golf course during a hot season and constantly outdoors. what is this?
my daughter went for a college sports physical and was diagnosed with mild scoliosis. why wasn't this diagnosed before? . she is now  years old and has been for many sports' physicals because she plays soccer. her bones quit growing a long time ago and she has been . . since her early teens. why didn't anyone say something? is there a possiblility that it just now started? .
will one time pot use show up in a hair drug test from  months ago? . it was in chocolate that i didn't know was there. it was about the size of a nickel.
hi doctor. me joy . sufring fever last  only night tym attack  pm   in morning. would u hav somthing for me? . i saw doctor but it does not work sir. i live in nyc sir. give me something to stop fever.
i have hormonal imbalance i was diagnosed when i was a teenager?
my pointer finger keeps moving involuntary. . when my hand is still it moves on its own and while i am using my hand i have a weird sense of having to control it. . syptoms about  weeks. . female  yrs old. . family history of parkinsons on father's side. . i work on a computer all days and i notice it more when i am at work
what is atopic dermatitis?
why is it necessary to hold the labia open for clean catch midstream collection?
stabbing pain under rib cage. stabbing pains right side under my ribs for several weeks started in july ct scan normal. i eat healthy now it is accompanied with awful nausea and vomiting. the nausea is constant i have vomited  times in  weeks (not pregnant) i have been to so many doctors and they are really not sure what is wrong. all of the tests have came back normal ct scan with contrast blood work xrays ultrasound of gallbladder and hida scan. for the hida scan gallbladder and small bowels normal and ef %
if we cont to have sex with a used condom for a few strokes and some cum leaked out the bottom on my hip is she pregnant. the condom didn't break i made sure by doing the water test. and she has been on birth control but has been on antibiotics for a week. then stopped taking the antibiotics - days before our sex. should i get plan b?
i had sex and the next day i ovulate can i be pregnant
zoloft; diarrhea side effects? . i'm on the generic medication for zoloft and after a recent increase to  i've been experiencing what i presume to be intestinal side effects. it's not exactly diarrhea as it's not urgent and usually only once per day but it's just very loose stool. is this something zoloft(generic) can cause? i've been experiencing the side effects since i bumped it up about  days ago and have an appointment in  days. i'm not having stomach pains but should i contact my doctor now or wait  days?
i have tried about  birth control pills and they have all caused bv. is there pills that do not cause this? . i am currently using an iud and want to have it removed because of the side effects. the iud has caused extreme weight gain depression and acne. i want it removed asap but not without a plan. i have tried other forms of birth control but would like to go back to the pill. i feel as though i have no options left and this journey has been extremely difficult and emotional. every pill i have tried has caused the bacterial infection. please help!
if i do not exercise and eat a lot of protein from yogurt and protein shakes would that make me gain weight? . i am ' and  lbs
how soon can i find out if i'm pregnant without waiting till my missed period. i ended my period  weeks ago. we had a oops last night while having sex. now i'm freaked out bc my anti depression medicine is not to be taken while pregnant. i don't want to come off the pill until i get my next period bc that's not healthy for me to go that long.
can a woman become pregnant from a man who has an erectile dysfunction?
can a new pair of eye glasses cause dizziness?
i have a high fever(. ) and i haven't been able to go to the bathroom(#) for three days) what's going on?
have a dull ache that originated under my adam's apple. seems to be better when i'm laying down. throbs standing up. background - i live in an area with extremely bad seasonal allergies (not currently experiencing nasal drip though throat is a bit tender. i smoke and do so in my garage which is pretty dusty. i usually have a fan blowing toward me so that the smoke blows away. i'm in my 's have a decent weight regularly exercise and have mild anxiety and depression for which i take prescribed medication. drink  cups of coffee a day and regularly consume alcohol.
when i poop i can feel a little bit of my anus pushing just a tiny bit out of the hole. it goes back in. is this normal. when i poop i can feel a little bit of my anus pushing just a tiny bit out of the hole. it goes back in. is this normal? i have been having stomach problems recently so i felt down there once and noticed it pushes out a little. i have never had to push it back in. small trace amounts of blood on the toilet tissue
i got my bellybutton pierced but i think its infected. if i take the piercing out will the skin grow back together?
can alcohol abuse cause kidney issues?
dpotting after sex. i was ovulating yesterday and hed sex with my husband. during the course of the day i feld slight cramping around my lower abdomen. tonight  later i notice some spotting. its n brownish color. can i be pregnant?
what could cause severe groin pain?
i had sex (no condom no pill) aug  (three times and he ejaculated inside all three times) and then once on the . i got my period (i think it was)  days later. . . i am . in the past week i've noticed abdominal pain exhaustion i've cried all night without obvious reason and i am nauseous all the time until i eat something. preferably carbs. i vary between no appetite to ravenous. oh and i had my first migraine in awhile last week as well. and a headache for  days after. i know all these can be symptoms of an upcoming period but should i take a pregnancy test or is that just being hopeful?
about a month and a half ago i started getting throbbing unbearable pain from a capped tooth. what should i do? . i had a root canal  years ago and had the cap replaced for cosmetic reasons all with no problems.
what food safety tips can reduce potential exposure to e. coli?
i did not have intercourse but rubbed my penis on her vagina. here is the scenario on what happened. . so i masturbated yesterday morning and cleaned myself using a regular toiler paper. i did urinate after it multiple times through out the day. later at night my gf and i were near having sex. i did not put it in her vagina but rubbed on it. i am sure i had pre ejaculation. . what are the possibilities that my gf could be pregnant because according to her its her ovulation time.
cold exposure. why does my body get cold easily even when wearing lots of clothing and sometimes the cold tempertures will send me into a seizure of somekind.
why is fluoride put in water? how can i tell if my city has water with fluoride in it?
wondering if i have an std or maybe just a sore? small flesh colord bump above my clitoris has slight itch when touched. i noticed the bump a few days after intercourse. it hurts and itches slightly when touched but there's no white head or anything to suggest puss buildup. it's above and slightly to the left of my clitoris and i was sore there a day or so after intercourse from maybe being too vigorous? i've never had this before so i'm concerned it's an std although there's only  bump and it's flesh colored but i'm wondering if maybe it's a sore. had it for  days now.
i have petechiae spontaniously appearing on my thighs and calves need second medical opinion?
what should be done in a situation where a patient can't fight off a staph infection?
what can i use to relief skin rash when taking oxycodone?
i am suffering from hair follicle infection (folliculitis n seborrhoa)
i keep getting shut out of the healthcare. gov site because of problems with their site. . i can never finish our application. what can i do to get health insurance before dec. ?
can a fused finger be reversed or adjusted to regain motion?
what exercises can i do after  spine surgeries and in constant pain
why is exercise important for fibromyalgia?
i have been having really painful pelvic pain for about two weeks now?
i started getting a pulsing and gnawing sensation in my upper right abdomen?
how is asthma in children diagnosed?
if i took pseudoephedrine for what i thought was a sinus headache can i take acetaminophen too?
how to get fluid behind the eardrum to drain without inserting tubes?
itchy rash for + months. its on back stomach arms armpits legsscabies?
i just find out by a x ray i have  stables inside of me is it normal after surgery?
what could have happened to my elbow? . ok recently i was changing brakes on a car and i was laying on the ground trying to get a bolt of with a socket wrench i was pulling as hard as i could when it finally gave all the momentum and force went and i slammed my elbow right under my tricep above where the elbow joints if that makes any sense. it hurt so bad. its been a couple days and i have full control and it extends but it is sore sometimes and i get an occasional pop or squish noise when it extends. what could this possibly be?
i had one unprotected sex and then started the pill the next day. how much chance i have to be pregnant? . used spermicide but when got up of the bed found half of it and took the pill the next day. is it considering unprotected sex? if so what are my chance to be pregnant and how can i know if im still on the pill.
how do i stop giving my four year old daughter a sippy cup at bed time? . how can i stop my four year old daughter from wanting a sippy cup at night for bedtime? and how can i stop her from biting?
what is chirothin for weight loss? is it safe? why is it only given by chiropractic doctors? please answer for me. i would love to try this diet as i have seen rapid weight loss on you tube. what are the ingredients in it.
would full blood work including a complete blood count show lung or throat cancer? . i am at risk i believe due to genetics and smoking habits. along with chest/throat pain (which i hope is due to excessive smoking). i just had bloodwork taken last week with a complete blood count included. would lung/throat cancer have shown up on my blood work?
shap abdominal pain in upper left side of a male? . during intercourse sometimes not all the time i have sharp pain in my upper left hand side of my abdomen its sometimes excruciating and i dont tell my fiancee while we are making love. is this a problem? are there any treatments? also when i have these pains im not able to ejaculate as often and i hate not being able to especially when she is ovulating. what may be the cause of that?
i have a skin rash that looks like ringworm but isn't. its red and very itchy and spreading everywhere. what can i do? . my breakout started with one bump on my thigh then a day later there were two on my upper body. then all of a sudden the next week my whole upper body was covered in red raised and itchy bumps. i am into my second week with this and it is spreading to my face all over my arms and moving down my legs. i am not in pain but it is hard to deal with being itchy everywhere. i don't have any other symptoms. if there was a way to know what i have? just anything to help thank you.
how is pneumonia diagnosed?
can vitamins interfere with any prescription medicines?
why are the premiums and deductibles so much higher than my old health insurance which i liked? . why am i forced to buy something i do not want or can't afford?
can i get the flu shot if i am allergic to penicillin?
what can i do about the pain in the back of my head which worsens when i move?
is asthma contagious?
how is osteoarthritis diagnosed?
help! i have irregular period and also trying to conceive for  years now. i don't have a  day cycle sometimes it takes  days or  days for aunt flow to visit. recently base on my period from feb (feb ) to march (march ) it took  days and from march to april (april ) it's  days. how would i know when i am fertile? do i have to count a certain number of days from the last day of my period and number of days before the expected next period? do you have any advice on getting pregnant? please help been doing unprotected sex for  years.
how to avoid a viagra headache. i took viagra for the first time and along with the intended result i received a migraine level headache. what can be done to assure i don't experience the headache again?
diagnosed with blood brain abnormalities but mri says im ok?
how do you talk to young children about terrorism?
why can't you give children baby aspirin?
what is dopamine used for parkinson's disease?
mild numbness in my lower right leg only. no health problems woke up three days ago with it. no tingling. for three days i've had mild numbness in my lower right leg woke up with it and it hasn't gone away. i have no health issues except scoliosis. there has been no tingling it feels warm or cold but mostly just desensitized. what would cause this? should i give it a little more time to resolve on its own or see my doctor?
sex in july i've had period every month on time since then i've taken  pregnancy tests all negative am i being paranoid. can i still be pregnant? i'm really scared i'd be  weeks along if i was. regular period nausea anxiety cramps paranoia bloating fatigue dizziness hazy stomach pains constipation yeast infection at the beginning of every period
"why should people wash their hands after using the restroom? . my child told me ""i wipe with toilet paper not my hand. "" i would like a proper medical response to give her so she fully understands instead of me just telling her to do it."
i had a tubaligation  years ago and also have a minor case of endometriosis i am only  and my period stopped completely  months ago no more spotting in between nothing i am not stressed no change in daily habits diet weight nothing all urine pregnancy tests have been negative what could be wrong with me?
i was recently in the er for a bad infection concerned about atrophic liver?
my penis has felt numb since i used a body lotion as a lubricant on it. when will it return to full sensitivity?
migraine on sat. morning on mon. and still feeling dizzy and the base of my head/spine is acking should i be concerned?
i have attacks of severe upper abdominal pain that feels like pancreatitis the doctors dont know whats wrong?
is eating pork bad? . my daughter took a class where they told her pork was the worst thing you can eat. she is now paranoid. we might eat it possibly three times a month . i'm now concerned too as my dr told me it was better to eat pork vs beef due to my triglycerides. please help us!
when i masturbate i only produce pre-cum(clear liquid). so i have masturbated for almost three years now i am . when i am masturbating clear liquid will develop from my urethra i assume it is pre-cum. i masturbate for - minutes normally and i start getting a great feeling building up which i assume is me about to ejaculate. however when the feeling reaches the end i do not ejaculate and my penis stays in an erection unless i stop touching it then it goes down. i have always assumed this was me climaxing.
have there been any advancements in diagnosing or treating chronic daily headaches?
i have a tumor on my scalp?
i have experienced severe pain in both my knees feels like a sledge hammer coming down on my knees?
how do my sleep habits affect my waking hours?
sprained left ankle for a year and a half. ligament injury synovitis with effusion?
i have an uncomfortable feeling in my stomach on a daily basis now. i will feel full for no reason?
brownish discoloration on my left leg?
my boyfriend loss his sex drive after our car accident its been  years since we had sex what could cause this?
what are complications of bacterial vaginosis?
i want to know if the flu-like symptoms i'm experiencing are from the valacyclovir i was prescribed. i was prescribed valacyclovir for treatment of . i had been taking  twice daily for  days. on day  i went on a  mile run. i noticed that my lymph nodes in my neck were somewhat swollen and tender. after sleeping for  hours i woke with flu symptoms. tight neck headache congestion nausea fever chills etc. i read online that these symptoms are also common side effects of the valacyclovir. is it likely that the medication in combination with the run just brought on an actual flu?
how can valium help with vertigo?
i have long term diarrhea and it doesnt stop for months?
my wife has had an ilia conduit operation  years ago & has a stoma bag crystals forming with burning sensation?
my  year old stepson not only wets the bed every night he also pees his pants during the day. . my  year old stepson not only wets the bed every night he also pees his pants during the day. he doesn't do it at school only at home. we took him to the doctor about two years ago and they found nothing physically wrong with him. he does play a lot of video games. it seems to met since he doesn't do it at school he is able to control it. any suggestions? thanks!
what medications can i talk to my pain management doctor about to help with my sciatica and constant migraines? . i am  years old with really bad sciatica and migraines. i am seeing a pain management doctor and for now he has me on a compound cream (which does nothing). he talked about doing steroid shots and from everything i have read it's all been negative because they aren't fda approve for the use of epidural pain relief. i hate that my doctors look at me like i'm a drug seeker because of me age. i want to play with my son again without pain. thanks in advance! courtney
my stomach always growls turns and feels bloated after i eat. i also have a lot of flatulence. what could be wrong? . i am not sure what is wrong with me. my stomach growls loudly and obnoxiously after i eat and it is very embarrassing not to mention the fact its very uncomfortable almost painful. i also have excessive flatulence in addition to this. i want to know what is wrong and i am tired of sitting in class with this issue it has been going on for at least  months now. i don't eat fast and i am definently not hungry and i have tried eating more frequent it doesn't help.
can gallstones cause gastritis pain. i have had two extreme stomach pain attacks that were diagnosed as gastritis. had endoscopy performed after first attack they found no ulcers or bacteria. after second attack er did a cat scan and said there was a stone in my gallbladder. can this be causing the pain and/or irritation in the stomach lining?
if i had unprotected sex  days before my period would i get pregnant?
physical therapy exercises for a rotator cuff injury. i have diagnosed myself with a rotator cuff injury. i have been resting it (for about - months now) hoping it would start feeling better but it hasn't. it doesn't bother me in most day-to-day activities (mostly when showering when i reach for my other arm to wash it and i can't sleep very well on my right side). i'm wondering if someone could recommend some exercises i could do to strengthen my shoulder. thanks!
at what point do the early symptoms of pregnancy begin? . is the earliest sign of pregnancy a missed period or are there observable symptoms of fertilization and/or implantation that can occur before a period is missed? how early in a pregnancy can the usual symptoms start? . . . . thank you <positive_smiley>
what does ventral fat hernias and enlarged spleen have to do with drinking a few alcoholica drinks. ive never heard of su
how much would a pregnant woman weigh after being starved for  days if she originally weighed ?
in the morning before i leave for work should i eat before exercising & how long do i wait before i start exercising? . i want to excersise in the moring before i leave for work but i am unsure if i should eat before exercising and if i eat should i wait before i start exercising. .
my brother's illness bothers me a lot. i am deprived of sleep. please help.
i have a rash on my upper inner thigh could be sti and spreading?
how to reduce the trigleceride and protien from urea
what is the difference between gralise gabapentin and nuerotin gabapentin?
i have edema would a moderate to high level of fitness – decrease or eliminate the leg swelling?
what is tuberculosis?
what can i expect during week  of my pregnancy?
"i had a hymenectomy a few years ago. however the area still feels sore and makes sex uncomfortable. how can i treat it? . my boyfriend sometimes describes the area as ""spiky. "" i was wondering if there are any exercises medicines or lotions i could use to improve it."
is ampicillin good after expiration date. pills are  year past exp. date.
how can lice be prevented?
what can be prescribed to replace oxycontin  mg extended release when it will no longer be covered by insurance. i was recently denied coverage of my oxycontin  mg extended release. i have been taking it for four years. it is prescribed and monitored from a pain management facility. i cannot take morphine and am severely allergic to red and orange dye.
my workplace is offering us junk insurance will that offer keep me from getting subsidies on the exchange? . the insurance they are offering us is a fixed indemnity plan with limits on coverage of individual parts of the plan as well as yearly limits.
i get out of puff by just sitting down had chest infection  yrs ago?
i am  weeks pregnant and accidentally ate kethcup that expired over a year ago. what should i do?
have painful knots around my ears and in the back of my neck running a fever what are they. very painful running fever getting chills sweeting they are on both sides
i have breast cancer raised creative kinase is it a secondary cancer?
i have been laid off is there health insurance out there for me?
kindly suggest some solution for sudden knee pain.
is it safe to give my child an antibiotic while she is taking an iron supplement?
"i took.  of xanax fri morning  time ever. will this be out of my urine for a test wed morning? . i am a male  old '"" avg build and drink plenty of water."
what should liver counts be? . my liver count is . i want to know what the normal range is and what is considered high and low for a liver count.
can the chemicals i use to clean my home damage my skin? anything i should do to protect myself?
is there a treatment for hyperglycemia?
what is the best motivations that will get you started on your diet i tried so many things but failed <negative_smiley> plz help me. i am on this weight loss with a friend and we are finding it very hard to start. we have looked up all the information needed for weight loss and we set up our goals and meals and exercising but all of this is not going to happened if 'we cant start the diet because we feel like we cant do it and we are just so addicted to food'. anyone have a solution to this problem please help. thank you <positive_smiley>
reasons for irregular pulse
is drinking cold water bad for you? . sorry i wasn't clear about it the first time i asked. . i'm not talking about swimming in cold water.
pregnancy test positive. on the  day had slight bleeding why?
can i still end up pregnant if my man ejaculated inside of me two days before leaking cervical fluid? . i had unprotected sex on october  and on october . both times my man ejaculated inside of me. i just started to leak some cervical fluid today and wanted to know if there is still a chance that i could end up pregnant?
i have had throbbing pain under my  - left ribs that can fluctuates to unnoticeable to an ?
my wife has the the flu does she have to go to th hospital right away?
can a cold virus settle in the muscles of your back. ive had cold symptoms stuffy runny nose and cough feeling very tired and run down. now i have severe back pain. can a common virus settle in the muscles in your back
what causes sensitive skin reactions?
can i take the following vitamin dosages together? .  years old hiv+ male fairly good health.  @   mcg.  @  mg. c @   mg.  @   iu. i do not drink caffeine or any other form of stimulants ( years now). daily anti-retroviral cocktail. i do get headaches and joint pain sometimes take  to  mg of ibuprofen. should i not mix this with these vitamins? . please provide as much detail as possible to help me better understand my choices.
i have mysterious contracted muscle on left side of back somewhere on rhomboid muscle?
i have been having tingling in my legs while sitting and laying down the last few days. i just started seeing a trainer. for the last  days my legs have had this tingling in my legs. it only happens when i am sitting down or in bed. when i am moving i am fine. i went to the doctor  days ago and she did not seem too concerned. she just told me to get some blood work done to check my vitamin levels. my eating habits are getting better i am trying to loose  pounds. i just started to see a trainer. we did mostly leg exercises so maybe i pinched something? that would be the only thing i can think of.
recently i have chills extreme skin sensitivity in my torso and intense headache. these symptoms have occurred within the last week or so and seem to be getting worse. i am  years old and have had a small hernia in my groin for many years which has recently become larger harder and painful. i know i should see a doctor but i have no health insurance. i want to know if this may be a critical situation. thank you for any help.
will a normal blood test show estrogen levels?
what's in the cigarettes i smoke?
i use crutches after injured ankle and foot becomes very red and purple and my foot begins to throb?
im  and my periods are usually normal but for the past two months i havent had a period is it normally? . i also only weigh 
is it possible for appendicitis to make the entire lower abdominal area and pelvic area hurt? . i've been having severe lower abdominal and pelvic pain and nausea for  days now and it is getting increasingly worse and i'm wondering if i need to make a trip to the emergency room.
i had a lumbar laminectomy / discectomy on the - around - months ago for some pretty painful sciatica?
family history of aarskog-scott syndrome does ultrasound of my baby show hypertolerism?
when am i no longer contagious? i caught a cold then three days later developed bronchitis. i understand the cold has a three-day contagiousness window--one day before you know you are ill and two days following. but what happens when the cold develops into bronchitis? am i contagious again when the bronchitis symptoms appear? bottom line: when am i clear to return to work so i do not infect others?
marijuana. i have smoked marijuana for about  / months i weigh  i have around % body fat and my metabolism is very fast and i drink lots of water how long will it take to leave my system.
what is the relationship between obesity and overactive bladder?
 yr old son diagnosed with a staph infection in throat. prescribed clindamycin. standard? need a followup culture?
is clindamycin effective for pneumonia. for adults?
can you get pregnant from anal sex even though you are still a virgin?
no physical systems with genital warts can you have a discharge and a touch of blood with a female. been going on for over a month. some itching on the outside.
what can cause a dull menstrual like cramp pain on right side of pelvic area? . for the past  to  days i have been having a menstrual cramp like pain but it is only on the right side. it is not a severe pain but enough of pain that after  days it has worn me down and made it hard to do anything. i have taken perscription ibprofen i had left from my gallbladder surgery and it doesnt seem to help. if i put a heat pack on the area it helps but as soon as i get up and move around its right back to hurting again. im absolutley miserable. what can cause this?
"what's the difference between ""baby blues "" postpartum depression and postpartum psychosis?"
can this overwhelming hunger feeling to the point of being nauses be a sign of being pregnante? . this started around  on // and has not stopped even with food and water.
have high blood pressure. often times over /. i take medication with little help. should i be checking it at home? . i take my blood pressure a couple times a week or after having problem with getting dizzy or extreme sweating also more often if changing medications. my doctor say's i check it to often and should just not check it. not sure!
when stopping amitrityline no matter how small the dose should it be done via a weaning process? . i began taking amitriptyline over  years ago for headaches. i also take lexapro for sad. my doctor recently recommended i stop the amitriptyline. he stated it was such a low dose i did not need to do so via a weaning process. after about - days without any dose i am now having daily headaches and nausea. i am wondering if i should do this by deceasing my dose gradually.
i am currently breastfeeding and i took half of an one phentermine pill. should i pump and dump?
what's better for wrinkles man-made fillers or fat transfer?
i have herpes simplex virus  i may have passed this to my baby boy?
how are spotting and cramping early signs of pregnancy?
my  old has hard white/skin colored bumps on his chest arm leg groin area. my  old son has some bumps on his body  on his chest  on his arm  near his groin area and  on his leg. a dr. checked it  ago when he only had  on his arm she said it was a pimple and would go away they are hard and some are white and some are skin-colored they don't hurt unless they are messed with i popped one and a hard white ball-like thing came out i have been told it could be molluscum contagiosum but the bumps are not dented in the middle i do not have medical insurance
how can gastroesophageal reflux disease gerd be prevented?
about  days after being raped my gums started to swell do i have herpes?
i had mastoiditis yellowish brownish color of drainage and blood coming out of ear?
in connecticut is a doctor's office required to tell you the doctors name? . my mother needed to make a new appointment and was given a number of referral. the nurse/receptionist did not give her name the doctors name or the name of the facility. she refused to give any of this information upon request. isnt that illegal? i tried to search for it but only doctor who things come up.
how soon does depo prevara protect? had first shot june  within  days of last period?
is the herpes virus contages with out any break outs if so how can i prevent spreading it ti my kids
can i be pregnant by my symptoms or could be just an ovarian cyst? . i had  light periods and last month after my period i had horrible cramps after  weeks after my period went to pcp and she gave me pills for the pain but i have all the symptoms for a pregnancy except im still getting my period my stomach lately is stiff so im not sure if this would be bcuz related to a pregnancy or an ovarian cyst?
can exposure to yeast infection cause bacteria in urine for men? . i recently discovered i have a yeast infection i may have had in for a while and didn't know it. my husband now has uti or bacteria in his urine. how do we treat it?
can you contract a disease from someone elses sweat? wearing sweaty unwashed clothes!
 year old thinks may have osteoarthritis or
is sperm good to use as a facial cream? . my wife would like to know if sperm can be used as a facial cream. there are tons of internet rumors about this and we would like to know if there is any truth to it.
i have high triglycerides and high ldl's and i'm in excellent physical shape. how do i lower these levels without meds? . high cholesterol htn etc. all run in my family. i cut out red meats and non-whole wheat breads and pastas for about  weeks without any change. i would like to find a way to drop my cholesterol w/o going on meds. my entire family is on various cholesterol and bp meds but they're all overweight and refuse to diet/exercise. is this something i can beat w/o meds? if i continue on with high levels throughout my life would i be able to mitigate the risks of heart disease diabetes and so on?
how do anti-gas pills work and what's the best way to use them?
what does auto/car detailing include? . chicagoland detail is a fully equipped mobile automotive detailing service. we cater to clients who prefer the luxury of service without the sacrifice of convenience. at chicagoland detail we come to you with fully equipped vehicles to provide only the highest quality automotive detailing service at the time and location of your choosing. <link>
apendicitis. i have moderate pain in my lower stomach. i have green mucous diarrhea coupled with foul tasting and smelling burps. my pain is made worse when straining i. e urinating sudden movement. or deep breathing. is this gas or something more serious?
is prostate cancer hereditary?
can childhood vaccines cause autism?
i have tinnitus and was told that i may have had a jaw trauma or neck problems. how can a dentist test for jaw problems?
will abdominal injections of heperin affect my bladder muscles? . in hospital .  days. subject to four or five heperin injections in abdomen. urination painful;difficult now.
my friend is suffering from neuropathic pain after a thalamic stroke. please help.
i have chronic lumbar back pain would surgery make me regain a healthy life?
i feel hot hot hot and it is not cold outside. i am feeling hot when outside it is  degrees celsius and raining. i travel by bus and the bus is packed with people so i guess body heat from other people affects the quality of the air but i come home change clothes and i am still sweating. is there an antonym for hypothermia or is this not the right terminology? . i sweat a lot i am just under  kg and about  cm tall (if i remember well). is it a nutritional problem or an environmental problem?
i have an exceptionally violent cough. whenever i have a cold or the flu or bronchitis or anything that causes a cough my cough is very very violent. sometimes it will induce my gag reflex and cause me to vomit. after a day or so it usually feels like i have been in a boxing match my chest and ribs are so sore. coughing so long and violently i can't get air sometimes. any possible answer on how to alleviate this would be appreciated.
rotator cuff clicking/crunching/tightness. about .  years ago i noticed a left shoulder (around the rotator cuff) was very stiff and clicked much more than the right shoulder. but over the last year what's happened is my left shoulder clicks/crunches/pops a lot. also after working out my left shoulder will be extremely tight. i've been to a couple doctors and they've said it was not too much to worry about but i what's happening is no normal. there's no/minimal pain but this concerns me. -max
can my  year old take cranberry pills for a bladder infection if she weighs over  pounds?
i have anal pain and sores. any idea what it is? . sores started about two days ago. pain is worse when sitting
i am pregnant with hives what can i take?
do masturbation makes person physically weak? . im a  yr girl when i was  due to some tragedies i began to masturbate excessively without knowing anything about it i used to do it daily then weekly and now once in a month but im trying to get rid of it bcz it made me so weak & slim that even good diet is not improving my health. plz help me if u can
experiencing bad chest pains after using monistat is this normal?
i am having problems with my whole skeletal system. please help.
what if you miss a dose you pick it up the next time?
my mother has acute lymphocytes leukemia – may have had a leukemiod reaction?
i am suffering from hair follicle infection (folliculitis n seborrhoa)
how can i fight toxins in the air or environment that will age my skin?
what is adult dose regimin for prednisone  mg
there is bright red blood from my anus when i have bowel movement and when urinating?
what if i was ill when i got the flu vaccine. i just got over pneumonia. got the flu vaccine and think install had it when i received the flu vaccine. what can happen?
looking for surgery to be able to walk in high heels again?
i had an ultrasound they found a  solid nodule and said get another ultrasound in  months?
if i purchase an aetna plan and qualify for a subsidy will my network of providers be different than what i have now? . i have an aetna plan through my employer's coverage.
triamcinolone cream and fordyce spots? . i have a pretty severe case of fordyce spots and was wondering if triamcinolone cream would clear them up at all? or what triamcinolone cream actually does would it be okay to apply it on the penis?
what illnesses often co-exist with bipolar disorder?
can an antibiotic through an iv give you a rash a couple days later?
i can only orgasm when i masturbate but not when i am with my boyfriend is there a way to fix that?
i had a gallbladder removed i have a small tear leaking?
i am iron deficient concerned about the side effects of taking ferro grad c
i developed breathing difficulties approx  years ago which have worsened daily since?
does neurontin treat anxiety and depression
can you have trichonomoiasis and have kids? . just need to know if it is possible to have trichomoniasis and give birth to  babies before any symptoms appear. been faithful with my husband for two years and have had  kids but have just recently been diagnosed. i know this can stay dormant for years without any signs or symptoms but i also know it can cause some issues with pregnancy and birth. but i had two healthy pregnancies and two healthy babies. could i have been exposed before my having my children or did i get exposed after?
what if you have a uti and cipro or doxy do not clear it? . i have a urinary tract infection and the two different antibiotics have not cleared it up. i have been drinking plenty of water and finished the meds and still have the infection. what should i do?
i have recently had two tubal pregnancies. i was wondering if anyone could use cadaver tubes? is it a possibility? . i am wondering if it is possible to use cadaver tubes to replace the ones i no longer have and if so how do i go about getting it done?
i went to the er on tuesday because i was coughing up blood?
i have a lump about - under my arm on my right side half way down my rib cage. what is it? . i've never had a lump before. also i have a mole on my neck all my life. it is normally very dark brown nearly black. it is now the same as the color of my skin. could this be linked together with the lump?
what can cause vaginal discharge and pain? . im having vaginal pain not only when i pee its all the time and im have the sensation that i am peeing my pants. i ahvent had sex in at leadt  days and the pain just started  days ago im just really concerned on whats going on with me
sore on testicle turned into a soft patch of skin after scabing over what could it be i have a bit of pain. the pain feels like a tighting of a joint or muscle in between the groin and the tesicles is it possible to be causes by masterbation or exicse and if so what should i do
what is the correlation between carb intake and blood sugar increase?
i am having headache and my period is late. could it be a hormonal headache?
hi my mother  y suffer from lumber. s. s she need exercise for her knee kindly advise since she stand (with walker)
what foods or drinks can help my blood pressure?
how can crohns disease be prevented?
pain under right breast had gallbladder removed years ago no coughing or fever usually at night
what to do for clogged ears? . it seems my ears stay clogged. we'll they seem clogged. i've been to my doctor for this problem several times so he sent me to a ear nose doctor but he said nothing wrong and that my ears look good. he even gave me a hearing test. my problem is it has been a two years and my ears still fell clogged. i also get a ringing noise in my ear(s) mostly in my right ear every once in a while. sometimes when people are talking close to me i can't hear them. my doc said smoking may be causing it? help
i had the brilliant idea to inject my my husbands semen into my uterus?
i am a  year old female who is considering going back on psychiatric medication?
"how will the aca impact what is known as ""charity care"" at hospitals?"
i was exposed to someone during an outdoor run who has shinggles. can i catch it. i ran a few miles with a friend this weekend who found out she has shingles. i have never had chicken pox and i'm nervous that i could get it. we were around eachother for about  minutes outside. is it likely that i wont catch it?
i recently starting taking cymbalta for anxiety and every time i stand my head throbs like when your sick. is this okay? . i have only been taking cymbalta for two days now. immediately i felt this problem though. the day that i received the medicine i took it about mid-day later that evening is when i began to feel the head throbbing as i stood. i was on lexapro and i didnt have this side effect before that i tried celexa and had the same problem. its a throbbing pounding that last for a few seconds the same way your head pounds when your sick and you stand up. should i go back to the doctor or wait it out?
where do i go to sign up for health insurance through the marketplace in my state? . which department do i go through?
what is the treatment for osteoarthritis?
lately ive been having problems with fatigue diarrhea nausea vomiting fever chills and night sweats. ive been sick for several months now. for a while its just been a common cold but as of the last two weeks its gotten worse. at first i thought it was just alergies. the sympoms in my question have been occuring for over  weeks now and i feel as though things are getting worse. i am unable to see a doctor because i am unemployed is there any medicine i could take to help make this go away. i just dont want to be sick anymore.
what causes pain when you lower your arm after raising it? . i injured my arm lifting a box of books. had an xray which showed only some arthritis. have had some problem with pain in my shoulder when sleeping on it in the past. it is my right shoulder.
i have had stiffness of the neck for  years now. i need a real solution?
what are the signs and symptoms of lymphedema?
i woke up to numbness and tingles from the waist down its been almost a week now?
can a tramatic event effect bipolar. i have a neurological condition causing seizures and bipolar disorder. i was diagnosed at  years old. i recently was sexually assaulted and i am having new and extreme symptoms. will the ptsd cause by bipolar to get worse or change. since the attack i hear and see things and it scares me to death. will i get over the ptsd? i almost feel as though i have become schizophrenic. is that possible. the seeing hearing and physically feeling him touching my flesh is just getting worse and worse.
what is replicating or replication of a virus?
tsh level is . . about how long have i been in menopause? does it gradually increase? . partial hysterectomy  yrs ago. still have ovaries. getting anxiety and hot flashes.
so me() and my girlfriend() were doing some breast play and now she says they hurt and bruised maybe from sucking
mom has a horrible case of shingles from her spine down right leg. she had shot. / months of pain so far. why? . my mom had shingles shot  years ago. she has got a painful case from spine down her leg. she went from very strong to very weak in last / months. she can barely walk and her leg /foot is numb. what can be done to help her recover? why did she get it so bad?
"could my child have gotten type  diabetes because of something i did wrong or because of me somehow? . i was recently accused of giving my daughter a ""terminal disease"" because she is a type  diabetic. is there any way i could have been responsible for her having diabetes?"
can a woman get pregnant through anal sex if some of the mans sperm leaks out? . if he cums inside of the rectum but it leaks out a lot what are the chances of the woman getting pregnant? i'm really scared to be honest and i'm not sure what to do. i didn't clean up right away what are the chances of pregnancy?
can vicodin show up as cocaine in a drug test. my mother is saying that her doctor told her that vicodin can show up as cocaine in your system and i am trying to prove her wrong about this untrue statement she is making.
yeast infection or bladder infection? . my pee smells unusually bad. very strong smell. after i pee it feels like i have to pee again. doesn't hurt to pee. a day a ago i noticed i'm swollen and irritated. itchy. still doesn't hurt to pee. the strong urine smells gone so is the constant feeling of needing to pee. i took vitamin d and was told that could be why my pee smells bad. i don't feel sick but i'm uncomfortable. could it be a yeast infection or both?
some symptoms of pregnancy but one negative pregnancy test  days before missed period. can i still be pregnant? . my boyfriend and i decided to try and we basically had sex every other day during my fertile/ovulation days. for the last week / i've had abdominal cramping (like i'm about to get my period) bloating like you wouldn't believe sleepy more often and my breasts have gotten fuller and a little sore. i have no had any implantation bleeding. i decided to take a pregnancy test about - days before my missed period but it turned out negative. is it still possible that i could be pregnant?
i have gastric problems with itching and breathing problems getting worse?
i have been having bouts of severe stomach pain?
nephew is allergic to peanuts/peas. will playing in our pasture where there are cow pea and other legumes be harmful?
i have been putting on bug spray(off) before i go to bed at night since i have been getting bit at night. is this safe? . my roommate is not cautious about leaving the door open at night for a long time when she comes in and out. therefore we have a mosquito problem. i have only been getting bit at night in my apartment. i finally had enough of getting bit and decided to start putting on bug spray at night. is it safe for me to sleep with bug spray on especially in my bed? if not what are some home remedies i can try to keep the mosquitos from coming in when my roommate goes out? is off bad for your skin?
"what is rheumatoid arthritis and how is it different from ""old age"" arthritis?"
if you had ca-mrsa and were treated can you get it again without coming into contact with the bacteria again?
i have a nasal cyst which is caused by my teeth i cant really breath?
is surgery an option for ulcerative colitis?
can epilepsy or a long seizure cause long term memory loss? . teenage girl experienced seizure for at least  minutes before getting to er. prior events and people in her life she struggles at best to remember? seems to be okay short term memory. she has generalized epilepsy.
lump of fluid on my ear do i have cauliflower ear? . i am on my high school's wrestling team so i'm hit on the ears regularly. the lump grew in  days with no previous pain in that ear at all. . on the first day a small lump appeared about the size of a pencil eraser. when i woke up the second day the lump was about the size(diameter) of a dime. when i woke up the third say the lump was about the size(diameter) of a quarter. keep in mind every night i have wrestling practice and am hit either ear many times. also the pain is on the cartilage.
when should i seek medical care for a fever?
my nose ring is stuck and won't come out. what can i do? . i have had a nose piercing for about   years. i usually have many infections but i haven't had any for a couple of months. i want to change the piercing now but i can't seem to get this one out no matter how much i tug. i am worried that the skin has healed over the piercing making it stuck. i don't know how to remove it without breaking the skin and risking another infection. . p. s it is a nose bone but i have been able to remove nose bones in the past despite it being painful.
how can i manage swelling in my feet and legs during pregnancy?
what causes back pain in pregnant women?
it's been  years should i get my umbilical hernia fixed? . i have gotten a ct scan done on my abdominal and pelvic area about a month ago and i was told that i have an umbilical hernia. my doctor doesn't want me to treat it because he doesn't think it has anything to do with my nausea. when i told my mom she said that i had an umbilical hernia since i was born. i've researched that after birth they usually go away in about  or  years on its own. should it be something i should worry about? should i get surgery to get it fixed?
what are the early symptoms of pregnancy? . i had sex on the  of may also was ovulating at the time and was wondering what are the early signs of pregnancy?
can you put neosporin on staples
is it possible to have fake periods during amenorrhea?
i am a -year-old male taking a low dose of atenolol. can i take viagra without worries of drug interactions?
i have had stomach problems for  years abdominal pain and constipation and rectal bleeding has been more frequent?
waiting for gallstones surgery – can i have a baby?
what if patients with celiac disease don't respond to a gluten-free diet?
i made a very dumb and ignorant mistake as a  year old i took anabolic steroids?
after eating certain foods i suffer high bp loss of breath loss of strength?
my girl n i had protected sex late in the middle of her cycle. last p was aug  or so could she be pregnant or missed p? .  days after sex she told me she had a little bit of spotting could it be inplantation spotting? . we have always used protection.
if you have diabetes what can you take for a cough or cold since most of the medicines have a lot of sugar?
how do i handle my  year old son that not only thinks he is fat (only  lbs) but also thinks that he is ugly?
would removing adenoids help my  year old who has recurrent sinus infections and asthma? . - he has had  bad sinus infections in last  months. . - he has a chronic wet cough (for  months) a partially collapsed lung in spring  and a recent low lung function test - hence the suspected asthma. . - he does not respond particullary well to his asthma medication. . - when he contracts a virus his cough can last up to - hours at night. . . . thanks so much for any help you can offer.
should a  year old be allowed to wear high heels?
what are antiemetics for nausea?
at  i'm still having breakouts. what can i do to heal them?
why do men like cunnilingus. i love to make love to my women's vagina and clitoris with my mouth and tongue. i am almost addicted to this practice to the extent that intercourse is secondary. is this a condition i should be concerned about?
wondering how someone could find out if the hpv vaccine series might be the cause of onset of grand mal seizures. daughter received the series of vaccines between -. had her first grand mal seizure august  at the age of  years  months had a small seizure in september  had another grand mal november   at the age of  years. they can find no cause of the seizures. they have run two eeg exams and completed a brain mri. all showed nothing to determine cause or area of seizures.
can the symptoms of an anxiety attack last after the attack is over? (ie trembling weakness)? . i had what i think was an anxiety attack a few hours ago. it gradually got a little better but i still feel slightly weak and my legs are still having muscle spasms. i'm also having some slight trouble moving my hands (ie slow moving or muscle resistance) is this normal or should i seek some emergency medical assistance?
if i had yeast infection or bv could either one cause trich? . i was reading online that sexual transmitted infection trich can he caused by bv or yeast infections. i have a history of yeast and bacterial infections. i just recently got over strep throat. i had it twice back to back i may not have gotten rid of it the first time. i've been treated for bv  ago. and  years ago i was treated for yeast infection twice.
it feels like my heart is racing but my pulse rate is normal and i feel out of breath. what could this be? . i do suffer from anxiety. i have taken natural supplements that promote relaxation and that usually helps with my anxiety. recently my heart has been acting this way and i've tried taking the supplements thinking its part of my anxiety but nothing changes.
are bananas bad for the heart?
how to tell my grandma i got my period? . i am  old and live with my grandma. i have no relitives and live in a small town. how do i tell her i got my period. we never talked about anything like this before.
my fourth toe has been amputated is surgery possible to bring the remaining toes together?
can acupuncture reduce bone spurs? . i have gone for two accupuncture sessions for pain and inflammation from bone spurs on one of my big toes. the inflammation has significantly lessened and i no longer have pain.
what are some complications of being on bed rest during my pregnancy?
problems sleeping. but worried that i might get dependent on sleeping pills
 year old heart burns acid reflex stress out of breath can this be cancer or stress?
my husband and i have been trying to get pregnant for about a year now. what can we do to increase his sperm count?
i have unbearable pain in my leg. from my knee to my hip. taking lyrica  and clopamon   per day
i've been using depo-provera shot  yrs been off the shot for . my periods are irreglar cn i get pgt ? . after how long off the shot can i get pregnant?
ive also got grade  asthma i went for a chest x-ray they said that was fine but i still have a wheezing cough and pains?
can exercise flatten your abs?
i had a horseback riding accident and fell on my back pain is spreading?
my wbc dropped from .  to .  in  months. what are possible causes? . i'm  y/o male in good health. ride a bike - miles a day. all other blood work normal. no fever or fatigue. thanks.
my doctor said ill have fewer sinus infections if i have my wisdom teeth pulled. is this true?
does vicks inhaler contain any antihistamine?
when on bp meds and bp continues to run high (/) along with headache when should medical attention be sought? . i am waiting until next week to see my doctor. my bp has been running high for over  weeks along with a severe headache. i have tried to take an additional dose of my bp meds but it isn't helping to bring it down. i don't know if i should seek immediate medical attention or continue to wait the additional week to see my doctor?
my pediatrician says that my children need a booster  month after their first flu vaccine. is this correct?
we are a family of  making approx. $ . . we do have health insurance coverage through my spouse's work but the cost compared to income is high - $ per month leaving $ for everything else. would it be more cost effective to drop that and purchase insurance through the marketplace so that we would have more income so that we don't have to choose between paying bills or food and prescriptions?
i have no fever but i don't know what's going on. ok my body inside is hot and the outside is cold my body hurts and i can't sleep at all bc if i feel cold i get to hot when i cover up but if i take cover off i get cold but hot at same time i don't have a fever but even of i don't do no then it still the same been like this for about a week now please help
small red bumps on penis forskin after and head also pink irritation on base. happens after masterbating or intercourse. first thought it was contact dermatitis with my gf but it becomes irritated after masterbating too. it's very mild and not that noticeable unless you know it's there. when we were not using protection and had frequent intercourse it would become more severe and would flake the day after. could this be a yeast infection or some kind of bacteria?
i had intercourse with bf think he tore something inside me bleeding im scared?
mild discomfort and then mild pain in belly button region when i press that region?
is miralax safe for  year old children? .  year old that has a bowel movement every few days small amounts sometimes hard and sometimes soft. when a suppository is used a good bowel movement occurs. her doctor has issued a prescription for miralax and i am a little concerned because of the glycol chemical in it. thank you.
 month old female has clay colored stools is it a liver problem?
what do i need to know about sunscreens and sun blocks?
i (age <positive_smiley> and my husband (age ) are legal permanent residents since may . we moved to ct a few months ago. our joint income is around $  per month (quite below % poverty level). we have not worked in the usa and are not working now. we have no health insurance at present. if we apply for health insurance through accesshealthct are we eligible/qualified for any subsidies?
i have extreme inner ear pain no solution from my doctors need help?
can u have the measles vaccine if u are allergic to penicillin
can vaginal discharge irritate tear on labia minora making the tear worse? . noticed tear after sex with condom. has had it for a week will be buying epsom salt today for sits bath to help heal it. what else can i do to help heal it before my appointment next week?
what happens to someone when they get rh sensitization during pregnancy?
how does one know if there getting sterile from orchitis because of chicken pox? . i am  and have chickenpox on my tetsticles. i'm not sure if i have orchitis or not. my testicles hurt from chicken pox but how do i know if there inflammed?
i am a college graduate back in school studying for a second degree. . i work part time but have no health insurance and won't have it until next sept. when i'm in my full time nursing program. it's a huge concern of mine. what are my options for health care?
my mom has stage  hcc liver cancer and her stomach is distended what does that mean? . she has gone through cybeknife and just went through chemoembolization and now her abdomen is distended. does this mean her cancer is progressing or could this be something else?
my father is  and is taking keppra for seizures. its too expensive & we'd like to get a generic. what do you suggest? . keppra has kept him seizure free for two years.
how is low blood pressure diagnosed and evaluated?
i have a  year old son that constantly poops after eating. i don't know what is going on but he's always been like that we have told doctors but they don't take it as serious so is this normal. it doesn't seem to me like it is. could this have any other health issues realated could it cause him to have seizure or anything like that or is he eating to much. he's not overweight. he's ' 
what are the side effects make by pain killer tablets in women?
my meds have had to be adjusted  times in the past year after being on the same dose for  years. why would this be
read the details i can't write it all in here. -both fifteen. -not sure if some drops of precum got on the condom. -really stressed right now. it's about my girldfriend. ofcourse she takes tha anti-baby pill daily. but we're still afraid. we think some drops of precum have got in. but not very sure. tomorrow her period should start but i can't wait so long. i already can't sleep well. ps: we're fifteen. what should we do?
should a relatively heathy  yr. old with history of copd receive more than  pneumonia vaccines in his life time? .  pneumonia vaccine was - years ago.
a week ago tomorrow slight pain in stomach diarreah clay colored now its soild but still clay colored. concerns? . last tuesday i had ate  tablespoons of peanut butter. shortly after i started getting a small pain in the center of my stomach. i went to the bathroom  times after that. i thought maybe the peanut butter was bad. but i have had diarrhea every day since. today i have had solid stools but they are clay colored. the diarrhea was clay colored as well. could it be a virus or should i consult with my doctor?
i am a diabetic and have a chest cold. can i take diabetic tussin dm along with wellbutrin and high blood pressure meds?
i used monistat cream the day before i had sex. we used a condom and it didn't break what are the chances of pregnancy. i finished my monistat cream a day before i had sex. we used a condom and it didn't break but the cream says it may damage the condom. what are the chances of me becoming pregnant?
my mother feels anxious claustrophobic lost appetite and lethargic?
how exercise help people from have lowing blood pressure. how exercise help people from have lowing blood pressure
i had a hysterectomy but have  ovary left. is it ok for me to take over the counter estrogen pills? . i have been experiencing mood swings and hot flashes for years. the doctor said i was too young (age ) to be on hormones. i see estroven all the time. is it safe to take it?
i was doing some weight lifting yesterday at a gym where i live and i was doing some leg press lifts and my right foot is hurting a ton on the bottom whenever i flex it; especially when i point it outward. it is painful when i walk and aches when i sit for a while. it goes from below my toes to just above my heel. i'm in a lot of pain when i walk and it hurts.
pregnancy complications after bj. in the morning my girlfriend actually wanked me out and i ejaculated in tissues. throughout the whole day i urinated for only once and after that at night she started giving me a bj(without ejaculation but i supposed with some pre cum) then we actually french kissed and i started licking her private part. . this was our first time doing and she and i are actually virgin. can i know whats the likelihood of her being pregnant? i am really stressed out as i am afraid that she will be pregnant.
what is a lupus flare?
why does my skin itch when i sweat? . it seems that my arms under my neck my side and behind my knees itch extremely bad to the point where when i itch it tears the skin! i just want to know what might be causing it!
will i have a high risk pregnancy. i was pregnant before not high risk. my daughter had fetal growth restriction and had growth problem her whole life. she passed away less than two weeks after her first birthday. she was having seizures and swelling of the brain still dont know why it happened. i really want to have another baby.
typhoid attacks feverbad health?
me and my wife have been trying to have a child for two years?
can a female human get pregnant from a horse? . i do not think i am pregnant with a horse's baby but could this even happen?
my boyfriend and i are thalassemia carriers need advice regarding getting pregnant?
can you spray tan while on antibiotics? . i just started taking amoxicillin this morning and need to get a spray tan before my sister's wedding this saturday. will being on antibiotics affect the spray tan? thank you
will diabetes during pregnancy affect the baby?
does infant's advil interact with any other medications?
i feel bone on the extraction site. how to get it fixed?
i found bugs inside my white rice. will i get sick from eating the bugs
where do you feel pain with kidney disease
i've been taking norco post mouth surgery. it's making me really itchy. is that ok?
is the smell of cigarette smoke considered to be secondhand smoke
how long does residual sperm live on the penis? . i masturbated this morning ( am) and did not shower afterwards. i had unprotected sex much later in the day (). should i worry about getting my girlfriend pregnant? does sperm survive that long?
my wife has been suffering from migraine and gastric irritation. what to do?
what i should do to get rid of eye puffiness?
i occasionally experience pain during sex but i can't figure out why it happens. what's wrong with me? . i am a nineteen year old female and sometimes during sex i will feel a very sharp pain in both of my sides near my hips. the pain moves from there and down all the way to my anus. the pain is at about an / and is made worse by sitting up. it also causes me to become nauseous. i don't understand what it is. help?
i suffered a major left sided hemiparesis in july  i started suffering from violent muscle spasms in my left quads muscles?
wish to relapse into smoking marijuana after becoming diagnosed with psychosis from. what are all potential repucussions. i was diagnosed with psychosis from marijuana. i want to relapse into smoking again. please write me a list of anything (links scentences) decribing mental illnesses or stages of development of the brain where smoking marijuana would do me harm
my allergy doctor put me on singulair. how long before i should start to feel better?
how many times a day should i brush my teeth?
ive been having constant headache for about  days now?
what is the maximum amount of weight a pregnant woman can lift?
why would my fluid sometime burn the female during ejaculation. only one partner for  years. no other symptoms for me. i have no other discharge symptoms. i do eat hot peppers daily. i thought about prostatitis. i believe that lately my prostate is enlarging giving me ed at times with dribbling after urinating.
bladder problems after period feels like a uti. i am  and for four months now for a week after my period i have been feeling symptoms that feel like i have a uti. tests came back saying i was fine but i feel the need to pee all the time. i am not sexualy active. i am drinking plenty of water and tried cranberry juice.
i think i may have lymphoma or lupus what to do next?
will using a tampon help prevent incontinence during exercise?
my baby is  days old. when he sleeps his arms and legs twitch in even timing from  to  minutes. is this normal?
what would cause me to have my period for three months straight?
has it been determined that ejaculation plays a role in prevention (or postponement? ) of prostate cancer?
the zoloft my doctor prescribed five weeks ago isn't working. i've been referred to a psychiatrist. what can i expect?
i am . what % of getting shingles after getting shot (as a side effect). want to get the shot but not if i have a high risk of giving me shingles.
ive been having this right side pain for some time now my stomach is hurting as well?
can hypothyroidism cause premature menopause? . i have hypothyroidism and i am almost . my doctor thinks i might be going through the early stages of premature menopause. i have read that hypothyroidism can cause it. is this true?
is it possible to have a stomach virus without vomiting or diarrhea? . every so often i experience nausea fatigue and stomach pain as if i had a stomach virus--could this just be the way my body expresses the norovirus?
why does it seem one or booth of my testicles move up into my body durring sexual interaction?
how can i be pregnant easily? . i have polycystic doctors always gave me povera to make my menstration flow but it still doesnt work may i know the other why on how will i get pregnant easily thanks!
lately i have a very funny feeling in my chest almost like a soft shock?
i cant eat more food or i will get the sick feeling?
athlete's foot can it only be on one foot? if it does not burn or itch is it still athletes foot?
ive been having left chest and shoulder pain and now severe left flank pain possible kidney damage?
cannot deny me coverage for pre-existing conditions. but can they deny payment for kidney stone procedure lithotripsy?
i am under doctors care but i feel like i need a second opinion?
what type of lotion can i use to decrease my facial wrinkles?
can i eat food with cooked milk while taking amoxicillin? . i had some scrambled eggs made for me with a little milk that was cooked in. can i eat these eggs?
what is prostate cancer?
can tooth paste work for acne?
is botox safe to use for frown lines and wrinkles? do you know of any product that will remove the laughing lines?
what to do if you aspirate stomach acid. sometimes i wake up with severe reflux having aspirated stomach acid. . this causes severe burning of the throat and coughing to clear it from the airway. when coughing more acid comes out of the airway and causes more burning. sometimes this persists for a couple of hours then the burning subsides but there is still some acid presented when coughing for the next day or sometimes two. .
hi there! i am a  year old girl with extremely large breasts. since i was  years old and hit puberty my breasts have always been above average. at that age i wore a  and have continued to go up since then. i now wear a  after being properly fitted. my question relates to whether or not i will be covered. i suffer from back pain and shoulder pain including debilitating spasms and have since developed mild scoliosis. i am in almost constant pain from my back or shoulders and in order to exercise i need to wear at least  bras usually  sports bras and  regular one. in everyday life i have to wear two bras and because of this i have deep lines on my sides shoulders and back from the straps and have to put cream on the raw skin. i also want to know what the chances are i will be able to breast feed and whether or not i can have this surgery now or do i need to wait until i'm older? thanks so much
are fruit smoothies bad. i have done very well at loosing weight and feeling better and i drink fresh fuit smoothies for breakfast that i make myself what i want to know is is there a danger to eating this during the work week every morning for breakfast. i am not concerned about the weight dangers as i eat a lower calorie diet is there any bad effects of drinking these for breakfast on a regular basis.
what is anemia related to cancer?
could i still get pregnant? when should i take a pregnant test? . i had my period on february  and i had unprotected sex a day before my fertile day which is march  today.
i (girl) have begun dating a man who has oral herpes . i have talked with two doctors about the situation gotten wildly different takes and have not found all the answers i want online. - is oral herpes a localized infection that only sheds from previously infected areas or can it systemically shed from any skin? - my partner has a history of oral outbreaks but not genital outbreaks but received oral sex from the person who gave him herpes should we consider his genital area infected? - if my partner kisses intact skin on my face / body that is not a mucus membrane nor genital area is there a risk of infection? if i kiss my partners face (not around the mouth) what is the risk? - if my partner has clean hands is there a risk of transmission if he touches my genitals? - can  be transmitted in sweat blood or semen? - is there any test for degree of asymptomatic shedding? - how contagious is ? am i statistically in for it if i continue? thank you!
my boyfriend came in my mouth and i spit it out and fingered it in my vigina  minutes later can i be pregnant? !
vaginal discharge and swollen vagina after rough sex. had sex two days ago and it was kinda of rough and lasted a couple hours. didn't use lubricant and my vagina got kind of dry. it was really sore and swollen yesterday. today the swelling has gone down a bit but still really sore and i can see that the inside looks a little raw also i can see discharge that is white not itching and no oder. do you think this is a reaction to the rough sex or should i make an appt to see the dr.
i have or think i have crohns disease when should i contact my doctor?
why is my butt hole itchy and red/swollen?
treatment for household cleaning product allergies. symptoms are fatigue shakiness nasal/chest burning weakness and asthmatic reaction or shortness of breath. already getting immunology shots for seasonal dust mites cat dander and mold- does not appear to help the cleaning product symptoms
how can you tell if a condom fits properly? . i'm trying to find condoms that fit me but i cant seem to find any resources that outline what to look for in terms of a good fit. i've noticed that extra material can unroll (especially during use) and cause wrinkles along the shaft. the condom doesnt feel as if it will slide off rather its comfortably secure. should condoms be stretched and smooth around the shaft of a penis or is some wrinkling and sliding ok?
how do the new mammogram screening guidelines benefit patients?
white cells at  is it leukemia  im scared!
bleeding after sex pain during urination - not chlamydia not uti. lost my virginity at the start of february had a uti right after but that cleared up. been on the pill (ovranette) for about  days now and was bleeding after sex a few times while on the pill. currently on the  day break no bleeding after sex. currently experiencing withdrawal bleeding. uti symptoms for  weeks now -day round of antibiotics not very effective. test for chlamydia came back negative. only have one partner. slight itchiness only recently. pain during urination varies.
husband's acl and meniscus in right knee are tore. i need some ab exercises he can do without moving his legs please. he is in the military and will have to continue doing pt which includes sit-ups pushups and running after the surgery and recovery. he needs some exercises he can do before and after the surgery to keep his abs as well as arm strength up.
i am tired legs feel heavy and have disequilibrium doctors cant pinpoint problem?
what increases the risk of getting genital warts human papillomavirus?
could bacterial vaginosis cause a high white count. i have been fighting a high white count since last october. many rounds of anti-biotics but the discharge had been there before any of the other symptoms. same time i had a bowel change from loose stools to constipation. all levels were elevated in the beginning of all this. but now just the white count is high. saw the gyno last week and the culture showed positive for two bacterias. just wondering if this might be the reason for the continued high white count.
how to make mashed potatoes for baby
what exercises can i do  months after an  burst fracture? . before i suffered a burst fracture in a vehicle accident  months ago i was working out  days a week. i would like to get back into some sort of routine but am unsure of the types of exercises that would be safe. my biggest concern is my core and it seems this would be the hardest area to work out given my injury.
i am having a medical problem that has not been solved as of yet?
my daughter has a sinus infection and was taking a  day antibiotic. now she says her stomach is stinging and hurts. why? . the stinging is up high on her stomach and doesn't seem to be constant.
what causes hyperthyroidism?
my husband and i are in our early to mid-. we work seasonal jobs in the fall winter and spring. . how can we manage to pay for our healthcare? since we are older than the younger workers we have trouble in finding jobs that we can afford to live on. will we be fined if we can't pay the amount obamacare is demanding from us?
can sugar be absorbed through the skin? . i have type  diabetes and i work with sugar and corn syrup making candy. i notice my blood sugars are higher on the days i do this. can it be absorbed through my skin?
i have cognitive impairment. can i get dementia as a young adult?
i have warts on my hands. will those wart remover products at the drugstore work?
my period is two weeks late about a month after unprotected sex i'm worried i may be pregnant. in the first week of july i had unprotected sex and started my period the next day but it was a week earlier than anticipated. i took plan b the day after starting (around  hours after sex) to be safe and my period continued like a normal period for around  days. now my period is two weeks late and i'm getting concerned i may be pregnant. two home pregnancy tests (first response brand) and a doctor's office urine test have come back negative. is it still likely that i am pregnant?
what if i dont qualify for medicade but also have low income
how long after receiving the shingles vaccine should i wait to be around a newborn baby?
can bad blood circulation cause small penis girth (for an adult)? . to be more specific: i am  years old quite overweight/obese and am slightly below avg in girth. since being overweight/obese can cause a myriad of health issues regarding bad blood flow/circulation could this cause a lack of blood in the penis leading to a smaller girth? would losing weight and improving blood flow increase girth? would the gains be noticeable?
married post prostate cancer man thought impotent performs in affair. will he feel bonded to this woman?
"does man have ""period""? . women have period. they bleed and change emotions. men of course don't bleed but sometimes become really upset or angry for no reason. so is that period for men?"
i am  not pregnant i have never had a normal menstrual cycle i have maybe  a year should i be concerned. i have a  year old but i never had a normal period even before she was born i haven't had a period now in almost  months should i get a doctor appointment?
trying to get pregnant taking taking siphene tablets and folvite
what does it mean if my period is a week late? . i have lower abdominal bloating my bowel movements are a bit more frequent and sometimes lose stool and my period is late. since my last period ive only had sex two or three times and each time neither one of us climaxed. it was unprotected sex. also i have been stressed about transferring colleges ive been exercising a bit more and i have had a lose of appetite. the only time i felt like this was when i started on the pill which i am no longer on.
can melatonin be taken with high blood pressure med and thyroid meds? i take the other meds in the am.
why do i get so tired after exercising? . i haven't gone out and done physical activity for about a month so i just went out for a nice and easy power walk for about  minutes. i come home and suddenly i just feel sluggish and exhausted. i don't starve myself. i eat when i'm hungry and when i need to eat. i get super tired and when i come home i just knock out. because i get so tired i don't like to exercise when i have school. it's been affecting my health and my body. i really want to exercise daily. help please <negative_smiley>
i have bursitis in one arm the other arm also hurting can it be high blood pressure?
how does exercise affect my bones?
what is the adult influenza vaccine?
what kind of medical specialist treats hepatitis c?
i havent had my period in  months then i got it for two weeks nowi havent gotten it in  months and have not had sex.
im a  year old rwandan girl with asthma and thyroid condition getting worse?
i have lymp nod on my left sides swelling near my left ear and a small lump random chest pains
is ther a link between hives and herpes virus?
is a bp of   a good reading. most of the time my readings are /
if no discharge or smell but slight itching and just uncomfortable feeling in the vaginal area with slight bleedinng? . dr prescribed  days of levothyroxacine thinking i had pneumonia. it was a bad case of bronchitis. four days after finishing the antibiotic i started noticing a slight itching in the vaginal area. this morning  days later i noticed a few drops of blood coming from that area and just a constant uncomfortable feeling. i went through menopause in my mid 's a long time ago.
im a pilot suffering from a weird left ear pressure?
my sore throat is causing me to lose my voice? cough up phelm runny nose. it hurts really bad. im  wks pregnant. sore throat lost my voice runny nose and coughing up phlem. what is this and what should i do?
how can i get my  month old to take naps during the day? how long should he be eating at each feeding? . my  month old used to sleep from  to  occasionally waking around  before the time change. he would eat every  / hours to  hours during the day and would take a couple of long naps lasting anywhere from  to  hours. now he falls asleep as soon as the sun goes down around  here and sometimes wakes up as early as  am now. if i get up and feed him he will wake every  hours for the rest of the morning and then will be up at sunrise for the day usually around . he rarely naps
can i cut bupropion  in half?
what is the difference between a torn muscle and a pulled muscle?
can arthritis spread? . i was diagnosed with having arthritis in my lower back at the same time i was beginning to have symptoms in the middle of my back and now on the top of my back. i was wondering if the arthritis is spreading through my back? the symptoms are all the same and now it is affecting my whole back.
should i be treated for bacterial vaginosis if i am pregnant?
i am a  y old male just found pinkish colour in my seamen. no
i am  old and having period trouble cramps separate hymen please help!
period like symptoms no period? or could i be pregnant. hi i've had for the last week. slight cramping on and off. sore breasts. milky white discharge over a week. period is  days late. it does feel like my period is coming but nothing. have had unprotected sex with partner. and have done test at  days late but negative
i just finished my chemo treatment and want to know how i can tell if i'm going to have neutropenia?
"why do children bite their own arms? . my six year old just told me that he has been biting his arms at bedtime before falling asleep. when i asked him why he said ""i don't know. my brain just tells me to do it. """
is it possible to get pregnant from swallowing or anal sex?
do you think i have a std? please answer i'm really worried. my bestfriend and i gave eachother blowjobs. we are straight just experimented. we did for a period of time when i was in  and he was in . then maybe a little during my freshman summer before my soph year. i never did anything like that with anyone else. i'm a senior now. i had a red bump sore on my penis shaft years ago but not sure when that showed up. also had rash on tops of my hands and feet that i've had for years that the doctor said is contact dermatitus.
i used to catch colds very frequently.  years ago it suddenly stopped and i haven't caught one since. is it normal? . i'm . i used to work in a kindergarten and catch colds very easily (- times a year). before that i used to catch - colds a year. it's been  years since my last cold. i was going through a period where my students were always sick. and then it stopped. moreover even if my wife (got married  years ago) gets sick quite often i never get her colds. ever. i find it really weird that whatever i do i don't catch colds anymore. am i just lucky or is there something more?
what increases the risk of getting hyperthyroidism?
my  / month old is batteling allergies. what can i give her? . she is sneezing coughing has a red and running eye. she is rubbing her eye like it is itching.
what does a black fuzzy tongue mean?
sprained ankle causing horrible pain when i'm sleeping. wakes me up and doesn't feel better unless i stand. had x-ray cat scan ultrasound. may have hairline fracture but to much blood to get a good look. tested for blood clot but nothing. pain wakes me up and afraid to fall back asleep. tried elevating it but this makes it worse. any ideas.
my medications aren't working for mood stability but my doctor doesn't want to change anything. what should i do? . i have been on and off psych medications for almost eight years now (i started to be medicated for major depression when i was  then they started treating me for bipolar /bpd along with anxiety ptsd and psychotic episodes). along with the constant medication shifts until my current psychiatrist refuses to change my medication i was hospitalized in a state mental facility went through ect treatments and psychotherapy. i don't know what to do. please help.
"a friend of mine is having a problem urinating today. he's  overweight '"" . would drinking some  help? . he's had issues at night with getting up sometimes - times a night. only today has the issue been nothing seems to come out even though he feels the need to go. what should he do?"
my mom is in a depressionwhat can i do?
what is a fistula?
when to stop losing weight. question is. - months ago i weighed . i'm  '. i started. excersising - days a week bout an hour a day. started eating more fruits and nuts. mainly for breakfast and normal dinners just lower portions. i now weigh . people tell me to quit losing weight? when. do i know to stop losing weight?
i have white film red tip tongue which is burning and very sore whole mouth hurts into throat do i need to see dr?
i have an itch all over my body. it is an intense itch almost painful at times. i took benadryl last night and have aveeno cream but its back.
is it normal for a  year old to lick everything?
why would mucous suddenly come through the tear duct when blowing my nose with a sinus infection?
after an abcess has been opened and drained will the surrounding area still be red and sensitive?
my fingers are cold. i never experienced this before. i am a  year old male. my fingers recently get cold. i am indoors and they are colder in the right hand than the left.
girlfriend has been on birth control for  days (orsythia) today the condom broke. do i need to buy plan b? . as stated above today is her  day on birth control pills and we always use a condom but unfortunately it broke today. do i bother buying plan b or should i not worry? (if plan b will even help while you're on birth control)
what is liposuction?
damaged my knee what are available treatment options & recovery time required?
orp surgery  kegels  and still. can control peeing in full flow. why loss of dribble control  full flow? . i had open radical prostatectomy surgery on . i started my kegel exercises before surgery and are still continuing with them. i can control stopping and restarting peeing in full flow but have no control at this time on the dribbling before the full flow. which set of muscles or nerves are no more available or functional to control the dribble? what are my options to control the dribble?
what expert that help transgender issues
i am  year boy. i have ancne in my face. it left some black spot. what will i have to do to get rid of it?
how to give insulin injection and how do you determine how much insulin to give.
should post menapausal women take pre natal vitamins
can psychiatric drugs induce constipation?
who needs a mouth guard?
my doctor gave me lorcet for a hernia. i am  weeks pregnant. is lorcet ok to take?
i get sinusitis a lot. i get treated but then my sisnsitis comes back pretty fast sometimes. should i see a specialist? . i have tried nasal sprays decongestants antibiotics and even allergy pills. while i'm on the medicine i'm doing good but when i stop it always seems to come back. sometimes within a few days other times i'm good for a few weeks. should i aske to see a ent specialiest?
we had intercourse the  and  and ovulated the  when did i get pregnant
i have pain in chest my doctor thinks it is inflammation but i am not sure?
if prenatal vitamins are extra good for you when youre pregnant why not take them all the time?
what is trench foot
can i use ky jelly and emla cream together for vaginal sex? is it safe to use both at same time. i find it very hard no matter how wet i am naturally. my husband tried ky jelly but it was not helpful. we are married for many year but did not have sex because of pain. i have no bad experience and psychological problem just cannot bear the pain
my grandfather passed away at hospital choked on food?
is it possible for chlamydia to go undetected in an std test? . about a year ago i was diagnosed with chlamydia but didn't get treated i could not afford the medicine. i decide to go back to the doctor (a different one). i just got the call i am negative chlamydia. i never told her i tested positive for it. but i did tell her that i'm sure i'm going to test positive for something. i also realized that she didn't take a urine sample from me only culture sample. is it possible chlamydia can go undetected in a culture sample? can it clear up on it's own?
i think i mite be pregnant my period was suppose to come on the  of july i'm a day late but i'm having lower back pain. hello me and my bf been tryn to have a baby. i had a miscarriage in april. i was supposed to come on my period on the  of july n i'm late no period but i'm having lower back pain like i was having when i had my miscarriage. i'm trying to hold off on taking a test. could i be pregnant going thru another miscarriage?
can low testostrone affect fibromyalgia pain. i take a shot for testostrone therapy. i take a shot every  weeks. i also have fibromyalgia and osteo arthritis.  to  days before time for my shot. my pain is exstream. are they all connected.?
can a rotator cuff disorder make your hand cold? . i have constant pain in my shoulder joint but it gets worse when i lift my arm over my head or try to use it in any activity that forces me to use it at level to or above my shoulder. in addition i have noticed poping or crackling and my hand gets cold off and on. why does my hand get cold? do i have a blood flow impairment due to the rotator cuff disorder or injury? what can i do to help my situation while waiting to see a doctor?
i managed to get epididymitis after a fall whilst showering?
been getting chest pains for years ekg shows problem p wave. did i have heart attack?
"six months ago my hemoglobin  was at . . today it's . . how low should shoot for? what's an ideal level? . i have brought it down through diet and exercise. i know that .  is a significant improvement - but i really want to know what ideal is. how low is too low? . i a -year-old male '"" and  (i was at  when the .  reading was taken started exercising just shy of  months ago). i get  / hours of cardio (or more) per week along with alternating workouts of other body areas. i am shooting for  by june  (ambitious but i think it's doable)."
sharp pains in back of head. loud ringing in my ear. head feels like it is being crushed? .
what are trans fats?
i have vaginal discharge and strong (ammonia or fish-like) odor. been treated for yeast infections but no relief. help? ! . i've complained to my gynecologist for years about this same problem. i am sure it is bacterial vaginosis (from my own research) but my gyno suggested it may be a chronic yeast infection. is there anything i can do to treat this?
"what are the long term effects of hypothermia. if you have exposure to low temperatures either by being out in the cold a lot during winter working in a meat freezer without protection or just living on the breadline not being able to pay for heating there is a greater chance of ""hypothermic"" reaction. for instance blood thickens and clots form - so you survive day to day but then after a while you cant breathe as clots travel to the lungs or brain and you have a stroke. is this right - common - or just missed by most people and shrugged off"
i have a small hiedel hurnia should i be wearing a binder & if so will the binder create more problems?
"can you get pregnant without having sex? . my liltte cousins swears up and down that she didnt not have sex they were just ""messing"" around. but yet she became pregnant and has now had the baby. but she is still insisting that she and the boyfriend did not phyiscal have intercourse. can you talk about this please so i can tell her she is not fooling anyone!"
what is shingles and what causes it?
my dad is an alcholic and ill. we think he has liver kidney and heart problems. how long does he have to live? . he refuses to see a doctor but is very fatigued and is in bed all day. he also has developed a strange bruise on his chest near his heart. his appetite had diminished and he has lost a lot of weight. he also has yellowing/puffy eyes. he continues to drink daily (vodka). he has high blood pressure (and has most of his life). i also think he is losing his mental capabilities. i just would like to know how much time i have left with him.
would a urinary tract inection cause the bladder to hold urine?
i know the president has told us our current health insurance will not be affected. . my insurance is with the company from which i retired. however all of this is so complicated. is there anything for which people like me need to prepare? we are very troubled.
i have an overactive bladder need advice?
"for the last month or so my stools have been looser than normal no real form. i am  and don't live healthy right now. it's been going on for the last month or more that stools are no longer ""normal"" they aren't shaped and often very loose (not watery). i don't eat healthy or work out normally. . like many i googled and the first result would be colon cancer- so i figured i would be better off asking an expert instead."
what is the strongest over the counter medicine for arthiritis? . prescription medicine to treat arthritis has side effects that prevent me from using it such as reduced urination. i am hoping i can find an otc medicine to treat arthritis that won't have as severe side effects.
i am travleing to asia next month and was wondering if i needed any type of inoculations before i travel? . i am traveling to hong kong at the end of february . i am  yrs of age and have had all my vaccinations when i was a kid. is there any other vaccinations i should get before i leave?
does osteoarthritis cause a higher white blood count
when is the flu no longer contagious?
can protein shakes help my  year old son gain weight? . . my son is very under weight. he eats but not enough to gain weight. his doctor recommends that he add  more calories to his daily diet and increase protein for muscle mass build up. would weight gain protein shakes work?
how long does it take before low-dose-naltrexone begins to work?
can birth control affect fertility later in life? . if birth control is used for lets say  years could it affect fertility after those  years? does birth control lessen your chance of having children later in life?
can you get pregnant on the first day of your period from anal only?
i used ultra chloraseptic spray on my  year old daughter?
can you catch a cold from getting chilled?
i have severe trust issues with doctors. how do i find a reputable doctor when i haven't been to one in  years? . when i was  i became ill and was misdiagnosed over  times. from age  to  i continued having problems even having a colonoscopy and laparoscopy. test after test answers were futile. so i gave up. i'd go to a walk in clinic for basic ailments and physical exams. i am now  and concerned about my health. and i live in a new area. i want to find a doctor but i don't want to be run around again. is there guidelines that i can discuss when finding a new doctor?
i have or think i have carbon monoxide poisoning when should i contact my doctor?
can skin become sensitive when it wasn't before?
sharp stabbing pain upper right abdomen with swollen hard stomach?
what illnesses often co-exist with bipolar disorder?
can i be pregnant? or am i just overracting? . my boyfriend ejacualated in me and then a few hours later i got my period. but it only lasted for  / days and then it stopped. after that a few days later i wiped and saw pink. can i be pregnant. this never happened to me before.
can women on bipolar medications crave carbs or sugar or both?
i have severe nose bleed do i need cauterization?
can you test for flu without a fever being present?
what effects does meth have on children when the parents smoke it around them im the grand father
i have a kidney infection. after  days of high fever and new antibiotics i have skin rashes. caused by fever or meds? . i was treated for a uti but the bacteria was resistant to the antibiotics i took so it degenerated into a kidney infection. i was given iv cipro yesterday and  more days of oral ones to take. this morning i woke up with itchy rashes. can this be caused by the high fever i had for  days or could it possibly be a reaction to the antibiotics?
i have been prescribed medications by two doctors. are they all safe to take together? . these medicines include singulair  mg /day prednisone  mg /day flonase adipex claritin-d  hour and lansoprazole dr  bid.
ive got bulimia and im on lamictal for bipolar disorder i now have mushroom looking lumps on my tongue?
i get spinal injections for pain relief but i still have terrible pain?
can you get neck pain with sinus infection
orthopedic doctor claimed surgery is the only solution for shoulder problem need second opinion?
my friend found out she has mrsa from a nose swab. we have had sex. should i get tested?
hi i have a  year old son that has a lump in his armpit could this be lymphoma?
i was born with bilateral pars defect and have spondylolysis can i fix this or help with the pain?
i took  pregnancies tests at home that were positive. i went to the dr and blood test said not pregnant. i'm confused. my period was  days late but i did get it for  days. could i still be pregnant?
when you don't eat those your body creates fat?
how do you prevent flu during pregnancy?
does dehydration cause fever? . stomach hurts in center of abdomen and nausea headach
first time taking birth control but period is late and unprotected sex am i pregnant? . my period came july  first time taking the pill. so my period is always a  day cycle. on august  my period didn't come and i had unprotected sex more than twice that day. and for the rest of week i had unprotected sex and my period hasn't came yet. is there a big possibility i am pregnant?
when your lips turn blue and around your mouth turns blue is that high blood pressure?
can i use tylenol  and a stool softener?
have been to emergency twice with vagina pain they dont know why im experiencing this?
there are so many types of flu shots available. which one is the best?
 year old male. lump below jaw. recurring staff infections on hands and feet. significant loss in weight.
how does a small business sign up for health insurance on the exchange if there are employees in more than one state? . can we just use the exchange in the state where we are headquartered? what if we are incorporated in another state and a foreign corporation in the state of our headquarters?
are flu shots a problem when taking pilocarpine hcl oral?
u/s dates me at  tday. edd is //. lmp // so when did i concieve? . ultra sound dates me at  weeks today my estimated due date is the //. so when did i conceive? my first day of my last period was the  dec . which was quite heavy and lasted about  days and seems unlikely to be implantation bleeding. did i conceive on the  of dec?
what causes acne when we were on our period?
after a meal (- calories) how long should i wait to work out or go jogging?
explain plz. i am . i have anxiety. i went to er many times. the first time they took ekg and other things and told me i was fine. second time they just listened through stethoscope and told me i was fine. the next time i went i was having a panic attack and my heart was racing. they told me i was fine but i wanted ekg. they did ekg and told me i was fine. but the automatic reader said abnormal. they weren't concerned. can panic attack cause the reader to say abnormal?
what products or treatments should i try to get rid of hair bumps and the skin discoloration i have from shaving?
is it possible to have scabies that don't itch?
can coxsackie virus infections be prevented?
what conditions does ibuprofen pmr treat?
i had a lung collapse and a severe asthma reaction  years later relapse with asthmatic exasperation?
how soon after exposure to the flu virus do symptoms appear? . i went to work wed. feeling great my boss was very ill with flu symptoms. we share computers and phones.  hours into the job i started feeling tired and weak. it was a slow day so i went home. that night i had chills and was very tired. the next day i could barely get up i moved from the bed to the couch. today is sunday i feel worse today than on thursday. i'm  and had the flu shot in oct.
i live abroad and have permanent residence in this foreign country. i have local medical insurance. do i have to register for obamacare?
what happens to someone when they get bipolar disorder?
i have or think i have fertility problems when should i contact my doctor?
my aunt steals pain killers and she is bipolar. does bipolar cause her to steal? . she is in her mid to late fourties. she claims she dosent steal pain killers but we have all seen her do it. now her sister claims that she steals the pain killers due to her being bipolar. i am wondering if this is in fact true or that her sister is just denying it to herself. which in turn is not able to get her the help she needs.
i am iron deficient concerned about the side effects of taking ferro grad c
is dizziness a sign or symptom of parkinson's disease?
my son has a huge acne cyst in his upper check that has swollen up into his eye area. what should be done? . pain is radiating from cyst up to the inside corner of eye. hurts to blink eye. does the cyst need to be drained?
is it okay to double your vitamins when you are sick? . i have a cold and my doctor said it is okay to double my vitamins at times. i want to know if i can and will it help.
i take zetia for my cholesterol. i've read that it doesn't work as well as lipitor. will my doctor switch my meds?
why is my health insurance premium doubling for a higher deductible and no new services i can use? . what makes this affordable? why do i as a -year-old woman have to pay for maternity and pediatric care i can't use? i will now have insurance i can't afford to use. i won't be able to save for the deductible if my premium is so high. i just miss the subsidies because the calculation doesn't take into account my husband's health insurance premiums paid outside of the exchange (medicare etc. ).
do children with adhd wet their pants?
after  month i tested hiv test result negative ( comb aids test) but my doc said my blood count low! symptoms persist. symptoms =fever sore throat rashes. symptom persist white patches on my tonsilites and ulcers in mouth diarreh. some times joint pain so i worried! anyone have like my situation? plz help me
please answer! can u still have a period if u had a partial hysterectomy? only my uterus was removed.
what can i expect during week  of my pregnancy?
i live in mi and my doctor is in oh. will i be able to keep my doctor if i buy a health insurance marketplace plan? . what happens if my doctor doesn't participate in the program listed? if i decide to buy a policy not on the marketplace will i still qualify for tax credits?
is it okay to take prenatal vitamins when you have had a hysterectomy
do i have a sinus infection or sinusitis? . do i have a sinus infection or sinusitis? have had sore(dry skin) on bottom of left nose opening since last friday hurt when i stretched the nose. always picked the dry skin been using petroleum jelly on bottom of left nasal opening. now have nasal congestion(stuffiness) and facial pain/tenderness on left cheekbone area. what should i do? see a doctor? don't have insurance or a pcp. lately when i need a doctor go to walgreen's take care clinics because usually cheaper than a regular doctor.
what is hiv? what is aids?
i have stomach issues since july with no relief i now have fever and diarrhea?
hi when i try to remember anythign while studying i start feeling sleepy and also causes pain in the brain? . hi when i try to remember anythign while studying i start feeling sleepy and also causes pain in the brain?
low resting heart rate can it be a secondary adrenal insufficiency if not what is cause?
my daughter is bloated nauseous has sharp pains in her lower abdomen and hasnt had a period for  months
if my  old crosses eyes to be funny can there be a bad reaction
will i qualify for medicaid in my state? . i live in georgia i am  and have an income of $  with no dependents.
been on birth control for almost a year but i've been having pregnancy symptoms? . i've been on loloestrinfe since last september and have not had a period since then which i believe is normal for that medication. over the past few days i've been really constipated had cramps and when i've wiped there's been a little bit of light pink. and i have no idea what it is? my boyfriend and i have sex without condoms but i've never missed a pill. a lot of times it's rough/deep sex and i've had cramping before from him hitting my cervix but i've never had the light pink symptom?
when should i call my doctor about hair loss?
how does a doctor choose the kind of stent needed to treat heart blockages?
is it normal to bleed for two weeks after anal sex?
my girlfriend says she's pregnant. i had a vasectomy and a sperm analysis test & showed no live sperm is this possible?
how to treat diarrhea in a  month old baby who has had over a week and his bottom is raw
can epilepsy or a long seizure cause long term memory loss? . teenage girl experienced seizure for at least  minutes before getting to er. prior events and people in her life she struggles at best to remember? seems to be okay short term memory. she has generalized epilepsy.
i am postmenopausal. can i still get pregnant? . i am  years old and have not had a period since may .
is it possible to be allergic to water?
i am post menopausal and sex has become painful and i have a blood tinged discharge afterward. what could this be? . the discharge was pinkish and mucus-like. i also have some pain under my fib cage in fromnt and back and have been experiencing some nausea and stomach pain. do i have an infection? .
i took my blood pressure meds this morning but it's still very high could i take a second pill
can my unsteadiness and imbalance be due to only spine issues or parkinsons or both?
if you have both medicare and another health insurance can you still participate in the marketplace enrollment? . or is it just for those who have no insurance?
is an overweight woman good candidate for partial hysterectomy. bleeding has been going on and off for years and i just had an endomertrial biopsy but don't know the results but i have been told that a hysterectomy partial would be good for me but then someone else said no i do not want to keep livening with this bleeding issue please help me
thick white discharge w/minor irritation and had sex with my boyfriend  days later he said that his dick hurt. no sores. no fever discharge burning or blisters on his penis and it's been three weeks since. he said it lasted a couple of days and then he felt better.
i am having left sided chest pain on the inner side of the shoulder. what could cause this? . when i have this pain off and on i also get a rapid heart beat and the sweats. if i cough the pain and rapid heart beat stops
i felt pain around the skin on my vagina. well today i have a lump quarter sized or larger?
when should i contact my doctor about colitis?
should liver cancer patient consume significantly less water per doctor's instruction? why is this? . the male patient is very old age  and has liver cirrhosis with digestion issues. the doctors advised not to consume more than  liter liquid per day including all contents of liquid in the various forms of meals that are consumed. why is water is not good for liver with problems? dehydration and weakness due to loss of energy with reduced food intake and water consumption is questioned. water intake should help body to retain strength and energy. your response would be appreciated.
my  weeks old baby her lips are turning purple and i only breastfed?
"i eat  -  calories a day. is that enough? . i'm  ""' female and weigh . for the past at least five years of my life i've been eating  -  calories which leaves me feeling satisfied energized and maintaining my weight. i've been eating a very healthy vegan diet and have eaten pretty healthy my whole life. i feel like i'm eating enough and i'm maintaining my weight but our ""experts"" say i need to eat more. i feel like if i ate more i would just gain weight but i'm at a healthy weight now. i exercise moderately."
how does one identify someone with schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders.
how can i boost my testosterone level?
i was diagnosed with a .  cm large brain lesion on my left temporal i have headache?
what is gerd?
"how do i request a different surgeon from the one i was assigned? . i am a low risk patient with great insurance in need of a routine surgery. in meeting my surgeon i learned we do not communicate well. i could not get a straight answer to questions like ""to whom do i give this form when completed"". i am concerned i will have complications just because i do not know something simple and critical. how do i request another surgeon? is my referral for lack of a better term transferable? is there a way to verify how well her patients recover compared to averages?"
are there situations where a schizophrenic can not differeniate between visual hallucinations and reality?
will a tooth extraction get rid of bad breath?
what is going on with my period? . my periods are heavy lasts - days every - day. hasn't failed. then in july it lasted a day but it was just a spot of blood when i wiped. i was pmsing and everything. it was on time just not heavy. then in august no period. i had started pmsing a couple weeks before so i took a test to rule out pregnancy it was negative. then a week later i got a spot lasted one day then went. i don't know what is going on with me. i'm not stressed eating habits the same. idk what's going on. help?
leg cramps. i am having very sharp pain in my upper left thigh for about a week now - since my last workout. the pain is not constant it comes in waves and feels like burning for about two seconds then goes away. it's getting stronger. could this be a cramp? it's a small spot on my thigh about the size of a golf ball but very concentrated.
had a pin inserted into by broken arm in . could it cause pain and weakness after all those years?
i had a flu vaccine this season. am i protected against swine flu?
i have been urinating frequently and very thirsty. should i worry? . i am  years old and a college student. within the last two days i have noticed that i am a lot thirstier than normal and i am also urinating more often. the past two nights i wake up in the middle of the night to use the bathroom and i usually never wake up. should i be worried about diabetes?
is it safe and healthy to paint babies toe nails? . are their nailbeds to soft and can absorb chemicals? will it damage their nails?
my -year-old daughter's baby tooth is still in but her adult teeth are growing in. now what?
what is toxic epidermal necrolysis
will a fingernail grow back faster if the old nail is completely removed? . the bottom part of my nail came off the other day previously when this has happened removing the rest of the nail relieved the pressure of the puffed skin and lessened the overall pain. is it better to take the whole nail off and allow the new one room to grow?
can i lose weight without exercising? . if u may please tell me how and how long. i'm looking at - pounds
my baby is growing too slow is it alarming?
why am i dizzy all the time and get lightheaded easily after exercising? . i am constantly dizzy and always drinking orange juice as a result to help me get through the day. i have had low blood pressure my whole life but until i tried to do gymnastics last month i had no idea how bad things had gotten. things become fuzzy to me and my sense of judgement is impaired from being so lightheaded. for example doing routine things that i do every day becomes confusing if i feel lightheaded. is this low blood pressure or low blood sugar? and what can i do about it?
i have psoriasis on my elbows. i don't want to use prescription medications. can supplements help?
my boyfiend has the flu he's been taking over the counter medicine and its not working what can the hospital do
do i have lupus or some chronic viral infection?
blood in stool. last night i had a bit to drink. i don't drink very often. later in the night i vomited and had diarrhea. this morning i've felt like i've had to go to the bathroom a couple time and there was bright blood that came out. i can't tell if theres even any feces in there or if its just blood. is this linked to drinking and getting sick? should i see a doctor?
it was recently discovered that i have a large cyst with stems on my right ovary. other than surgery is there any other remedy?
what can cause flesh like discharge while on my period after intercourse. i have only been on my period for about  days and i had intercourse with my husband last night in the shower and as soon as i got out of the shower i had a good amount of fleshy meat like discharge it was all over him as well and now my period seems to be alot lighter as if im fixing to stop bleeding please help iv searched everywhere for answers what is the cause of this and could i be pregnant or what? i am not on any form of birth control or nothing
what exams and tests help doctors to evaluate or test people for ringworm of the scalp or beard?
did my accident sterilize me? .  years ago i had an accident on my bike and my penis got caught in the pedal. no one took me to the doctor to get it checked out. can this interfere with me having children or something like that or is it no big deal.
how is coronary artery disease diagnosed?
i have pain discomfort almost non-stop frequent urination my life has become miserable?
i was just informed by my healthcare provider that they aren't accepting any health insurance marketplace plans. . i live in the state of texas and that seems to be the shared opinion of this state and its health care clinics. what would you suggest i do?
i was on atenolol  bid for hypertension insurance changed to  once a day. should i take this in the a. m. or p. m.? . hello i have been on  mg bid of atenolol for years for hypertension but my insurance recently changed it to  mg once a day. when is the best time to take this morning or evening? thank you.
can cephalexin raise your blood pressure. prior to taking this medication my bp was / ( reading). now that i am on this medication my bp is / ( reading)
i tested positive for chlamydia found my child in bathroom with a tampon applicator in his mouth. does he now have it?
should i use ear drop? . i have a little ear ache i am not sure if it is from my ear 'cleaning' a few days ago. should i use an ear drop or just let it go for a few days. .
is pregnancy possible after  years of not being able to conceive
my city water has fluoride in it. is drinking that enough for my kids or do they need more?
if i have swimmers ear can i take a plane?
i have a hard time fighting my urge to snack at night. what is a good late-night snack to help kill my hunger?
had unprotected sex withdrawal method. ecp nordette and its a week before my expected period  passed no period. i had unprotected sex(sept  at around ) and its a week before my expected normal menstrual cycle(last period was aug  ) my partner thinks he pulled out on time roughly around - seconds before he actually erupted( he covered with his hand non of it went near me) i took nordette ecp(.  hours after intercourse). should i continue with the medication even if i already took  pills twice after  hours? is there a high risk for pregnancy? what should i do?  days passed no period
i have a herniated lumbar disc   and have weakness and numbness in my left leg and foot?
i suffer from rheumatic heart valve problem will i need any surgery?
is using non-applicator tampons less hygenic than applicator tampons? . i have applicator tampons and non-applicator tampons. i have used applicator tampons (tampax) before but i haven't used non-applicator (ob) tampons. i was just wondering even if you wash your hands before inserting an non-applicator tampons isn't still kind of unhygienic and messy? i just think there might be a lot of bacteria in the fingers and there could be a chance of infections i am kind of paranoid. i just want to know wether it is safe for me to use an non-applicator tampon (ob).
is it safe to use a vaporizer in my baby's room to help him sleep when he has a stuffy nose?
how often do children get shingles? . my  year old son has been diagnosed with shingles twice in the past year. is this common? can he be tested to find out what it is if he breaks out again? . . the first time he had it on one shoulder. . . the second time it was on one wrist. the second time they said it could be shingles or a staph infection. they gave him medication for shingles. . . . thank you
what is the first trimester (week  - week ) of pregnancy?
i've been taking  mg of diphenhydramine at night for insomnia--is that a dangerous level to take?
what foods should be eaten/avoided if you have fatty liver.
i am  weeks pregnant and my throat is very sore. my tonsils feel swollen but i dont have a cold. what can i take?
i went on a family vacation for the forth of july and came back with horrible acne! what can i do to get rid of it? . i have had clear skin all my life. we went to the beach for the  of july weekend and i came back with acne! at first i thought i had. sun poisoning and i realized its acne! i have tried to treat it with over the counter products but it is not working! the acne is also on my chest. do you think this could be some sort of bacteria infection? what can i do to get rid of it?
depression. how can i find best psychiatrist/psychologist who do both medical treatment and therapy (counseling) to treat my depression? i am  years old. overstressed and anxious plus depressed. iam a very bright student will be junior this fall with highest scholarship(full scholarship student at uga honors programme). i need help immediately started smoking marijuana heavy that i ended up in the hospital completely disoriented and now i am ashamed of myself. also started smoking nicotine.
i have many symptoms: chills shakiness trouble sleeping weakness need second doctor opinion?
i have the mirena iud and recently i had unprotcect sex could i be pregnant? . my partner didnt pull out before ejaculating and no other form of birth control was used sorry for the over share but i need a straight answer.
i am a  year old female who is considering going back on psychiatric medication?
what kind of doctor should i see? symptoms: i have moderate to severe joint pain in my knees wrists and ankles. i have not had recent or any major physical trauma to my wrist ankles or knee. . the pain has gotten progressively worse from high school as a sophomore to know as a college sophomore. i thought this could have been because of the gym so i have not worked out for nearly a month and there has been no improvement. . it hurts to move in general and my joints are always cracking. . if i move there is either a sharp pain or
i had laryngitis cough sore throat and fever and im having lots of vertigo episodes?
what causes you stand up walk six feet you become winded to extreme and loose control of your bladder and bowles? . i'm  i have suffered  heart attacks and  contested heart failure. i can't walk several feet or i feel like im drowning and i can't breathe and i loose all control of bodily functions. whats wrong with me?
is it ok to take ibuprofen for pain with a broken bone?
i have been admitted to hospital no diagnosis do you have any ideas?
i am  months pregnant and its hot! can i go swimming at the local beach? (the lake). i want to know if it is safe for pregnant women to swim in the lake because the pool isnt and option for me.
i am  weeks pregnant and i think i have a severe kidney infection?
can you get pregnant right before your period? . hi i'm have sex three days before my period and when my period i only get it for a day or day and half and sometimes i be getting lower back pain like a shocking feel when i laying and cramp in my belly. can i be pregnant
why have i missed my periods?
in a urine test does serequel show up
is it normal for my nose to frequently bleed and stop after a blood clot falls out? . im  years old and recently started getting nose bleeds. my nose has been bleeding off and on since the beginning of the year. it will start to pour out blood and soaking the tissue and when i happen to pull out the tissue a long blood clot will come out and the bleeding stops. i get head aches and my ears and scalp feel like they are congested and moving
i have a mole on the back of my neck
what causes infertility in men?
i have all the symptoms of hypothyrodisim and it runs in my family but i also have very tender breasts. is that normal? . they hurt most of the time. i also do have a lump were my thyroid gland is.
i think my father might need a pacemaker?
with lyme disease. does the red target like rash appear only at the site of the bite or multiple places? . i have developed several target shaped red circular rash areas. along with the other symptoms my though was lyme disease i have the rashes is multiple and varied locations?
why does my cosmetic surgeon need to know if i use drugs?
why am i constantly tired? i don't believe i am sleep-deprived. what can i do to help this? . i am tired all day long every day. getting out of bed in the morning is always a chore no matter how many hrs of sleep i get. i am constantly yawning throughout the day. i could nap at pretty much any time almost anywhere. i have increased my exercise level recently i work full time at a very mentally and physically exhausting place and i am in graduate school full time too. on avg i get about  hrs of sleep. however some days i get  hrs of sleep and some days i may sleep as many as .
can fruit make you gain weight?
is it safe to be around a two month old with pink eye?
i have a little black dot/spot on palm of hand that goes and comes back again but in diffrent place what is it? . i have a little black dot that keeps turning out to be in diffrent places on the palm of my hand sometimes in beetween my fingers but still on the palm bit its not a wart of anything is just a little black dot/spot any idea what it could be its worrying as it changes locations on palm of hand? . the first time i saw it it was on the palm of my hand but after that i have now seen it in between my fingers still on the palm side though
my husband had skin cancer and now has a cracked lip corner that's not healing. could it be cancer has returned? . my husbandhad skin cancer. he now has a crack in corner of mouth that has not healed in  weeks. can this be sign cancer has returned?
my hands were shaking and i couldnt stop crying. my stomach also felt like it was being punched. i also couldnt breathe. i went home put a ice pack on my head and i sat there crying because the pain was getting worse. at one point in my life i had depression and i still do. i dont take any kinds of medication so i dont know why this is happening to me. also i was getting cold then hot cold then hot. i'm only  and in high school and i dont know what could have caused this. i felt like i was dying. that's how bad it was hurting me. this is also happening right now. please find an answer for me. thank you.
what causes green stool in adults. i have severe upper stomach pain with gas several times a week. the pain lasts all day and i sometimes feel nauseous. pain moves from stomach to chest and sometimes to my back. it can be somewhat relieved with gas pills or by changing positions to put pressure on my stomach. i am worried about it very much. does anyone know what this is? please help.
does gargling with vodka kill germs in your throat? . at the onset of a sore throat i've been gargling with warm salt water these past + years. but i just heard from a few friends that they gargle with vodka and that vodka kills the infections.
i have seizure like events?
are there any medications to prevent migraines?
what is the way of reducing weight for  years old boy if he doesnt want to exercise at all? . my boy is  years old he is  kg weight and doesnt have any mood for exercises i tried a lot of things to encourage him reduce weight. please advice on what to do and if there is any medications that is safe and can help him. we live in canada. thanks
my mom has kidney failure diabetes sarcoidosis heart failure she now has these big knots why?
how to tackle depression until i meet my psychiatrist?
pregnant with tampon in. my husband and i were messing around and he got come on the outside of my vagina. i'm on my period and had a tampon in. i took a shower immediately washing it away. can i get pregnant even though i had a tampon in?
a rash is appearing all over my body. started upper arms then back now penis concerned because i had unprotected sex. concerned about hiv
my scalp itches severely (even after washing) occasionally gets hard crusty build ups and my hair is weak and breaking. i have eczema that has always only been able to be treated with a prescription. my scalp gets really itchy and dry and my hair breaks off in patches. what could this be?
i am eight weeks pregnant and i have a cold. what medicine can i take?
ive been abusing a drug called coricidin cough and cold for about  years now
"what do i do when my anxiety causes me mental and physical pain? . ive had anxiety since i was a kid. i dont take medications for it. i cant afford them. ive been trying to live with it and until recently ive done nothing about it. im tired of feeling like this its causing me emotional and physical pain. my relationships with friends and family members have been suffering. it often causes me to ""wig out"". when this occurs i have trouble breathing and chest pain. my whole mood just sours. i need help and i dont know whats wrong. what can i do?"
im taking keflex  two times a day. can i drink a beer with dinner just one or two nights?
about  weeks ago my  lb son fell on my left foot i had an x-ray done and it showed no broken bones?
what anesthesia is given for a colonoscopy?
is it safe to give a  month old ibuprofen if he runs a fever after immunizations?
i had sex on // my last period begun on / but i tested for  times at home all the results were negative. its now november  i haven't seen my periods
my wife has thyroid and not able to reduce weight. please help.
i gave oral sex to my girlfriend  week after getting a cold sore. could she contract genital herpes? . i know that the chances are probably there. i guess i'm asking how likely is it to happen. she gets cold sores already. i treated the cold sore as soon as i saw the first sign. its just a small scab and mark now on my lip.
can you get a bladder infection after a colonoscopy? is anything inserted into the urethra during this procedure?
i have bad faeces smell coming from my nose when i breathe. what could be the possible causes?
are there any warnings for the drug advil migraine?
eczema on penis. i have really sensitive skin and issues with eczema all the time. worst part is i get the eczema rash on my penis. i use hydrocortisone for the itching but it really dries out my skin. what can i use safely down there to moisturize?
my  rib pulled out of place is there a medical procedure to put it back?
how to treat diarrhea in a  month old baby who has had over a week and his bottom is raw
what am i doing wrong? . i normally don't start my period to almost the end of the month. yes my period has always been heavy. i used to be on birth control between -. but i had stop taking them. i get real bad crumps and my breasts be hurting so bad. i have real bad anxiety attacks can that stop me from getting or trying to get pregnant? me and my husband have just about every day or every other day. i sometimes get dizzy or throw up water. when i throw up water is that a good thing? why is my period always heavy?
i understand from my daughter who is trying to conceive a girl that hot baths may help one to conceive a daughter. how hot is a hot bath supposed to be to slow down the boy sperm and free up the girl sperm to get to the egg? how long should a man sit in it?
i have vomited every night shift in a strange way starting to accept this vomiting as normal?
is it bad to have a lot of pregnancy ultrasounds? . i had an ultrasound at  weeks because i hadn't told anyone about my pregnancy i had another one at  weeks. i am now  weeks and i haven't seen the doctor because we keep pushing the appointment back. i have an appointment next week and i just wanted to see if it would hurt to get another one just to make sure the baby is okay
what's the best kind of moisturizer to use with oily skin?
i have been treated with bipolar disorder my psychiatrist doesnt want to prescribe any antidepressant?
how does hdl cholesterol reduce the risk for heart disease?
compare palliative with hospice care
why are ears still infected years after removing piercings? . i had both of my ears pierced and gauged (to a ) but removed my piercings for the last time almost  years ago. to this day i still have infection inside both of them. the size of the hard spot changes slowly over time getting larger and itching and bothering me then shrinking back down. i take minocycline every day for my acne like i have since i was a teenager and that does nothing. i shower every day and use chlorhexidine as an antiseptic soap every time. am i in danger from this?
i wish to get pregnant but i am in contact with a person with cytomegalovirus (cmv) infection?
will coverage bought on the new york health insurance marketplace only be good in ny state? . i travel south every winter for - months and was curious if i would be covered out of state.
is it possible someone of my family get pregnant from sperm on toilet seat/bathroom? . is it possible some of my family get pregnant from sperm on toilet seat (i'm cleaning it) but when i masturbate under the shower the water is splashing on the toilet seat even if it's covered. is it possible also sperm to be transmitted via toilet paper? i'm worrying because sometimes my mom goes to the bathroom almost immediately after i came out. a few weeks ago we found she has an uteral prolapse and her stomache is a little bigger.
is it better to sleep on the left side or right side of the bed? . how can you call yourselves experts and not have an opion about that?
what effects does meth have on children when the parents smoke it around them im the grand father
what is lactose intolerance?
i feel pain at the heart several times in a day?
a girl had genital hpv  year ago. after treating her doctor said she was cured. can she have sex? . she made a laser surgery to treat it.  months ago her doctor examined her and said she was clean from the disease. if she has sex with someone can she still transmit the virus? what are the odds of transmissing after a single sexual act with a boy that does not have it?
can your blood sugar spike when your pregnant. i have friend who is pregnant and her blood sugar was really high when she had her blood sugar taken at the hospital and when she went home her mom monitored her blood sugar and it was normal and she hasn't ever had any problems with her blood sugar. is this normal?
daughter on life support from drug overdose is it common for an overdose victim to bleed out as the body shuts down
can children get vaginal yeast infections?
is it true that if i get a flu shot then i will never be able to go without a flu shot for the rest of my life?
can you drive with narcolepsy
anxiety is every day of my life. rarely i do get a small break without anxiety. it has been  years.
are lack of sexual interest anger over insignificant things and moodiness signs of dementia? . this -year-old male has a history of heart disease but well-managed on medication. over the past year has become increasingly irritated and impatient over small things like traffic while driving or someone asking a question; sometimes says things socially inappropriate in public and does not care that he has hurt someone's feelings. forgets recent conversations or small events.
can shingles occur in the scalp
my kids don't sleep through the night so now i have dark circles around my eyes. what can i do to minimize them?
i had a radiofrequency surgery done on the back of my heels still having pain?
i will be turning  in april. what insurance will be good for me?
can chlamydia be contracted if tip of the penis was covered during oral. condom was used but part of shaft exposed
why is it bad to sleep with my dog before hip replacement surgery. i was told not to sleep with my dogs a week before my surgery why?
following my discution with afriend who is doctor out of california he told me i may suffer from  deficiency. latley my hmos doctor send ne to  test that seems fine(). my friend strongly sugested that i try to get the mm test wich may be the only test that relevant for  deficiency. does someone knows if the hmos are covering this test ingeneral? thanks yarden
not able to breathe when exercising when i have used my ventolin?
is it possible to have a uti and bacterial vaginosis simultaneously? . i went to the doctor two days ago and she said i have bacterial vaginosis. she gave me medication and i've been taking it faithfully. unaware that sex makes it worse i had sex with my boyfriend yesterday. even though i peed after sex (probably like - mins later) i woke up this morning and my bladder and urinary tract is on fire and it is immensely painful to urinate and after urination. my vaginal hole is burning a lot. i took urination relief meds (uricalm) but it's not helping at all.
what are the symptoms of juvenile myoclonic epilepsy?
i have been getting really sever rib pains on both side and front and back?
whatever happened to measurements    defining the perfect body?
my stomach gets sour first i can taste it when i burp. then i vomit. it has happened many times. why? . it starts with nausea. when i burp it tastes like rotten eggs really nasty. i know that i am going to end up vomiting soon. from the time i have a sour stomach to the time i vomit its about  hours. sometimes sooner. usually it takes about  vomits to get it out then i feel better. it has happened  or  times in the past six months. i am just trying to find some answers on my own. i know only a doctor can diagnose me but knowledge is power.
can you have an all over headache after having a panic or anxiety attack?
i've been regretfully a porn addict. from grade school till now. i'm . i have a burning sensation after ejaculation. . i've been regretfully a porn addict. from grade school till now. sexually active without ever being physically sexually active. i feel that i've over masturbated because i have a burning sensation before the head of my penis after i ejaculate now. also with the head being as sensitive as it is i have a stinging feeling at the tip of the head. i'd really like to know what's the problem. i want to have a partner and family of my own and i don't want to risk anything if something is wrong. help?
i am  and about over a bout with shingles how long do i need to wait to get the vaccine?
i suffer in page in front of vagina painkillers dont ease the pain?
does adderall help with vertigo and anxiety?
i'm unemployed need health insurance? . i'm  years old can not get medicare. unemployed
i cut my finger and may have been exposed to hiv should i be tested?
what are some of the best high-protein low-calorie foods to choose from?
can eye floaters be linked to cancer? . my inlaw is being treated for colon cancer that has spread to his liver. this morning he woke up with floaters in his eyes that have never been there before. he is  yrs. old and is undergoing chemotherapy
can i use calamine lotion to be put on contact dermatitis?
how long after working with loud noises can tinnitus appear. i worked with jet engines in the military and have developed tinnitus in the past years. i'm told it wasn't caused by military service but i have not worked with anything loud since.
can long hair cause migraines
my husband and i have a partnership business and we have been able to purchase small group health insurance. . this insurance is ending at the end of this year. will we be able to continue to purchase small group business health insurance or should we go to the health exchanges to purchase individual and/or family insurance?
i am a -year-old boy and have dark circles under my eyes. is there a natural way to get rid of them?
what is the recovery period for bilateral knee replacement?
what is rsv?
what is postpartum depression?
what does doctors do to check and see if your tonsils are swollen? . my tonsils are really swollen and i am not doing another throat swab.
i had an ectopic pregnancy and my right fallopian tube was removed since then i have ovary pain?
how do patients prepare for an ultrasound?
my left arm biceps started to twitch no solution?
i have pernicious anaemia and require regular  injections not sure my doctor is doing it right?
i am a college student whenever i come back to college my eyes start to burn and i have red and swollen upper eyelids. any idea why this could be happening? my thoughts so far is possibly the dust in my dorm room but i have never had any trouble with dust before. i also am not allergic to anything and have never had any sort of allergic reaction before. . thanks.
was medical abortion successful. i had an abortion one week ago. i was four weeks pregnant. i bled heavily on the first two days and then it became lighter. on the fourth day after the pill i saw a small red tissue like thing with a kinda rope attached is dat the fetus. am really worried about if the abortion was successful cus i can't get an ultrasound done anytime soon. thanks
stabbing chest pains had several cardiac tests all ok?
what exactly do proton-pump inhibitors do?
laryngitis  weeks.  rounds antibio. and steroids no help why? . throat not sore have had  rounds antibiotics steroid shot and nasonex. quit smoking  days ago tried the herbal teas and dill pickles as doctor recommended
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of melatonin?
i havent had a period in over .  yrs do i need to stay on the pill?
is it safe to take benadryl and aleve together?
can we eat grapefruit while taking levothyroxine? i am on  mcg---my wife is on  mcg. thank you. would grapefruit be ok if we waiting a period of time (  hrs) before eating?
my finger was infected with chicken excrement fingernail is falling off afraid finger will too?
i have a constant dull pain in my right upper chest about even with my armpit?
does mrsa have any link at all to group b strep?
fulkerson osteotomyis it infected?
what is omeprazole used for?
how can i treat my sinus infection?
could psoriatic arthritis be a more systemic problem leading to multiple seemingly separate problems to include pacs prostate/urologic and multiple areas of tendonitis without strain or injury?
what problems can happen in my third trimester of pregnancy?
my cancer is in remission. how do i deal with the fear of reoccurrence?
"am i at risk of getting ""hiv""? . i don't wear underwear but today i wore underwear of a person who has ""aids"" but he has not wore his underwear since  month but today i wore it i have no sore or wounds on my penis am i at risk?"
hi my dad has a fever lower left quadrant pain he is tired and no appetite?
can pre-come on hand and very light fingering (penetration around lips) get a girl pregnant? . after the situation was over. vagina was washed. man touched penis then vagina. pre-come exposed to open air. girl is on pill. missed  pills in past week. (apologies for paranoia)
can marijuana withdrawal cause panic attacks? . i've smoked marijuana for  years  or  small cigs a day in some periods even up to . i stopped smoking in the past for a few weeks and months. i quit a week ago and since then i've been feeling really weird. . i feel tickling on the chest tachycardia (specially when breathing out) and an irrational feel that i could drop dead. my mom checked my pulse and she said it's ok. so i think i am having panic attacks (never had one  so not sure). are these normal symptoms from detoxing? advice?
how is lymphedema treated?
i cant fully turn head to left for about  years due to acute pain?
urgent! . me and my boyfriend had sex wednesday and he cum inside of me and i took two birth control pills afterwards then i took a next pill friday and the birth control pills i am taking is norgestimate\ethinyl estradiol and this is the first time i use birth control pill in my whole life am i going to be ok or im still going to end up pregnant
i have sharp pains from my belly button to my testicles. i was workingout and for the past  days i have had sharp pains from my belly button to my testicles. is this a hernia i also have a soft spot right above my belly button. oh and when i have the feeling to urinate i have to go immediately.
are there drugs that might interact with my allergy medications?
i have had sex one time with a person infected with hpv. what is the percentage i will get hpv. they have genital warts.
how do i prevent baby bottle tooth decay?
i was diagnosed with chondromalacia patella the pain in both of knees is getting worse?
what effects does exercise have on the immune system?
does complete cold interact with any other medications?
can weight loss cause high blood pressure? . i have lost  lbs through weight watchers. i lost  then joined weight watchers for a total loss of  lbs. . i have high blood pressure for a number of years controlled by medication. diovan  mg once a day. just recently i have noticed my blood pressure going up ex. / normally /. my dr increased the diovan to two tabs a day one am and one pm. this rx is helping somewhat. i am just wondering if significant weight loss can add to the high blood pressure? . thank you . sandra deustachio
i have tried slitting my wrists last week and this week. need to know if cuts are infected. i have two pics to help. its red and have black pieces but not oozing. when i scrub to clean it stings of what looks like tissue comes up. i dont have a fever just pain.
i stop taking the depo shot three months ago i've been having unprotected sex can i still get pregnant?
i was diagnosed with tendonitis of the wrist in nov  and i still have pain could it have become something worse? . the doctor told me to wear the brace he gave me for so long and still have pain an really don't want to take nsaid pain relievers everyday. could it also be because i have a vitamin d deficiency that it isn't getting better?
why is my son having chest pain and his lower left and right sides hurt? . my son has been coughing for a while over  weeks he then started wheezing. he was giving an inhaler to use and some chest xrays were done for pneumonia and that came back negative. they did notice some cloudiness on the right side of his chest. he has been complaining of chest pains. he is now saying that his lower left and right sides hurt right above his waist closer to his back. i am concerned. his pulse was a - last week i took him to the er and they gave him  breathing treatments.
what types of prenatal tests should i have if i become pregnant after age ?
i am constantly fatigued. i've had thyroid checked and take vitamins. i am . nothing seems to help. i get enough sleep. i don't know what the problem is. i get enough sleep i take my vitamins i get my thyroid checked on a regular basis. nothing helps.
i have been sexually active for three years. he can cum but i cannot seem to cum why is that?
if i have health insurance through work but the premium is very high can i still apply for this new health insurance? . can i see if i can get better coverage at a lower rate? the coverage i have has a $  deductible that i can't afford.
i wanted to know if it was okay to have sex after giving birth i gave birth  weeks ago and wanna have sex. is it safe?
what causes dull cramping discontinuous chest pain?
i was told my ongoing chest pain is not cardiac related need second opinion?
are cold sores a symptom of thyroid disease?
herpes transmission. can shower sex reduce the transmission of hsv ?
my fiance is having diabetes type . will she face any problem during pregnancy?
what are the chances of hiv/std as std can transmit from infected person to uninfected person through mucous membrane?
how does stress affect fertility?
im on weightwatchers- eat not a lot really – im sick of all this substituting what can i try?
how will i know if my child is having a bad reaction ?
every time i do lunges i get groin/leg injury in my thigh. should i get mri. when ever i do leg exercises i get pain in my groin/hamstring. i found out that it's when i do lunges that i tend to get this leg pain and forcing me to rest for  to  days. since it's repetitive injury should i get mri to check my muscle in the legs or find alternative exercise to strengthen that area? i'm only .
i am . i am getting married soon. how can i check that i am fit for marriage. what doctor should i visit?
im a  year-old asian woman. im suffering from dry sensitive acne-prone skin. what can i do to improve my skin?
does naproxen affect blood pressure. my blood pressure is usually in the / range. but lately it has risen by  points for both numbers. i started taking naproxen a couple of months ago in place of aspirin. it worked better for my mild arthritis. my weight diet exercise schedule have not changed in the last  months. but for some reason my blood pressure has risen. i am  yo. and in good health. is naproxen the reason? . thanks
my period is  days late. i have cramps but no bleeding. my pregnany test were negative. could i still be pregnant?
i have been coughing since last two months. i am taking anti histamin tablet but it does not work?
is it safe to take gabapentin while pregnant?
what are psoriatic arthritis symptoms and signs?
is there any way to get the details on the health insurance plans offered other than healthcare. gov? . i've been trying for  days now to log in to the site and i haven't been able to and they won't show you the plan information until you log in. my insurance company cancelled my current policy so i don't have until march  to pick a new plan. i would like to have time to look over the options available.
"is it not preferred first to balance cholesterol triglycerides naturally rather than everyone pushing statins only? . is it not preferred medically. first. to lower ldl raise hdl lower triglycerides to more reasonably balanced levels by healthy individually suited programs - correct exercise diet program (fats carbs) rather than everyone first and only pushing with impunity statins meds - only and doctors stating emphatically that the ""other ways are never considered an option""? i am speaking from personal experience. another ""other route"" does work by me. is there a hidden agenda here? . sg"
if a man is taking progesterone and testosterone replacement what would be the outcome on sperm production?
what is plantar fasciitis?
my daughter is  years old and has an extremely distended stomach
what is the best time of day to exercise to lose weight? specifically if i'm walking on a treadmill.
i am  and sexually active and i've been having some vaginal discomfort recently. recently my vagina have been itching like crazy and a little puffy almost like its swollen and accompanied by burning while urinating and a yellowish discharge with a slight odour. i am not getting any abdominal pain. can this be a yeast infection? . what are some remedies? . are there over the counter drugs?
i suffered a major left sided hemiparesis in july  i started suffering from violent muscle spasms in my left quads muscles?
i have a lot of whiteheads on my forehead and below my eyes. where did they come from and how do i get rid of them?
at what age is it appropriate to use whey protein in weight training? . my grandson is almost  and has started weight training at school for football. he believes that whey protein will improve his muscular strength more rapidly. is it safe at his age to use these products or should he just continue with a balanced diet with added foods containing protein? will he be at greater risk of trying something stronger if the whey protein doesn't have some positive effect for him?
ive been living with candida yeast infection for about  years now. i didnt know till like a year ago what candida was?
smoking on the porch? . my friend smokes on the porch and my porch has a big roof over it i open the upstairs window with a fan in the window blowing outwards. will it come near the upstairs window and come inside and be harmful? . i'm never near him when he smokes.
i read that people get flu shots annually because flu strains change. do strains of other diseases change?
what is the treatment for genital herpes during pregnancy?
can i safely try more than  of generic viagra? . i'm  healthy. not overweight. no h/o hypertension or heart dz. generic viagra @  does not give an adequate erection. can i take ah higher dose. at  i have some mile facial flushing but no other se
cloudy head with plugged ears. i went to the doctor for the flu and now i have a foggy or cloudy head and my ears are plugged.
what is an aneurysm?
how will a doctor treat my warts?
could this be oral gonorrhea or any type of std?
terrible headaches worst human pain
i am  on medicare and blue shield of california. when is it time for me to find new insurance?
where can i find quinine pills for my husbands leg cramps?
 year old experiencing pressure and a heaviness in her legs?
my wife has terrible headaches constantly we did ct scan mri mra mrv but everything is normal. no blood clot tumors etc.?
what is imitrex injection?
why does my psoriasis flare up with my menstrual cycle? . my psoriasis only flares up when i'm on my menstrual cycle. i have pretty much control of it any other time. it itches and burns a lot right before i start
i am starting to feel very slight burning sensation after urination?
what does it mean when there is a red blotch on your scrotum? . hello i am a  year old male and just recently found a red blotch on my scrotum it isn't itchy and it is always moist i am not sure if the moisture is puss or sweat i think it might be some fungal infection or just jock rash but can someone tell me what i might have?
i have had swollen tender itchy breasts for approximately a month and a half what could be the cause? . i am  years old and due to my birth control pills i haven't had a period in  years. for the past  months i have had a period for the first time during that time frame but for the about the past month and a half my breasts have been extremely tender swollen (grown nearly a full cup-size) and itchy (only seem to be itchy when i take my bra off at night). i have never missed a pill and am % sure i am not pregnant.
pregnant? . unprotected sex the  period due the  but days later there was brown and red spotting when i wiped. i took a pregnancy test the following week but it was negative. am i pregnant?
i'm factor v laiden and was wondering if it's safe for me to start taking borage oil? i've been researching online and have not been able to get any information on this topic.
i have already become pregnant with an iud once am i at a higher risk to get pregnant on an iud again?
does prezista cure hiv or aids? does prezista cure hiv or aids?
what if you are a clean person and have a foul oniony smell in the pubic region all the time but not inside vagina?
pain upper right side abdom and back w naus freq urina no vom no fever no gallbladder. on ibs pain meds daily. appendix?
does tea tree oil prevent head lice. i really need to know if tea tree oil prevent head lice
can poison ivy rash return same place after  months? . rash returned same places on arms after  months since had first rash. . haven't been any where near any plants no pets to come in contact with poison ivy. any one ever hear of this happening?
i am  and my height is just  cm. help! . when i visited my the doc when i was  after getting all the hormones checked she suggested that i could go for hgh injections but i didn't go with that because it was costly an i believed that i still had time to grow. now i'm  and my height is  cm. do you think i could still go for that treatment since it was more than  years ago? will it be effective now?
"is it safe to ""push through"" fibromyalgia pain? . every time i even attempt to do any sort of exercise the pain doesn't really allow me to do anything. i used to be an athlete many years ago and i would just push through the pain or keep going until the pain went away. i haven't been able to work for years since my accident and fibromyalgia and it is very frustrating. . i am wondering if i can do any damage to my body if i push through the pain? . is it safe to force my body to work through the pain and attempt exercise?"
"occassionally i have small smelly plaque like pieces that i can cough up or ""draw"" up from my throat. what are they?"
can you be pregnant if you had a normal period? . i had my normal period and am on birth control but i got a yeast infection and my friends says i'm pregnant! i have taken the pills for four months at the same time of day. what are the chances?
my breasts have significantly enlarged to point it is difficult to move?
my doctor says colonoscopy shows crohns disease need second opinion?
can an empty stomach from vomiting cause more vomiting. i have the flu and can't keep anything on my stomach. is there anything i can eat or drink to help stop the vomiting?
does the flu make you sweat. i believe i had the flu. but wonder because now that the chills are i have been sweating for days.
ive had pain in my legs for a couple months now?
rolled my ankle and it was swollen for two days and very bruised is it a sprain or broken? . stepped on another foot coming down and rolled left ankle hard to outside instant swelling along left lower foot and now traveled to my toes but is way less painful to put full weight and range of motion is good
how can i provide healthy meals and snacks for my family on a tight budget?
how will doctors find out if a woman and her partner have fertility problems?
is the flu shot the same as getting a whooping cough shot? . i had the whooping cough shot last month and was wondering if i also needed the flu shot?
are warfarin and ibuprofen safe to take together
i had mastoiditis yellowish brownish color of drainage and blood coming out of ear?
can i take my medications only  days a week. due to finances. this is including my mental medications high blood pressure asthma diuretic medications.
i wake myself up at night i feel myself pausing on my breath then breathing again
can alzheimers patients have no pain my mother has the diease and seem to feel no pain she has shingles w/ no pain
are sports and energy drinks safe for kids?
found a single wart on my vagina area. i'm worried i might have genital herpes without ever having sex. a few days a go i found a single wart on my vagina area. i'm worried i might have genital herpes even though i've never had sex. the only thing i've ever done is mutual masturbation (hand job and fingering) with my ex boyfriend. the last time i did that was .  years ago. i never share underwear or shaving razors either. p. s. i don't think it is an ingrown hair. should i be worried? what is it?
is there some non prescription meds for a nebulizer to help clear my lungs
what can i do to help my alcoholic spouse that doesn't want to stop drinking i feel like i'm losing my mind.
my wife had a sudden body pain attack we need medical advice before undergoing medical treatment?
i have twin baby girls. one of them is not gaining weight. please help.
what is the proper first-aid treatment for someone having a seizure?
how can i tell if i am having an allergic reaction to a new drug for example savella?
how should a male condom be used?
i started to have bleeding in between my periods i have also developed a white tongue and dry mouth something is wrong with me?
for a neck injury involving broken vertebre what is the best way to heal? medication?
which health insurance marketplace plan is the best for people with type  diabetes?
is olive leaf extract safe to use if person is taking meds for high blood pressure? . <link>
"my period stopped almost  years ago and now i have started spotting. what is wrong with me? . i have not had a hysterectomy my period just stopped when i turned . the past two months i have had sort of a ""mini period"" and i am curious as to what causes this. any suggestions?"
my  week old son fell today from the bed er says no ct scan possible i need your recommendation?
i had one ovary removed. will i still get my period
what are kegel exercises?
small red bumps on penis forskin after and head also pink irritation on base. happens after masterbating or intercourse. first thought it was contact dermatitis with my gf but it becomes irritated after masterbating too. it's very mild and not that noticeable unless you know it's there. when we were not using protection and had frequent intercourse it would become more severe and would flake the day after. could this be a yeast infection or some kind of bacteria?
i have a uri and i took my first dose of my prescribed z-pak today around : will i be able to go to school tomorrow?
who gets lupus?
does mupirocin topical ointment help with acne that has gotten infected?
if a mother gains too much weight during pregnancy does that result in a bigger baby?
went to the doctors had xrays done on my back doctors said nothing is wrong with me but back hurts worse. i went to the doctors for my upper and lower back pain and i was put on a profile that restricted my physical work load. then three months later i felt better due to not having as much physical work load. so went back to doctors and they took me off profile which i didnt have a problem with. but now the pain is back and it's worse than before. they did x-rays on me before and told me nothing was wrong. i don't know what to do now and something has to be wrong for me to be in this kind of pain.
what gout medications can be taken safely by a pregnant woman?
my grandfather passed away at hospital choked on food?
what is the goal for high blood pressure treatment?
what is the best way to treat persistent migraines?
psychological or physiological? every time i eat eggs i get a stomach ache. if the eggs are baked in cookies cakes even meringue i am fine. but if they are just fried or scrambled baked in a quiche or in an omelet my stomach gets super acidic later and i feel nauseous. unable to move for hours. i've had this for as long as i can remember and everyone keeps telling me its psychological but i want to eat eggs they look delicious. so i am certain its an allergy or intolerance. so is it all in my head?
i have plantars warts moisture caused the skin to tear around it is it possible to just pull it off?
does catching a cold have anything to do with exposure to cold weather?
after being on tamoxifen for  yrs and no period for  yrs can i still get pregnant?
im on triquilar for  months and ive been having unprotected sex with my fiancé and we're both healthy. everyone said that triquilar ed causes loss of libido but its been burning me down there after sex everytime. is it part of loss of libido. is it cause of the pill? should i change it? . thanks
do i have herpes or something else? . at first the only thing that formed was a small bump that i could see not feel on the opening of my vagina. right before that point i thought i had a yeast infection. the next day i developed more. they are located right near the opening on the lips and on my butt. today they became incredibly painful especially when urinating. they look like small pimples. i am also experiencing a lot of swelling and tenderness. it sounds like herpes to me but i am really hoping it is not.
can i use neosporin & vigomox together for a bacterial eye infection caused by a stye?
what is congestive heart failure?
my ankle and foot are swollen will it or meds affect my lumbar surgery next month?
i have a minor rash on vagina that's just uncomfortable and itchy no burning or irregular discharge. i have one sexual partner i am always protected and i do have herpes simplex 
blister on viginal area. i had a blister on my virginal area. i just had my menstrual period and i always have weird lumps and bumps on my virginal area after my menstrual(since the very first time). so i didn't pay much attention to it but the lump became a blister in a couple of days. while i am in my menstrual period i developed a cold. i am now in recover of that but still cough some times. i just want to know if i am not sexual active could it be herpes? if it is not herpes what could it be? .
i have had gastroenteritis for three weeks now. is this serious? . i was diagnosed with the neuro virus. i have had the symptoms for going on three weeks now. i no longer had the diarrhea but still the nausea dizziness and stomach pain. how long does this last? do i have something to worry about? i am tired of being sick!
vocal cords constrictcant breath?
my skin is breaking out all of a sudden? about  weeks ago i had clear looking skin but now i am getting acne. about  weeks ago i didn't really get acne and i haven't really changed my skin regimen much. the only thing i have added to my skin regimen is the kate somerville eradikate acne spot treatment which contains % of sulfur. i don't think this is what has been causing my acne since i was having acne before i bought this treatment thus why i bought it. i use clean sheets wash my face twice a day use exfoliator  a week use a face mask cleansers spot treatment. but i don't know what else to do
does an amoxicillin allergy mean i can't take oxacillin? . can i take oxacillin with an amoxicillin allergy even though i took penicillin throughout my childhood without any problems?
can you get sick if you eat food that a roach has crawled on?
if your doctor refuses to test you for something you think you have should you switch doctors? . i've been reading about my symptoms on the internet and i'm pretty sure i may have adult sids but my doctor refuses to run tests for it. how can i make him run the tests without making him mad? i want to do it tactfully. i feel like he's not listening. he just looks at me like i'm crazy when i express my concerns. should i switch doctors?
why does my urine smell sweet
hepititis c how do you get it?
sex in july i've had period every month on time since then i've taken  pregnancy tests all negative am i being paranoid. can i still be pregnant? i'm really scared i'd be  weeks along if i was. regular period nausea anxiety cramps paranoia bloating fatigue dizziness hazy stomach pains constipation yeast infection at the beginning of every period
i woke up this morning with my upper gum swollen and feels like it just moved could i have a large parasite in my gums? . please i'm freaking out i'm  and i woke up this morning with my upper gum swollen well i had my finger on it a minuet ago and it moved around and i can push it side to side is it possible to have a large parasite in my gums?
i've had a uncontrollable cough for days with fever  a sore throat i work with food. cough all day should i go to work
i have insulin resistance doc prescribed januvia  will this work?
after having a hesterectomy is it common to get protein in your urine and does it cause a rash in the vagina area.
can you still get a period with both tubes removed? ovaries are still present.
my kid was diagnosed with hand foot and mouth disease by one doc and chicken pox by another?
how can i protect myself from pneumonia?
will canabis cure  out of  cancer patients like i'm reading on the internet? . this has become a very common posting on facebook recently.
"hi. my period is usually ab  days but sometimes ""abnormal"" - days. is that preventing me from getting pregnant? . hi. i'm  and trying for almost -/ years to get pregnant. my period is usually pretty normal-at - days but every  or  months it comes ""abnormally"" at - days. is this whats preventing me from getting pregnant? or could it be something else? also is there anything ""non-medical"" that i can do to help sort things out before we go for anything medical and intrusive (bec that's so scary! )? thank you!"
does symptoms of kidney stones mimic gential herpes in a man?
i'm taking a prescription cough syrup that contains a narcotic. is it ok to take an over-the-counter sleep aid with it?
can you contract hsv- that results from a scab that keeps getting disturbed? . my gf had a cold sore last week. she still has a very small scab as a result of it cracking open and her disturbing it. she claims the virus is dormant and this is simply a scab from her repeatedly picking at it. is it still possible to contract the virus during this stage?
how do i balance my diet for diabetes high blood pressure and stage  chronic kidney disease?
why have a bone scan after a prostate cancer diagnosis. will this adequately determine if the problem has spread or is something more aligned with soft tissue evaluation in order?
how can we find the state health exchanges?
what are the side effects and benefits of male celibacy including masturbation i. e. no orgasms? . i have begun what i call a complete celibacy not allowing myself any sexual stimulation or release with or without a partner. i have found a dearth of information online about the medical side of celibacy but a lot relating to religion.
if im dehydrated can i lose an erection during intercourse?
when should a man use a condom?
i have a decreased urine output but all tests are normal?
can your lungs be clear with pneumonia? . my mother is  years old. she has a history of copd etc. she was in the hospital from / to / with pneumonia. she was not getting better in fact she was declining. they kept saying her lungs were clear. she went to the er last night. she has been admitted with pneumonia again much worse than before. can your lungs be clear with pneumonia?
it states on the website that in ny a family of  that makes under $  is entitled to a tax credit. but when i asked (we make $ ) they said i was not eligible and said they didn't know why they just plugged in numbers. why am i not eligible? under this program my health insurance is going to double.
can a laser be used for a brazilian hair removal? how do i inquire if this can be done; it's rather embarrassing to ask.
person a has some sperm on his hands hands get in mouth then asks to eat me out. could i get pregnanat? . do you think its possible to get pregnant if for example my boyfriend ejaculates in his sock or something. some of the semen seeps through and gets on his hands and right after he goes to the kitchen to eat something. he eats that something with his hands-he licks his fingers etc (therefore the semen is now in his mouth). and then i arrive at his house and he asks to give me oral? . should i just avoid oral just in case? or is that really irrational of me?
my last pregnancy i developed rectal warts after i gave birth they went away. i am pregnant again will they return?
i have had lumps and white discoloration on my tongue and coughing up blood?
can you get herpes sores on gums
ihow do i loose  pounds and dark stretch marks in a month? . i had my son over a year ago he was .  pounds after he was born it has been hard to loose weight i dont eat really and im very active but i seem to gain weight this has caused me to loose my confidence and go into a depression i tried almost everything im completly lost im  and almost  pounds but before pregnancy i was never above .
if my tubes are tied and i take clomid will it increase my chances or have a different affect?
male diastasis recti exercises. i am a  yo male with diastasis recti. i would like to know if there are exercises that can help reduce the symptoms of this. i do not want to have surgery for it.
i'm taking low dose prescription testosterone for low libido. i developed mild acne. are they related? . i am an older female. i have never had acne before. i apply the testosterone to the inside of my arms.
female and i pee a lot why?
"what do i do when my anxiety causes me mental and physical pain? . ive had anxiety since i was a kid. i dont take medications for it. i cant afford them. ive been trying to live with it and until recently ive done nothing about it. im tired of feeling like this its causing me emotional and physical pain. my relationships with friends and family members have been suffering. it often causes me to ""wig out"". when this occurs i have trouble breathing and chest pain. my whole mood just sours. i need help and i dont know whats wrong. what can i do?"
can children get hpv and if so could it cause cancer? . i have a  strains of hpv one low risk and one high risk. i'm scared my  year old could get it before she gets vaccinated from sharing the same bathtub and toilet or her accidentally using my towel one day climbing in my bed where i have had sex with my husband who's probably infected too touching our dirty laundry. i'm not sure how long the virus stays alive for on hands clothes or objects and if she could contract hpv when i change her nappy bathe her or when she touches her private parts.
what is my risk of thromboembolic complications due to discontinuation of anticoagulants?
will all pre-existing plans be required to meet the aca requirements? . or might you be able to keep your plan as is -- e. g. without drug coverage if you don't need drug coverage and it is not being offered now?
do i have an intestinal worm or am i overthinking it? . slight symptoms associated with intestinal worms. very paranoid about this.
i have a scar that i am insecure about. when i was an infant i came across a lighter and placed it near my face which burnt my forehead. thou surgery wasnt performed i still have a scar that is about - inches long. i would really like to find a solution to how i could get rid of it without plastic surgery?
"can you get postpartum depression after an abortion? . it's been about  months and i feel over emotional all the time. i feel overwhelmed by day to day life and cry at the drop of a hat. happy tears sad tears. i am usually just crying. my unborn child was not developing correctly and causing me a lot of pain. my husband and i were told our child wouldn't be "" normal"". thus the decision to end the pregnancy. are my hormones just still going back to normal or is it depression? i had postpartum with my first child but not my second."
do infected sinuses bleed. i have had an infection and a cold
what diseases are not colitis?
i have paraguard the copper iud and have been experiencing vaginal burning and itching for a month. i've had the iud in place for almost  years i've also been under a lot of stress lately and wondered if my symptoms could be either hormone or stress related. i've tried treating this with vitamin c apple cider vinegar and daily does of probiotics both in food and pill form.
what is tuberculosis?
my father has heart disease and kidney problems and skin disease?
as a teen how much exercise should i get each day?
i am  and my husband  plan  kid nw. i had period this month  oct when should i have sex to get pergant pls help. its gonna be one year so this month we planned for kid. my periods are regular every month i get  or  or  one day before or after or some time same day. how should i have sex and from when to when? i wanna get pergant this month so pls help me
can i take verapamil if im having a nuclear stress test
i drive a lot and sit a lot at work. my pilondial cyst reoccurs regularly. how do i keep it from coming back?
we are spending a weekend with family members who have just recovered from colds. are they still contagious?
i developed breathing difficulties approx  years ago which have worsened daily since?
how many times a year will medicare cover blood work for the elderly
can you administer oral medication rectally due to nausea?
having heart valve replacement surgery concerned about risk factors and other treatment options?
what types of help are available to breast cancer patients?
i have taken seven days of flagyl for trichinosis. how long before my symptoms should be gone?
what causes acne on the scalp? . there seems to be a correlation between having walnuts or pecans on my cereal in the morning and developing painful acne on my scalp? is there a correlation? if not what else could be causing the acne?
i am diagonsed with umbilical hernia. will it be possible for me to workout in gym after surgery?
whats the difference between ulcerative colitis crohns disease and irritable bowel syndrome?
i have feveris it zika virus?
what is calorie deficit? . i'm trying to lose weight so i set my calorie daily goal intake is . my exercise goal is  a day  times a week. . if i intake  and burn off  then am i just only maintaining my weight? . . how can i lose weight?
headache bodyaches fatigue nausea dizzy temp of .  comes and goes for over a year. a/g ratio is . .
do seniors need to eat fewer calories than middle-aged people?
am feeling some how tired desire to vomit and still mising my period? are these symptoms of pregnancy?
is mineral water good for your diet. can mineral water replace vegetables in a healthy diet
how does exercise affect blood sugar levels?
i have had throbbing pain under my  - left ribs that can fluctuates to unnoticeable to an ?
i have made hiv / +  antigen test am i free from hiv?
im only  but experiencing health issues associated with elderly people?
what should i know about postpartum depression?
can you get a hernia after getting hit in the groin?
why my period last only  days. i have the same problem but i am  never had a baby and did not have my tube tie. still wanting to start a family i had a blocked tube on one side and had an operation to increase the chance to get pregnant about  years ago but it was never successful and i am not sure if that has something to do with it or just because i am getting older?
should research spending on obesity drugs end?
i have a rash in my groin area. the bumps are not sores or blisters and are not puss filled. what is it? . the rash also moves from one side of my groin to the other and also moves towards and around my anus. the rash never seems to go away. i've researched all types of conditions but nothing seems to match. i'd like to add that i've had sex with several women none of whom contracted the condition so it's not contagious. can anyone help?
started my birth control  days late and had unprotected sex the days i missed my pill. can i be pregnant?
can i get clamydia from only receiving oral sex from an infected partner? . i was already cleared up with my clamydia my partner just took his meds the day before he gave me oral. did i catch it? . .
when is radiation therapy given for breast cancer?
popped knee  years ago got worse how to reduce swelling and pain
i started having a burning uncomfortable pain in my right flank area?
does the plan b pill really work if i ejaculated inside my girlfriend? even during anal sex ejaculation inside of her? . i was wondering if i would ejaculate inside of my girlfriend either in her vagina or in her anus is there a possibility of her getting pregnant even if she takes the plan-b pill right after intercourse. i was planning on doing it and buying the plan b pill for extra safety.
my ear hurts and i can barley hear out of it please help? . today when i was eating all the sudden i couldn't hear then the pain started to come on. i took some rescon it took the pain away but i still couldn't hear.
i am  days late for my monthly period. ive taken a couple of hpt (home pregnancy tests) but all came back negative.
i got dermal fillers for my lips after accident i noticed a little ball/bump inside it?
i have severe constipation. i went to the hospital but no bowel movements since?
in a tropical country like the philippines bedbugs are almost everywhere! how can we get rid of them?
what are the risk factors that cause malnutrition for someone with ulcerative colitis?
i was given doxycycline hyclate for acne and have been having an increase in urinary flow. should i stop taking it? . i read that this is a serious side effect and am concerned about what this may portend.
i am concerned about my aortic valve and pulmonary valve peak gradient need second opinion?
kindly suggest ways to overcome migraine.
"sex toys and chlamydia. how long would chlamydia cells be ""alive"" on sex toys? i tested positive for chlamydia after my bf cheated i got treated but a few days later without thinking i picked up a sex toy which is not inserted just a stimulator and for a second it went in my mouth. i realised and threw it away. is there anyway that there were alive cells or infection from vaginal fluid which could dried and not been washed off that would still be alive after a few days. or would the infection have died by then?"
can you buy hormonal birth control (pills or shots) over the counter?
what are symptoms of teething in a baby?
i took the abortion pill on december  & jan.  i had unprotected sex. my bf pulled out. odds of me being pregnant? . i took the pill on december . when my boyfriend and i had sex today  we did not use a condom. even though i came  times he pulled out and came once. as soon as i got home i started my first day of birth control and hurriedly took a pill. what are the odds of me getting pregnant? please let me know!
i have digestion problems i dont digest well stools are dark?
is shingles contagious?
can you get rid of bacteria that causes staph?
besides medication for blood pressure what is my next move? . recently my blood pressure has spiked up and my weight has well. i know exercise is needed. what else can i can do besides taking blood pressure medication.
which food that i should take and avoid to banishing belly fat? . i often run on treadmill  mins everyday but there's no changes in my belly fat. i'm  years old  and my belly size is now  cm.
what are my pregnancy odds? . i have been on the pill for  months and have never missed a pill. granted it's a very generic brand of the combination estrogen and progestin pill and i sometimes forget about them and don't take the pills at the same time every day. the time differences can be anywhere from  to  hours. my boyfriend and i always use a condom. does my taking the pill at different times every day affect my chances of pregnancy?
i get spinal injections for pain relief but i still have terrible pain?
i have a non tender left sub mandibular lymph mode swelling can it be cancerous?
why can't i eat yogurt. when i eat yogurt i get a yeast infection everytime
i receive medicare and qmb benefits due to having ms and am unable to work. . the disability benefits i receive are barely enough to live on. i also receive additional assistance from the chronic disease fund to help cover my ms medications. what can i expect in changes to my current medical coverage?
when should i start feeding table foods to my nine-month-old and what should i give her?
my husband and i are both covered (thankfully and so far! ) through his employer's health plan. are we still required to register with the aca?
our daughter is planning on flying coast to coast in august. she will be aprroximately  months pregnant. is this safe?
i have pcos and my acne is getting worse. im trying to get pregnant so birth control is not an option. what can i do?
what is in the drug toradol?
can dads suffer from postpartum depression?
i have urination issues. i just finish going and when i stand up i have an urgent need to go again?
my son has had ringworm for  weeks we are still using rx cream. school asked us to cover it. is it okay to cover?
over the counter medicine to resolve stomach pain from acid reflux? . i have acid reflux issues. i do pay attention to my diet and try to avoid anything that will make me feel miserable for the day. but it feels like when it comes to eating it's like walking on eggshells. like i don't know if something new will agree with me or not and i'm sick of living this way. i don't get heartburn -it's all in my stomach. is there anything i can take over the counter that will help me everyday?
is it better to apply heat or cold to sore muscles after stenuous exercise?
does tt injection needs to be taken once every  months or after sustaining cuts with a sharp object? . i sustained a cut on one of my fingers and blood started oozing out immediately. i washed the wound under running tap water and then applied pressure on it using kitchen tissue. after some time the blood stopped and the cut was hardly visible unless you took a closer look. i then cleaned the wound using aftershave lotion and then covered the wound surface with neosporin gel and bandaged it. it happened  days from now. do i need to take a tt injection? the last time i took it in mar .
will vitamin e help severe hot flashes?
allergic reaction to food with no breathing problems? . i ate pulled pork bbq. almost immediately my throat started hurting followed by my sinuses starting to hurt. i became very lethargic sensitive to lights and sounds. everything hurt from the neck up. my throat felt swollen face looked slightly swollen. . i went to urgent care and the doctor did not think it was food related because i did not have any breathing problems. strep and flu test came back negative. i was treated with antibiotics and steroids. . could this have been a food reaction?
why do i vomit when i brush my teeth? . i am pregnant and have not had very much nausea and no morning sickness. however every time i brush my teeth i end up gagging on the toothpaste and vomiting. it is mostly just stomach acid in the morning. i have been getting a lot of heartburn as well. i have tried different flavored toothpaste and even kids toothpaste and nothing helps. what can i do?
i have a rash between my thighs could it be a heat rash. i have a rash that was diagnose as a yeast rash but that has been a month ago. now i have a rash there again but i doesn't feel or look like the first rash it feels like a burn like when you burn your fingers and it turns bright red when i come out of the shower or wear my jeans when it's warm. and it's between my upper thighs and i am a male. what can i do or do i have to got to the dr.
i had one of my ovaries removed could i be infertile?
what is coronary artery disease?
i have diabetes what are the drugs which must treat the congestive heart failure. pleas am diabetic patient
what research is being done on osteoarthritis?
does the plan b pill really work if i ejaculated inside my girlfriend? even during anal sex ejaculation inside of her? . i was wondering if i would ejaculate inside of my girlfriend either in her vagina or in her anus is there a possibility of her getting pregnant even if she takes the plan-b pill right after intercourse. i was planning on doing it and buying the plan b pill for extra safety.
i ache all the time mostly my neck shoulders arms and hands and tired all the time. bloodwork came back good
what are some tips for using a condom correctly?
what is the normal magnesium level? . my boyfriend has liver cancer and i am just wondering what the normal level of magnesium and potassium and bilirubin are his counts are all coming down but we just want to know what a normal is for all of these test. thank you
what is carbidopa (lodosyn) used for parkinson's disease?
i was diagnosed with a concussion now have dizzy spells?
period bleeding a little have not initial bleeding yet. can not be pregnant. whats going on? <negative_smiley>. i got my period march  before it was early feb. i have had all the signs and feelings i was going to get my period soon. i am only spotting. last night i had some blood really light color though. and i figured when i woke up i would be bleeding heavy like usual. but nothing. i took my tampon out to check and only a tiny bit. % positive i cant be pregnant. any reasons. im freaking out.
is melatonin safe to give a five year old?
what are the symptoms of shingles and how is it diagnosed?
i work  hours a week for a large company and currently have health insurance through my husband's employer. . will my company still have to offer me health insurance even though i can provide proof of insurance? i am concerned because i believe my employer may cut my hours to less than  so they don't have to offer me insurance.
i started having a burning uncomfortable pain in my right flank area?
what factors can aggravate atopic dermatitis?
age  female - eye dr says my corneas are pale. what does that mean and what could be the consequenses as i age? . i started with reading glasses and last year went to wearing bi focals and this year prescription was incresed for my bifocals. i have had  drs say my corneas are pale but neither explained what that meant or the consequences. thank you for your help.
my mom has one hip is a little higher up than the other and it hurts?
could light colored or watery blood be a sign of anemia? . my blood looks light red rather than bright red it seems thin it won't even completely stain a white t-shirt. my spouse has much thicker darker blood by comparison.
pain upper right side abdom and back w naus freq urina no vom no fever no gallbladder. on ibs pain meds daily. appendix?
my husband takes gabapentin hydrocodone venlafaxine & hydroxyzine. what otc meds can he take for congestion & cough?
can a bad liver be cause of swelling of hands & feet
i have missed my period many times for about  months. i also urinate randomly have depression and i'm always tired. when i get my period it'll come back - months later. this all started when my mom was in the icu last july-september. she's out now and life is back to normal but my depression got worse i'm missing periods and sometimes my toes and my fingertips will get really cold and i don't know why. i'm . (also when i don't have my period i still have super bad cramps the whole time i'm off of it. it's like they never stop. ) (i've also had a cyst on my head for many years don't know if that matters)
can a kid get herpes from a cigarette butt?
yesterday i got brown discharge in my underwear. i'm scared that it is going to happen again today. is this my period?
my  year old boy has fever for  days?
hi um  years old and i have been trying to get pregnant for almolst  years
our doc suggested starting our -month-old on solids but she's resisting and crying. do you have tips?
what are the ways to remove acne scars?
"can wearing a helmet for ""flat head"" syndrome affect the pituitary gland and possibly the growth of a child? . our grandson was a healthy robust normal size (weight and height ) child and was growing as he should. then he was prescribed a helmet to help shape his head. that was when he stopped growing. he will be  in  months and is smaller than many  year olds. he is perfectly proportioned but is tiny. could the helmet have damaged his pituitary gland and affected his growth?"
would i get pregnant? . my boyfriend and i had protected sex. we had a deal that he should ejaculate outside of me even whenhe's wearing condom. when he was about to ejaculate the condom slid off and he ejaculated on my butt cheeks. he said it was far from my vagina. but i am paranoid. should i take plan b?
what causes me to hear a pulsating sound in my right ear? when i press on my neck it goes away.
what are the treatment options for hair loss?
stage  throat and neck cancer undergoing chemo and radiotherapy need second opinion?
i have dark brown thick stringy mucus like blood what could it be. my period was supposed to start on the  of this month i usually have signs like light cramping or fatigue ect. but this time nothing. i started to have thick brown stringy blood. my tubes are tide but ive had  miscarries since then my lower belly hurts and my lower back and sligh shoulder pain could i be pregnant again? the doc did say my tubes may have come loose or untied!
my mother in law is bedridden shaking incontinent and virtually sleeps all day no one seems to care?
what are the symptoms of chickenpox varicella?
if you have sores on the base of his penis and it burned to pee would you say it is an allergic reaction?
i am a -year-old female whose face has become extremely oily. i wash my face at least twice a day what can i do? . i use makeup specifically for oily skin types. i use an astringent and i moisturize. after i wash my face it's like an oil pool again within  minutes.
what causes razor bumps and what i do about them?
can a person with private health insurance coverage as a primary get a marketplace plan as a secondary?
what is the difference between healthy and unhealthy fat?
is it considered abuse or illegal to have a child of the same sex sleep in the same room as the parent?
i have a pilonidal cyst that is leaking small amounts of pus mixed with blood throughout the day. should i go to the er. i have a pilonidal cyst that is leaking small amounts of pus mixed with blood periodically throughout the day. should i go to the er? . i do not have a family physician i went to a walk in clinic and the physician told me he has referred me to a specialist. that was a week ago and i have not heard word since. if i go to the emergency room at my local hospital will a colorectal surgeon be able to clean out the cyst and remove the hairs? i live in canada so the cost of going to er is not an issue.
i am around - weeks pregnant. i felt movement in my right side still feel pressure near my right rib. what is this? . i know i shouldn't be feeling movement this early. much less all the way to my rib cage. could this be a still born child or a pregnancy in my tubes? what do i do i'm really scared.
what are lewy bodies related to parkinson's disease?
will there be any adverse interactions between accutane (/day) and the workout supplement creatine (/day)? . im a  year old athletic male.
suffering from acid reflux and bloating for the third time in a year. why?
i am just fed up with my dark complexion. please prescribe me some skin whitening product.
what is acute fulminant hepatitis?
can fluconazole be taken instead of phenytoin
i have lupus. how can i maintain good bone health?
if you see a patient for meds only (with someone else as psychotherapist) how many minutes do you spend with a patient?
what vitamin or herbs help restless leg syndrome? . my mother has restless leg syndrome. she takes requip which helps however she continues to suffer from this illness. her legs jump for no reason just when she is sitting and watching tv. is there any herbs vitamins or suppliments that help with this condition?
i have a first time sex experience  aged boy using a condom but i just ejaculated even bofore inserting into her why? . i real felt bad her vagina seem to be small because i tried inserting into her but couldnt! untill i ejaculated and that was the end of the story. i waited for sometime for my penis to get strong again but the same thing happened. can a condom be the problem? what should i do to make me enjoy sex and let her enjoy as well?
how can a stye that is inside of the eyelid be cured?
how can benign prostatic hyperplasia bph be prevented?
my friend  months pregnant and a drug addict is it safe to just stop using when shes this far long? . she uses cocaine frequently
how long is a  year old man hospitialized with a fractured hip
why do i want to eat tostito chip scoops and mozzarello cheese melted all the time?
can b  cause leg cramps? . since my husband started taking b  he has been getting severe leg cramps
i was  days late and now that i got its a brown color and i had unprotected sex while ovulating could i be pregnant
"my  yr old poops and pees almost daily. what could be causing this and how can i help him? . he used to have the ""occasional"" accident but now it is almost daily. i really want to help"
what if i am pregnant or nursing while taking relenza?
ive been sick for over  years. i have stomach pain cramps diarrhea mild constipation mild headache mild nausea fatigued?
i have a sore stomach taking nexium is there anything else i can do to ease the pain?
does a cbc check for multiple problems in the blood or just one? . i had a cbc done and i want to make sure that my doctor was not just checking to see if i was anemic.
i have athletes foot on the hands and feet or eczema?
i have hand shaking problems since i was ?
i have hypothyrodism have had this now for  / years bloodwork said extremely low now im extremely high what next
i gave my child an antihistamine more than  hours ago. now he has a fever. is it ok to give him children's tylenol?
i found lumps on my left testicle what could this mean? .
i feel like there is some food in my throat and now any other food won't go down. i have very little teeth and may have swallowed something i didn't chew good enough. what can i do to get it down.
rectal examyou have cancer?
what is the general dose or type of antibiotic for a minor wound infection? . i fell and scraped my knee on saturday and it gave me some road rash but nothing too bad. i went to a clinic for a completely unrelated issue a sore roof of my mouth and some little sores and mentioned the knee as an afterthought. they prescribed  mg /day of cephalexin even though it appears only very slightly infected. i'm very hesitant to take this amount especially since i just got off a round of antibiotics for a wisdom tooth. is this amount normal?
my  old has a fever of .  no other symptoms. in-laws say to wrap her up so she can sweat it out is this safe? . its only been for a day and after i gave her a lukewarm bath it lowered to . . mother-in-law gave her a rubbing alcohol sponge bath. was this ok? i saw it raised her temp. instead of helping. should i take her to the e. r. she's been good all day playing eating drinking water just this high fever. they insist i make her sweat it out. i want to know if its safe or not.
my husband has been sick for a week has cold sweat feels nauseated and dizzy?
i have a bump on my nose that has been there since sep. i saw the dermatologist and he scraped it. now it is bigger. the dermatologist said that it may be a vascular hemangioma but i don't think i agree. it started as a raised bump on the bridge of my nose after he scraped it it has grown from  to  and now has visible blood vessels. i saw a plastic surgeon and he wanted to inject it with a steroid to see if that would shrink it but he is not certain what it is either. the dr. said that it is uncommon for adults to have a hemangioma and i can't find anything online that is similar to me. what is it?
"what could be the cause(s) of very bad hygene habits? . my nephew  has very bad hygene habits like not knowung that he needs to bathe on a regular basis. he also doesn't get that he should wash his hands after visiting the bathroom. it's so bad that he has to be told to shower at which pont he will. i noticed his tendency to ""smell"" at an early age and i spoke to him about it and reaffirmed how important it is to maintain good hygene. i concluded he would grow out of it but years later he's older and much worse. please help. . . . thanks"
yesterday morning my gf period was over and the same day we doing sex and today evening is. dear sir/mam iam not so much good in english hope you can understand what iam asking. yesterday morning my gf period was over and the same day we doing sex and today evening is also we doing sex again we are not using any condom or any pill now i want to know is there any strong chance for pregnancy?
if i feed my kids healthy food can they skip the fluoride?
i have been having severe chest pains irregular heart beat swelling of the hands legs and feet weakness
i am a woman of color with acne scars. what can i use to help remove the scars that are left from acne flare-ups?
i gave birth  weeks agopain in my legs chest and back
i had root canal in  still painful – how can i trust doctors after that?
non-chlamydia/gonorrhea caused penile discharge. i've taken antibiotics  times. symptoms go away then return in  weeks. i am  male. i have clear and cloudy penile discharge and a burning sensation while i urinate. . i have taken  treatments of ciprofloxacn - weeks each time. at the end of each treatment i feel % fine with no symptoms then  weeks later the symptoms return: clear and cloudy penile discharge burning sensation when i urinate a slight pressure in my groin/bladder area and sometime in my testicles. . i have simplex i herpes which % of americans do if that could possible play a part in this.
i can no longer afford to pay for viagra. should i order from a canadian online pharmacy? how do i know its legitimate?
my dog barked ( away) loudly and my closest ear suffered immediate and continuous ringing with actual pain; why?
healthy female  - glasses of wine per week healthy eater but sick with a cold. will i pass a liver profile test?
my doctor has recommended tear duct fusion is it safe?
my boyfriend hasnt been able to poop nothin in  days and is having stomach pain
i came on my period on dec  and went off on the  and stated bleeding on and off up until the  can i be pregnant?
im worried i might be pregnant i was only spotting yesterday and then it stopped i took a test and it was negative
what virus causes roseola?
my son and daughter-in-law have  children and make $<negative_smiley>hour averaging  hours a week. . how much is health insurance going to cost them?
am i likely to have erectile dysfunction as i age?
can someone be infected with chlamydia through other things besides sex? like needles razors etc.
missed two pills three days after i had sex. likelihood of pregnancy? . last week was my girlfriend's placebo week and on thursday night she took her active pill. we had sex midmorning on friday and she took her pill on friday saturday and sunday. however she forgot to take her pill on monday and tuesday. she took them both at the moment she realized she had forgotten. what's the likelihood that she's pregnant
i just got the flu shot yesterday and my arm feels heavy fuzzy and sore especially in shoulder joint. is this normal? . there is also a large red lump the size of half an orange. i have tried rubbing my arm in spot of shot and doing exercises with arm to try and work out soreness. but it is very sore in the shoulder especially and even with my tetanus booster shot it wasn't this sore.
i have type ii diabetes. what is the best form of exercise for my condition? . i take metformin twice a day and insulin in the evening. i would like a recommendation on a good exercise program especially since i have a busy and sometimes inconsistant schedule.
am i pregnant. i have not had my period since november and when i take a pregnancy test it comes back negative but i have all the symptoms
my doctor says i'm obese. are diet pills a good option?
fingered with dirty hands - please help. hello this is my first time asking a question on here. i am a bit of a germaphobe. last night things got carried away and my guy fingered me before i could make him wash his hands (why can't they do it on their own? ) anyways i'm freaking out because he had just handled his pet parrot and now i'm obsessing over getting some sort of avian disease. i took a shower after but i'm afraid it's too late. please give me your advice.
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of bricanyl?
"my dad had his bladder removed due to cancer. has a urostomy. now after  years he has blood from his penis and pain. he is not sexually active nor masturbates"". no trauma or injury. just pain and a slow oozing of bright red blood. no other symptoms or changes with his urostomy. he does have a large abdominal hernia from the bladder removal surgery done in . cancer?"
can maxzide cause hair loss? . i'm a  year old female and was diagnosed with hypertension  years ago. i was prescribed maxzide which controls my hypertension very well. twelve years ago my hair started to fall out. first with pimple break outs then itching badly and the last stage was tingling of the scalp then hair loss. i want to know if maxzide could be the reason for my hair loss?
i started having a burning uncomfortable pain in my right flank area?
im  weeks pregnant and have small brown patches around my breast. they itch sometimes dry out and peel. any ideas?
what are the symptoms of prostate cancer?
what is acne?
what are arthritis symptoms and signs?
i have been getting pain in the left side just below the second rib in the back?
what is the success rate ofcervical - - anterior partical corpectomy disctomy fusion? . what is the success rate of a cervical - - anterior partical corpectomy disctomy fusion and instrumentation operation?
my  year old daughter has been having a shooting pain on the top right of her head?
i started having severe pain in my lower back and left side abdomen just under my bottom rib should my doctor do other tests?
i had an allergic reaction and was given an oral  dose of prednisone. how long will it stay in my system? . the allergic reaction was from niacin. the prednisone has caused my heart to beat faster. how long will this last and will lots of water help flush it faster from my body?
feel very depressed fingernails and toenails very brittle. hair loss. hair is kinky straw like. pale skin. insomnia. suffer from copper deficiency.
my moms . o. diabetic emphysema-her blood sugar is -what do you do to lower it?
do you have to be pregnant to produce colostrum?
my grandma hasnt slept in  days she has bronchitis?
what is the best bedtime snack that will not raise your morning blood glucose reading? . my blood glucose readings are between  and  in the morning before eating.
i have a lump that looks like a bruise but it is filled with blood. it bleeds and will not heal. it on my butt/thigh. i'v had the lump for a few month. it will get smaller and then will fill with blood and open a tiny pin hole and bleed. it got bigger when i tried popping it blood sprayed out it was very red in color(the blood).
is fexofenadine the same as allegra for allergies?
had ruptured brain aneurysm now dizzy loss of balance split vision both eyes seeing separately?
has anyone tried medical marijuana for shingles pain? . traditional pain meds are not helping.
been having chest pains for quite some time now?
i cut skin between thumb and forefinger should i get stitches. does this type of a cut always require stitches? i cleaned the cut and is no longer bleeding.
pvcs happen more when laying down when first awaking in the morning. its not every day. i am  year old male. diagnosed with pvcs from left ventricle. i am on ccb which have decrease pvcs from about % to about %. beta blockers did not work well and side effects caused me to be tired and have rapid weight gain. pvcs seem to seem to happen more whey laying down at first waking up in the morning. pvcs go away with exercise. my question is : why do i have pvcs more frequently when laying down when first awaking in the morning. but go away immediately when i stand or sit up
the last few months my anus has been itchy before i go to bed. i am usually busy in the day so i am wondering if i am itchy all during the day but only notice it at night (when i'm almost always laying stomach down while using the computer). i also had mysterious itchy red dots on my legs  years ago and i usually still have one or two on my thigh at any given time. could unseen ones on my anus be the cause of the itch? or is my anus just itchy because i almost never scratch (a fear of pinworms makes me almost never scratch)?
do any of the new laser resurfacing procedures help diminish pore size?
hi doc is it advisable to use a therapy machine device to reduce stiffness for  month old baby?
is  for anxiety truly a safe and helpful alternative to pharmaceutical drugs?
do stitches need to stay in longer if a cut gets infected? . my son in law doesn't have insurance and cut his forearm with hedge trimmers. he went to the er to get stitches. they stitched him up and gave him a tetness shot. they told him to see his doctor in  days to get the stitches removed. a few days later he had to go back to get an antibiotic. do the stitches need to stay in longer. he does not want to go somewhere to get them removed if they have to stay in longer. he doesn't want to have two more additional medical bills. thank you!
what triggers psoriatic arthritis?
i have a hard oval growth that is painful to touch behind my left knee at the very top of my calf. it has been  and it doesn't hurt unless i touch it but i can always feel it because of the size of it
i missed last month period and i havnt started yet i took home test and they say no and my belly is bigger am i pregnant. i done this with my other one and i was on birth control
my twins are  mnths have stuffy noses and a bad cough. one nose had blood in her mucus what should i do? . no fever cranky but will eat.
"what is the medical term for a girls ""cherry"" that is dislodged upon intercourse?"
what are the risk factors for heart disease in people with diabetes?
im  weeks pregnant. yesterday i started spotting after having sex. its lightened up alot and i think i can still feel. the baby moving but that could be hopeful thinking. i have pco and the women in my family tend to be rh negative. there are alot of factors against this baby ever having made it this far. if the bleeding stops and doesnt start again. is there a chance my baby will make it? i have no outward cramps or pain. normal growing irritations down there but nothing i havent been experiencing before this. please give it to me straight should i run to the er or am i ok?
i now am going for robotic surgery had hysterectomy almost a year ago?
i missed my period and now i'm cramping and having belly button pain.
i am post menopausal and sex has become painful and i have a blood tinged discharge afterward. what could this be? . the discharge was pinkish and mucus-like. i also have some pain under my fib cage in fromnt and back and have been experiencing some nausea and stomach pain. do i have an infection? .
is blood shot eyes an indication of a problem after doing exercise?
is it possible to be pregnant and still have a period?
shooting pain from my heart area to my neck behind the ear across my shoulder
when a child goes for check ups or shots for school would the doctor be able to pick up on signs of autism? . how apparent would the signs of autism be to a pediatric doctor?
 year old guy uncircumcised virgin. my problem is that my penis gets swollen when i masturbate well the outer skin. i'm  uncircumcised and still a virgin. as i masturbate i could feel a mild sting on the skin and the outer skin of my penis gradually swells. and this happens every time. i don't masturbate too frequently and i don't do too rough so i don't understand why it would do that. and the swelling lasts a couple hours after i ejaculate. is this normal is there someone i can/should do?
my brother has a blockage in his esophagus which now makes him unable to swallow any thing?
can drinking more water replace prescribe water pill? . i was prescribe a water pill to take; but i don't want to take it. can i just drink more water to make myself urinate more?
do you have to pay taxes on health plans in the health insurance marketplace at the end of the year? . or are they pre-taxed like employer-sponsored plans?
 yr old has shown signs of early puberty. xray shows rate  yr old. he is of average height/weight (/) concerned? . possible precocious puberty? the signs are a few pubic hairs. otherwise normal healthy boy. does have reactive airway. has periodically used broncial dialators and regular use of antihisamines.
what effects does meth have on children when the parents smoke it around them im the grand father
whey protein has caused unstoppable diarrhea body is getting weaker by the day?
my daughter did not receive the flu shot. she is now in her  trimester & she has the flu. serious risk for the baby? . although her doctors are supposed to be good reputable doctors she couldn't tell me why she had not received the flu shot yet! now she is in her  trimester & she ended up with the flu! i am very worried because she was also out of her prenatal vitamins for a week. she was prescribed tamiflu and now shes feelings a little better but i want to know the danger to the baby. . . .
i have black pimples on penis corona what are they?
under the aca what's the point of view on infertility treatments (e. g. ivf)?
i was recently diagnosed with innapropriate sinus tachycardia worried heart rate will go too low?
belly aching starving nauseous cant sleep – what could it be?
what is mch in blood tests
when is the best time to get vaccinated for the flu?
how do i remove black spots on my face?
though my ekg showed sinus tachycardia why did not my doctor worry about that?
can you recommend a medication for rebound headaches besides excedrin?
i have had a uti for about  months. i'm tired and very sore all the time. should i be going to a doctor right away? . i am  years old. i have a history of high blood pressure and had gestational diabetes. i recently have lost about  pounds over the course of a year.
what should i take for fever and aches?
is there a link between continually hives and sythetic thyroid medications? . i just started to get hives on my body one day. the dermatologists did the removal of possible triggers and nothing helped. it has been about  and / yrs and i have to take antihistamine medications to keep them at bay. i also have hypothyroidism (for  yrs. ) and i heard synthetic medications may cause thyroid antibodies to react against the body causing the hives. has anyone seen this connection?
i have some hip pain  weeks. had mra image recently would welcome second opinion?
 years old a female lately i've been having really bad chest pains pain in my lower abdomen and right under my heart. i've been getting these pains randomly even when i'm just sitting. i get dizzy and nauseous at the most random times also which sometimes causes me to have headaches. but it doesn't hurt all the time like sometimes it will start out just like a heavy feeling and its more annoying but then it spreads lower and starts to hurt almost like a pinching feeling. i've had a hard time taking deep full breaths and i only hurt on the left side of my torso and a little on my lower back.
is one hfa inhaler more effective than another?
i have fever several times a day with pressure in lower abdomen?
hi i am suffering from shingles i got this one day ago very painful?
my son is  and he is convinces that cabohydrates from grains will damage his joint health. is this true?
is it okay for a resident doctor to actively participate in a caesarean? . hi . my wife had a caesarean. there were two doctors that performed the operation that lasted nearly for an hour. in addition to an experienced md there was a resident doctor. should this be acceptable? . to be honest i was initially terrified because the operation sounded like a training session. i could hear the experienced doctor giving instructions to the resident. . thanks
i have been experiencing sharp lancing pain behind my right ear in the mastoid area?
most of the time when i get cold it's triggered by my allergies. is this normal? what can i do to prevent this? . i laid over freshly cut grass (usually an allergy trigger) in  minutes the allergies kicked in. sneezing runny nose watery eyes. went home to take an otc allergy med. the medicine didn't seem to work as it usually did. (i have very manageable seasonal allergies). that night i has a full blown cold. fever chills body aches terrible sore throat. . for year i have seen the same pattern. . not all my allergies trigger a cold but most of my colds are triggered by simple allergies.
i have shingles on my back and stomach. can i still get a pedicure?
"high metabolism and need to gain weight. i am a  year old female with an incredibly high metabolism. i'm '"" tall and i bounce between  and  pounds depending on the day but my goal weight is . i have tried all sorts of foods and weight gaining drinks/shakes but nothing works and i have found that i lose weight when i eat just healthy food (not enough sugars in it and i burn right through it and am hungry every  minutes but i can't afford to eat all the time) but don't want to eat unhealthy all the time. any suggestions?"
what does it mean if your thyroglobin ab are very high but all the others are normal? and how does that affect the body? . i am wondering if the thyroglobin ab being high could correlate to the weight gain(+ lbs a month and can't lose it) breast enlargement( cup sizes) fatigue and lack of menstration. i have been tested for cancer(negative) and i have no family history of these issues. from the research i have done i cannot find an answer so i am hoping that someone could enlighten me so i would have a stepping stone the next time i went to the doctor about this.
"i gradually lost my sense of smell approx  years ago. recent mri is normal. is this condition permanent? . from mri result narrative: ""there is mild mucosal thickening of the maxillary and ethmoid sinuses and mild right nasal septal deviation. i can smell eucalyptus in the aroma therapy room at the gym but that's it. nothing else. could spending more time in aroma therapy help?"
how is coronary artery disease treated?
is my stomache suppose to bloat like im  months pg everytime i eat or drink?
i am suffering from post nasal discharge and sore throat from past few months. what could be the reason and treatment?
what type of doctor treats scoliosis?
if a person has a bad reaction to a bee sting can any stings in the future cause anaphylaxis? . my husband has a hive. he got stung on the back of his neck and the reaction escalated for  days to half the neck being bright red swollen and hard. is he in danger of anaphylaxis from future stings?
can transplant be considered for someone whose kidneys have not yet failed?
i suddenly have a long bus commute and motion sickness (nausea/headache) is a problem. what's the best otc solution? . i need to work after my commute so drowsiness would be a problem. also i take a lot of cholesterol medication including crestor welchol and fish oil as well as co-enzyme q- b- niacin. so i am worried about conflicts. any help would be appreciated!
should i continue having ovary pain after it has been removed? . i am  months post op after hysterectomy and l ovary removal but still feeling pain on left side where ovary was. also feeling some in my belly button. is this normal?
i am a  yr old female on medicare and mainecare. am i still covered under obamacare?
i have suffered from random intermittent neuropathic pain is it early symtoms of multiple sclerosis (ms)?
my  year old daughter has tricuspid valve regurgitation nausea getting worse?
can blood donation cause kidney pain? . a day after blood donation the right kidney hurts. could the blood donation have anything to do with that or is it maybe just a coincidence?
what hairstyles do teenage guys like on girls? . short hairstyles on little girls | hairstyles for girls. <link> in this video radona shows you how to style a short haircut on little girls. check out our other hair tutorials on our youtube channel girls hairstyles  or on our website. <link>
at what age or point is the t-score in bone density scans used instead of a z-score?
why does the penis retract while running. my penis retracts significantly while running or performing strenuous cardio. my penis does return to its original state after either pulling it back out with much pain or allowing it to relax and return to its original state - minutes.
i have undifferentiated connective tissue disease. brain mri shows white spots?
i read that open jar packaging oxidizes the anti-aging ingredients in moisturizers. will it last longer in the fridge?
what does the shingles vaccine do?
i have been wearing hair weaves for four years. now my hair touches my shoulders. how can i keep growing it out?
with both of my pregnancys an at home urine test did not say positive until a week or so after my missed period. does that mean i ovulated later in my cycle? instead of the usual  days after my period started did i ovulate later in my cycle for some reason? i know with my first son they tested my hcg levels and they were low would that contribute to their being a delay in a positive result? and are hcg levels normally low in some woman? what causes this?
if you forget to take your iron pills that was perscribed to you will anything bad happen?
when i gave birth i tore very very badly urine is now inside my vaginal canal?
how can you increase the speed for a woman to orgasm?
besides juvenile rheumatoid arthritis other forms of arthritis affect children?
what surgery options do i have for tuberculosis tb?
i have strep throat (streptococcal pharyngitis) prescribed clindamycin now feel awful?
how is osteoarthritis treated?
i ve have difficulty breathing blocked nose runny nose teary eyes for long time now chest pains?
what's wrong with me? . i go to sleep at about  each night and it doesn't matter how much i eat during the day when i wake up from sleep the next morning at around - am i'm starving to death it feels like. i eat several meals during the day and i have lost  lbs since this has been going on during the last  months. it makes me feel so puny and weak and most of the time nauseous and i have actually vomited from it is couple times from it. what is going on with me?
surgeon said he had to take cartilage out from my jaw?
when doing sit-ups the skin around my tailbone is rubbing raw what can i do to prevent this?
should a oral surgeon remove impacted wisdom teeth if the patient has a sinus infection. what are the risks if they do it?
i had a perfect vision until i suddenly developed a double vision when i was on a europe trip doctors cannot diagnose whats wrong with me?
i am having trouble swallowing my food. it feels like i the food wont go down. i have very little teeth. i want to eat but every time i do the food won't go down and i end up having to throw it up.
is there a way to tell if i am pregnant even if the home test say i am not?
how is gallstones treated?
i heard that fluoride can damage teeth. if so what are the alternatives for toothpaste?
can anxiety attack be confused with heart attack?
why do my fingers turn white & get numb in cold weather?
what is the way of reducing weight for  years old boy if he doesnt want to exercise at all? . my boy is  years old he is  kg weight and doesnt have any mood for exercises i tried a lot of things to encourage him reduce weight. please advice on what to do and if there is any medications that is safe and can help him. we live in canada. thanks
how do my husband and i apply for the insurance subsidy if our adjusted income will be ?
 yo son received dye /liquid into cannula during ct scan now has tremors?
i get stomach pains and nauseous sometimes i can't eat for a whole day sometimes if i eat i will throw it back up. sometimes it occurs when i am upset but it mostly just happens at random.
why did i have an adverse reaction after taking gas x
i have or think i have rh sensitization during pregnancy when should i contact my doctor?
have irregular periods but can i be pregnant? . iam  years old and had sexual intercourse this month on the  but i started to have a discharge and then lighr blood the day after until now. could it be my period or can it be that there is a small possibility that my eggs are being fertilized. i really dont know how that works out. should i take a pregnancy test? and when is it a good time and how many weeks should i wait to take it if i should do it? . thank you.
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of albuterol?
is she pregnant? need help. hi. i am  and my girlfriend is also the same of my age. me and my girlfriend got in contact about a month ago. we did not done any intercourse. bt i fingered her for very short time. and before i fingered her i have touched my penis. i don't know if there was any precum on my penis or that was some sweat only. she got her period on her regular time after we have done this. so me and my girlfriend are very scare about this and feeling very sorry. please help if she can get pregnant or not?
when riding my bicycle my penis shrinks into my pelvis. it is very uncomfortable. is this dangerous to my prostate? . even when i stand up my penis feels really uncomfortable when riding hard or uphill. i am  male about  pounds and '. i don't wear bicycle shorts.
will a pimple show up in an mri. my nephew had a small bump by his ear thought it was a pimple forming and woke up the next day and whole side of face was and still is swollen my sis took him to the doc and they have no clue as to what it is. had an mri done should nothing and having biopsy today. but my question will a pimple show on an mri?
i am extremely agoraphobic despite help from my psychologist psychiatrist and medication. why else can i do?
how can thrush be prevented?
ive been having feelings of blacking out and my heart will race and my chest will burn.
should i tell my anesthesiologist? . i have a pre surgical appointment with my anesthesiologist in  weeks and i recently smoked marijuana and i do not plan on ever smoking again. should i make this aware to the anesthesiologist? i'm not sure if they will test for it. it obviously wouldn't have any effect on surgery or anything since surgery is long away
does anemia cause body pain. my sister is  years old. she has been suffering from body pain all over for years. no doctor has been able to figure out the cause of the pain. her hemoglobin count is at  and has been there for a few years and her doctor did not think this was a problem. could this low hemoglobin level be the cause of her body pain which is only relieved by advil. what should be her path forward. . thank you. sam
hypothyroidism does this make your hair fall out in unusual amounts?
i lost consciousness twice without any particular reason?
i have a rx for omnicef that i have have since / is it still good to use for sore throat swollen tonsils stuffy nose?
how much exercise does it take to lower cholesterol?
whats the best diet for great glutes?
how is anemia related to chronic disease treated?
my  week old son has constipation what can we do to relieve it?
thyroid problem. taking homeopathy medicines. female   feet. what should she do
how long does it take for a methylprednisolone injection to take effect? i got it  hours ago for an ear infection. they have an cortisporin ear drop waiting for me at the pharmacy. should i pick it up now or give the infection more time to work?
my wife suffered a stroke. she is in therapy at a rehab center. will medicade pay for a walkin massage tub for her? . my wife's therapist recommends that she have a walking massage tub installed in our home upon her release from the rehab center. will medicare help pay for this tub? if so how do i apply for this?
what is the standard charge for cpt code . i had a stereotactic needle biopsy of a breast (cpt code ) and the provider billed the insurance company $ . this seems really exhorbitant for a simple needle biopsy. i've been attempting to find out if this is a realistic charge for this procedure.
if i leave a tampon in too long am i at risk for toxic shock syndrome?
what conditions does midol max st cramp formula treat?
i have swimmers ear cyprodex doesnt work?
blackheads have been a problem for many years of my life. what should i look for in a doctor to treat this problem? . i've had black and whitehead problems all my life and i am  years old. i'm ready to find a dermatologist that can help me with this issue but don't know what to look for while researching. what questions should i ask and how do i know they are reputable?
can heartburn cause pressure in mouth? . i feel something like pressure in different parts of my mouth and sometimes shoulder can heartburn/indegestion cause this?
do i have to have a pap smear to get another years prescription of birth control
i have been having joint pain in my hands fingers balls of feet and toes. these areas feel sore stiff and swollen?
should my son go to school with a broken collarbone
i had lumbar spinal fusion on //. i am now having alot of pain. recommended procedure consider too dangerous?
should i avoid drinking alcohol before a tooth extraction?
my bladder feels full and burns urethra itches tests all ok?
is sex during pregnancy safe?
 old male child with a recurrent git and respiratory infection?
can a lack of nicotine cause hallucinations for someone who has smoked for years? . i have been smoking for a number of years and decided to stop. i have been smoke free for  weeks but have started hallucinating can the lack of nicotine cause that?
i have been taking synthroid for at least  years now want to get pregnant?
i am  day post op from a knee replacement and i have a few patches of red?
how long after having sexual intercourse can i take a pregnancy test and get a valid answer?
i'm on my third day of z pack but still have sinus pain fever & glands are extremely swollen in my neck?
i had unprotected sex  days ago with my fiance now i am spotting. can i be pregnant?
my cholesterol is /. i eat healthy maybe too healthy. i am '  exercise. why is my cholesterol high? . i don't eat much meat. lots of shrimp and fish. i also eat frozen yogurt everyday would that cause it?
is nocturia for a  year old male an alarming sign? i have to wake up once every night to urinate. sometimes there is pain in the perineum if urine is passed after ejaculation. there is minimal fluid intake before bed time. the nocturia has been persistent for almost a year but currently i've noticed some urgency on increased fluid intake if has been sitting for prolonged times in a specific position.
most of my bowel movements are hard pebbles most of the time i use a rubber glove on my hand to get the stool out why. i eat a lot of fiber and have used senocot and miralax without much relief i also have pain in my groin area that affects my walking sometimes. i have been having this problem for a few years i also have gerd and take protonics for that. what can i do?
bowel issues in teenager. my  yr old daughter is having bowel movements in her clothes seemingly on purpose. i'm finding soiled underwear hidden in her room and soiled towels etc. i've questioned her repeatedly but she denies any problem. all i know is that she started this a few months ago after attending basketball camp and was having constipation issues. i started her on miralax but the problem is ongoing and i don't believe it is a constipation issue anymore.
can you get pregnant in a shower if a guy jerks off with one hand washes hands then fingers you with the other? . we were in the shower he jerked off and nothing got on me. he did it with his right hand. then he went to wash himself from sperm and after that he fingered me with his other left hand. he is % percent he washed his hands well from it but he only used warm/hot water no soap. he didnt put his finger in a lot when he fingered me and i am also still a virgin but what are the chances of me getting pregnant? the last day of my period was wednesday may  and this happened on friday the 
what if you become pregnant right after removing an iud? without a cycle in between removal and conception?
feeling hot frequently but no fever no body ache or any other symptoms. i am feeling hot at specific intervals during the day for the past  week but the temperature never crosses  deg. my skin heats up but temperature drops back to normal after  minutes. i tried paracetamol for  days but the symptoms continue. there are no other symptoms like general weakness body pain muscle pain sweating prolonged fever rashes swellings headaches or migraines. my food intake is normal. is this a symptom of tb or malaria or any other parasitic or bacterial infection?
if guy ejaculates on toilet then min later girl goes to restroom and water splashes on her vulva can she get pregnant? . it was a family member and i am worries
how is income level determined under the terms of obamacare? i am retired  - not yet eligible for medicare.
my husband went to dr . his blood sugar was  and his  was over . they said off the charts. whats this mean
what would cause severe continuous pain on both ovaries? . the pain has been continuous since october  the doctors have done ultra sound and cat scan. the test showed a follicular cyst on either ovary. the most recent test has shown cysts are gone. still in severe pain nothing relieves the pain.
i am facing a laparoscopic mastectomy can this surgery be done without taking lapron?
blood in urine severe burning and very little urine when urininating even though feel have to go bad.
could a male develop a yeast infection after having a veasectomy?
he got hurt in his penis tried ejaculating and could do it. will he be able to have children in the future for %? . so we were playing and i threw a ball into his direction and he got hurt in his penis. he stayed on the ground for some time and had pain for the next two days. he told me that he tried ejaculating after that and he could do that. is it % that he had no harm and that he can have children in the future? !
i have the flu over and over again. its been  years?
my mother in law is bedridden shaking incontinent and virtually sleeps all day no one seems to care?
am i pregnant or not. on  th dec i got intimated with my fiance however we didnt have vaginal intercourse it was just masturbating each other how ever i am not sure whether he cleaned his hand before touching me. my periods where due on  th dec on  th of dec there was brownish spotting and the bleeding increased little but it was not like my normal periods as it was light which lasted for  days after that i took  hpt which was negative
my labia is swollen and red. should i have surgery to correct it? . i used to have an inguinal hernia when i was a baby and had surgery then to fix the condition. recently my labia minora has been stretched out and i noticed there were a few spots that the skin appeared grey. also it's sometimes painful to walk and sit down. i've been wondering if i should have a surgery consulation to tuck my in labia a bit. i don't want it chopped off but it'd be nice to finally feel comfortable! .
i am almost two weeks late on my period it comes  of every month could i be pregnant. i am almost two weeks late on my period it comes the  of the month every month but last month i started - then stopped and lightly bleed -. and i havent started this month i am trying to conceive. took two pregnancy home test and came back negative. should i take another one in a couple days or call the doctor .
my mother is in extreme pain for a detached rotator cuff but suffers from heart problems and taking medication?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of monoject prefill advanced (pf)?
circumsize vs. uncircumsize. hi i'm  weeks pregnant and for the life of me can't decided if i want to circumcise my son or not? google isn't really helping me with answers that i want on advise with it. any suggestions? pros vs. cons. i really would appreciate if this is answer by a doctor who have see both pros. vs cons to both sides of this debate and which one they recommend. i asked the dad what he thought and he told me to decided.
pimple in ear i messed with now my lymph node in my neck below that ear is swollen and hurt what should i do
what kind of fast-food options do you think are the healthiest  for the middle of a busy day?
im pregnant but i had sex yesterday and he came in me is that bad
just had my daughter  months ago and i just found out im pregnant again is there any risk with being prengnat so close
how safe is a full body x-ray?
can they do a pap smear on a woman without damaging her hymen?
why is my face especially my nose continually dry and peels? . i am a  year old female. i have moderate acne and my face in spots is always dry. my nose peels every single day. i slather on moisturizer and exfoliate and nothing seems to be helping. there will be some days where it isn't as bad but there is always dry/dead skin on my nose and occasionally in between my eyebrows and my chin. in the middle of the day my face will be oily. i can't seem to figure out why then my nose will be dry.
i feel worn out cant sleep nauseous and cold?
ive been having feelings of blacking out and my heart will race and my chest will burn.
who is at risk for osteoporosis?
how long does benzos stay in your system for? . i have a friend who hasn't taking any benzos in over  days but she still tested positive with a urine test. would a blood test show different results?
what can i do to boost iron and vitamin d levels. i've read that vitamin d and iron levels are very important with growing hair and getting pregnant and i was wondering how do i tackle both levels at one time?
if i get a subsidy to lower the cost of my health insurance will that go directly to my insurance company?
i have had pounding headaches with hot and cold flashes. what is this and is there a way to fix it without a doctor? . i had it for about a week a few weeks ago. i thought it went away but it just came back. i recently went to a doctor for another issue and i highly regret not getting bloodwork done there but anyway i'd like to avoid going back to the doctor if i can help it. any idea what this might be? is it dangerous? what can i do to fix it?
what would happen if you needed a root canal for a tooth that has no feeling and you decided not to have it done?
i've pooped  times since i've woken up all of them diarrhea. what is happening to me? . i woke up today feeling very achey weak cold and my skin was sensitive. nearly every hour i'll start to get these intense stomach pains and have to go to the bathroom. nothing but liquid has been coming out the past few times and i think i might be starting to see a reddish tint in my poops. what is wrong with me and when should i start worrying?
can i give my dog aspirin for pain? . i think my dog may have arthritis. she is  and has started limping on and off or acting a bit stiff for the last  months. over the past  days she really seems to be in pain and she limps or favors her left foreleg. i read that olive oil has the same properties as nsaids. i also read that ibuprofen is toxic for dogs. can i give my dog aspirin and olive oil? how much? i have an appointment with the vet next week. ro
what vitamin can i use to prevent hair loss? . i lose lots of hair while i wash and brushing my hair. nothing has been changed in my diet and or in my daily regimen. . i did travel internationally for a month in july thru aug. i am  yrs of age female. i did take all the precautions (i. e. vitamins required shots and malaria pills). . please help!
can diabetes cause you to have chronic migraines
how can a person change their health insurance plan due to a life event change outside the open enrollment period?
what new treatments are on the horizon for osteoporosis?
my cousin is pregnant and has a uti. her doctor put her on an antibiotic for the rest of her pregnancy. is this safe?
sometimes my vision in my left eye goes away doctors have tried everything?
penis creme for eczema. what kind of penis creme can i use for eczema? i use tea tree oil on my hands and feet but i hear that's bad for the penis skin.
is purtier deer placenta is a real stem cell theraphy supplement? . i got into a talk that are selling supplement in malaysia which is purtier from riway which claim to heal all disease such as diabetes and even aids through consuming of the product. how true is this product and it is really able to cure all the disease?
during a routine pap smear i requested hiv and std testing. all my std tests came back negative but the  antigen part of the ag/ab combo test came back reactive while the antibody test was negative. i then had a pcr test conducted on a new blood sample and the results were negative/nonreactive. i then had another ag/ab combo test performed where the  antigen and antibody test were both negative.  months later my doctor ordered another ab/ag combo test. the results were the same as the very first test  antigen negative/antibody negative. at this point i've been told by a pathologist that the positive tests are false and that my body must produce something that looks like the  antigen to the test. on the other hand my gyno wants me to go to an infections control specialist. i am so confused and i don't know what to do. i don't know how to definitively get an answer.
since moving into my house my eyes constantly itch and each morning discharges have dried them shut. any help?
my father has hairy cell leukemia blood clots formed in belly how to stop pain and clots?
my  year old father a swollen knee bad ear pain slurred speech stumbling when walking memory loss talking to himself temporally not knowing who a person is hearing things?
can vitamin d cause yeast infections?
my eldest daughter is suffering excruciating pain need second opinion?
irregular period. i am so confused. please help. last monthmy period was early i got it after  day. this month it has already been  days and i still didnt have my period. i usually get my period after - day. i am . i never had sex but i have mastrubated could i be pregnant? i am really confused and scared. please can you help me?
they found a  cm cyst on my left kidney now grown to  cm?
are all genital warts a form of hpv?
are any of the consequences of smoking reversible?
my  yr old has had a headache for  days. nothing has worked. he lives out of state what should he do?
what are the most important things you should do to have healthy skin in your early ?
i am experiencing pregnany symptoms except vomiting spotting and tender breast. m i still pregnant? . me and my hubby had sex  days ago. the next day i started feeling fatigue nausea cramping and temperature. yet my periods hasn't come. i pregnant or should i wait for my periods?
can you have a baby with someone and the baby look like someone else?
what is influenza?
i have been through so many tests and surgery and have gotten worse?
if a person never has fluoride what will happen to their teeth?
what are the symptoms of crohn's disease?
can sinusitis lead to sleep apnea
my -month old son has no teeth. is this normal?
why does a stomach virus usually occur in the middle of the night?
i have a vaginal discharge like a yeast infection and it itches what can i do too stop it? . i have a vaginal discharge like a yaest infection and it itches what can i do too stop it while i am pregnant?
what are risk factors for kids that could lead them to have cavities?
if someone is taking lexapro & starts smoking is this an indicator that the medication is not working? . my husband takes lexapro for treatment of his anxiety. he carpools with a smoker & has started to smoke himself.
what are the late side effects from radiation therapy?
is botox safe to use for frown lines and wrinkles?
i can feel a lump on my stomach to the left of my bellybutton. its not a muscle. is it an organ ir could it be cancer
does rubbing vicks vapor rub on the bottom of your feet when you have a cold work? if so can i do this on my  yr old? . my  year old has a cold with runny/stuffy nose and cough. many mothers including my own have told me to rub vicks on the bottom of her feet and put socks on her at bed time. i've done it on mine but didn't notice a difference. i only did it a couple of nights though. . thank you . c
i was diagnosed with shingles with no oubreak. i am still in alot of pain. it's been  mos how much longer w/pain? . i have had an mri blood work and was on valtrex  days after pain started and never had an outbreak. i am on gabapentin and don't think it is helping but am taking it anyway. ice helps and is soothing. how much longer am i going to endure this pain? it's excruciating stabbing itching burning all on the left side. please help!
ive been getting heavy periods tiredness my whole body is tender migraines?
cut finger tues.  sutures. edema red pain. atb started wed. poss. dehiscence? drainage today and edges not closed. should i be concerned of dehiscence?
iam a girl. i am  years old. i live in iran. i have a pigeon breast. iam very worried and upset. what i do? . hi;. please help me. i have pigeon breast. my weight is .
my white blood cells (wbc) count is high and also noted that i have typhoid and malaria.
can i be pregnant and still have my periods coming? . had a miscarriage on  had sex by  spotted light bleeding - then it stopped by sept  i started my period till sept . i had slight cramps on both sides of my lower abdomen between - sept  but no pregnancy symptom. lately and few days after my period i now have headaches indigestion bloating i cant lay on my stomach without feeling movements and i have to turn. used home pregnancy tests all negative. can i be pregnant before i had my period?
is cabg the only solution for coronary artery disease?
i have anxiety and add. i'm taking celexa and trazadone and waiting for approval for adderall. what else can i do?
what increases the risk of getting gastroesophageal reflux disease gerd?
are there special things you should do to protect your teeth when you have braces but grind your teeth?
prostate cancer. what does a bloody semen mean?
had extreme reaction to pneumonia shot  days ago and now granddaughter has a fever - is there a connection? . i didn't realize i was having strong reaction to pneumonia shot - headache pain at site as well as redness and swelling tiredness - don't know if i had a fever but still have some redness and swelling after  days. i am weekday care giver for my granddaughters and now the  / yr old has a fever. is there a connection?
i cannot fully open my mouth. when i do i hear a clicking noise and immediatley get a severe sharp pain in my ear.
doctor thinks my appendix needs surgery should i go through the surgery?
i checked my blood pressure today and it was /. is that bad? . i've been having headaches with ringing in my ears. should i be concerned?
if left untreated can postpartum depression occur after  years? . this person i am asking about has a history of depression and anxiety issues.
anal to vaginal sex. last night my bf and i had brief vaginal intercourse in the midst of anal intercourse. i'm aware of the dangerous bacterial transfer but i'm wondering if its possible that i won't contract an infection. i don't currently have any symptoms but i am pregnant and terrified that this simple and stupid mistake is going to wreak havoc on me. advice?
i just lost  pounds. do i need new blood work to adjust my cholesterol/triglyceride medications?
where do tetanus bacteria grow in the body?
i have genital herpes and i have a swollen gland that i usually get right before an outbreak. . this time i have a large area that is tender around the gland. is this normal? i do not have any blisters yet. .
can pain caused by gallstones radiate into the jaw. pressure pain in abdomen; builds and then slowly fades; some pain in jaw. more prevalent after a meal and after physical exertion.
vaseline toxic if injested by humans or animals?
how many calories do i burn when i bike?
pain moves around abdomen and chest as well as back with episodes of dizziness?
i am on medication for heart disease now have blotches under my skin
does rocking help make it easier to fall asleep?
is sinusitis contagious?
does taking vitamin supplements help women get pregnant that have polycystic ovarian syndrome. if vitamins do help with pcos/ infertility what dosages of each vitmain is recoomanded for a women trying to get pregnant. . calcium vitamin d magnesium potassium omega  coenzyme  b vitamins vitamin a vitamin c vitamin e zinc iron selenium and cinnamon. also an other vitamin supplements that may help with pcos and infertility. im looking for a natural remedy. thanks
what are the symptoms of acne vulgaris?
what steps can i take to reduce my risk of serious drug side effects?
what is a c-spine injury and do i need surgery to correct it?
i have unexplained acute onset of tingling in both my legs nerve test shows no problem?
i dont get proper motion (bowel movement) and i am hungry dont know whats wrong?
what is the treatment for toxoplasmosis?
"can anti-biotics cause psychotic episodes in patients with dementia? . my father is  years and had some dental work started on monday july  . novocain was used to cover pain. previous to dental work given by mouth some anti-biotics. on wednesday morning like never before he had a ""psychotic episode""; high heart rate combative swearing hitting spitting etc. so called --police fire ambulance. took to emergency room by ambulance with restraints. now in hospital. possible or was it combination of novocain and anti biotics?"
can a man get a uti if his wife has a kidney infection?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of metadate cd?
my antidepressants destroyed my libido what other medication can help me?
my mother feels anxious claustrophobic lost appetite and lethargic?
i get out of puff by just sitting down had chest infection  yrs ago?
what are some tips for grilling fruit?
why am i always hungry?
problems keeping an erection. i'm an  year old male i weight  pounds and i am '. i have problems keeping an erection it will get hard but it gets soft rather quickly without stimulation like a few seconds. when it is hard it usually stays a sort of mostly hard but still soft penis. i smoke cigarettes and marijuana but not to the extent where it would cause major damage. i exercise - times a week and eat healthy although i do indulge in some junk food. could i really have erectile disfunction at my age?
if i have to go out when i have a cold will wearing a mask keep others from getting my germs?
i am in  month on mononessa. i missed a pill on day  and did not have sex until day . took  pills on day . safe? . i took my first pill on the first day of my period. i did not have sex except for on day . i took  pills the day after the missed one. i have not missed any others. what are my chances of being pregnant?
can anemia cause chills and low grade fever?
my frenulum tore so i decided to cut it off?
should i be worried if my baby weighs more than usual for his getstational age? . should i be worried if my baby weighs more than usual for his getstational age? . i am  and a half weeks pregnant and had my level  ultrasound done. i was told my son weighs  oz. is that big for his gestational age?
how to get quick relief from cold and nasal congestion?
what common medications should i avoid during my pregnancy?
<link> what is. cognimax iq. ? . . cognimax iq is generally a genuine go therapies which may manage in conjunction with facilitates appropriate totally focus in conjunction with safe-keeping. that may screened specially meant that you can dining room table this specific impact connected with aging with the brain's characteristics. these kinds of helps make decided after in order to:
touched pregnants wifes vagina with hand that had dry paint on it. help i was painting and got quite a bit on my hands. i then later that night became intimate with my wife who is  weeks pregnant. i touched her vagina with the painted hand. should i be worried about her exposure to the paint?
can you use too much chapstick? . my  year old has adhd and ocd. she feels like she has to have chapstick (she calls lip gloss) on all the time. she applies it several times a day and has fits when we don't have any. will this cause harm and if so what should i do?
i have strep throat (streptococcal pharyngitis) prescribed clindamycin now feel awful?
i have sharp pains in the stomach and upper intestine areas nausea throwing up and dizzyness should i be concerned? . it's been five hours and it's only getting worse. it started slightly about the belly button then spread to my sides and up.
my daughter had a gastroenteritis bug?
what are advantages/disadvatages in taking med marijuana. i have chronic daily headaches (chronic headache syndrome) ptsd anxiety/frequent anxiety attacks which lead to twitching and convulsions depression migraines convulsions and more. i have been taking zoloft for my depression and i have  different therapists/psychologists/psychotherapists which i all frequently see. i don't like taking mainstream medications because i don't like putting harmful chemicals in my body and i don't like the way they make me feel sometimes.
how long is the shelf life for kitchen spices?
can i safely take promethazine with codeine syrup with my antidepressant?
my last  periods have been painful and heavy and a strong odor and the  st period was  wks late. i am .
"can  month olds have cereal. hi my baby girl is  months old she is "" lone and wight about  an / she eats about - oz and about one hour or  / hours she feels hurry again so can i feed her cereal."
when to eat after insulin injection? also how much to eat after your insulin injection?
can varicocele surgery cause erectile dysfunction. i had no problem with erections until after varicocele surgery. it has been years since the surgery but i have noticed a steady decrease in getting and maintaining an erection. could the varicocele surgery have caused this? i had the varicocele surgery because of infertility. thanks for any help.
i've taken numerous prescription antacids for gerd for  years but nothing seems to work. any recommendations?
can osteoporosis be the result of another medical condition?
competitive swimmer heart slows down and feels dizzy then heart races
i have experienced permanent blurred light vision (over a year)?
can you mix prescription ibuprofen with diabetes medications?
how much does it cost to get a simple physical exam? . my fiance is trying to get a simple physical exam because he lost his id and in oreder to get it he needs one. they basically want to verify that he is who he says he is and be able to get his id. he doesnt have insurance and want to know how much will it cost to get a physical exam.
"diagnosed with strep throat on antibiotic. now small sores are appearing on my hands and feet? what is this? . i went to the er with a sore throat white tonsils & fever. i was diagnosed with strep throat and prescribed an antibiotic but strep test was never done.  hours in to taking the antibiotic i noticed very small sores beginning to appear on my hands & feet. do i have hand foot and mouth? are there other viral things that could cause this? could this be a reaction to the amoxicillin? are hfam strep throat related? also no sores in my mouth and my ""strep"" symptoms have gotten better with the antibiotic."
what can you tell me about adhd diets?
what impact does snoring have on a child?
"how harmful is smoking - cigarettes a day (less than a pack a week) compared to smoking more than  cigarettes a day? . is there such a thing as ""less harmful smoking qty"" i. e. few (-) cigarettes a day say after a meal or with a cup of coffee etc. i have been at that level of smoking for the last  years now knowing the i smoked regularly (more than  a day) for a period of  years until the age of . i am now  and generally healthy eat extra healthy diet and excercise regularly. is moderate smoking something to really worry about?"
my daughter has a ring around her iris is it a kayser-freischer ring?
my mother who is bed bound has been vomiting for  hrs. she cannot keep anything down. can i give her a saline enema? . she cannot speak and has alzheimers. she is  yrs old. has been vomiting brown liquid for past  hours with no liquid intake. would an emema give her much needed hydration?
i injured my leg in car accident pain when i get up from sitting and after standing?
if i continue to get yest infections and bacteria vaginosis infections what should i do?
cut myself on a bed spring. it is red and ichy with blisters and puss around wound. what do i do? . the wound is not painful to the touch. just extremely itchy. i don't have a fever nor do i feel sick. the wound is warm to the touch. i have been cleaning it almost  times a day with soap water and beta dine. the neosporin hasn't helped and as far as i know i am not allergic to sulfa. the blisters measure .  across and i believe it may be growing.
do you gain weight in the same places where you lose weight? . i had large breasts before i lost weight. i lost weight from all over my body as well. i lost weight proportionately so will i gain weight proportionately so i can get my old body back?
i started with fever throat pain getting worse worried my doctor not giving me right treatment
there is a product on the market to vacuum your ears to remove moisture debris and wax. is it safe to use?
can kidney issue cause premature ejaculation / ed? . been having issues w/ premature ejajculation / ed since teenage years. i was prescribed many medications including viagra levitra and cialis. i was put on paroxetine cr as well thinking that might delay the ejaculation. testosterone levels are normal. . a chinese herbalist recently told me that my left kidney isn't working properly but her only test was checking my feet which she said is cold. i just found out also that i have sickle cell trait. can it be my kidneys? can any test be done?
i had protected sex  days ago now i have terrible vaginal odor. what could be the problem? . we used a condom. nothing oral. i've started to feel sick as well but i think its because i'm stressing. we also used the condom appropriately.
can a person with type  diabetes take nyquil?
ive been sick for over a year now not being able to do basic human things?
debilitating back pain unable to do anything tests show connective tissue disease
i want larger-looking lips. should i go with a lip plumper or filler?
pain lower right abdomen feels like being torn pain when breathing what can it be?
i have a pencil size growth that has appeared at the hairline in th middle of my forehead. slightly itches and tender. it has a thin dark brown line around half of the area and a small dark brown center.
can shingles appear in the mouth or throat
what are the symptoms of whooping cough?
what causes malaria?
can you offer suggestions on following a non-dairy diet?
big toe has red burning skin around top of nail
why should i be concerned about high blood pressure?
i began to have pain in my left hip across my stomach and in my left groin?
what are the symptoms of a hernia?
i am taking lidocaine patches and would like to know what it does.
i gained  lbs during my pregnancy. can my doctor perscribe me diet pills? i feel i geninley need them. i'm  years old. i weighed  lbs when i got pregnant. the day i had my daughter i weighed . i'm  months post pardum and i havent lost any weght. been dieting an excercising like crazy too.
i had root canal in  still painful – how can i trust doctors after that?
i am on lisinopril.  mg dermatologist recently prescribed.  mg of spironolactone. is this safe?
can osteoarthritis cause deafness?
what are pregnacy chances after a tubaligation? . i had my tubes tied after i had my son  yrs ago. i am  yrs old and i believe i'm showing signs of early pregnancy.
what kinds of aerobic exercise classes are available?
i am taking hydroxyzine every eight hours. it's not helping my itching or rash. can i take more than one dose at a time?
i am full time college student want to lose some weight been having anxiety attacks. is it still okay to exercise? . when i told my parents about it my mom asked me if i am getting enough air through my ribs. i did not know. . . the best discriptions to descripe what i was feeling is that it felt like my ribs are crushing in me. . . i am way over weight and want to have a better lifestyle and start exercising. . i am wondering if it would be okay to exercise consider my past with anxiety attacks. . . my record of anxiety attacks counts as  or  from august to december
genital herpes initial outbreak in fiance and im  months pregnant. he still has sores can we have sex? . i have not been tested for it yet. he is on medication but has not completed the full perscripton yet. i am pregnant and plan to talk to my obgyn on tuesday about treating myself. can we have unprotected sex since i probably have it too?
does bad shellfish cause hepatitis
painful periods followed by abdominal pain and discharge. my periods last for  days but always first  days are painful with heavy bleeding followed by abdominal pain which lasts for  days followed by vaginal discharge(white odorless and without itching/burning) till next period. . me and my husband are monogamous never had sex with any one else and both of us are std free. i am  mother of  kids. . advise please.
what is the chance of birth defects from getting drunk in a spa at  degrees for about an hr? (at  weeks pregnant). my boyfriend and i are unhappily considering terminating our pregnancy because we got drunk in a -degree hot tub for about an hour when i was  weeks pregnant. (l found out the next week). we've seen what children and parents of children with developmental issues can go through. background: i'm  and he's . we're both pretty healthy and i'm jewish. i'm thin and always have been and i eat well and work out regularly. i'm now at  wks. have we raised our chances of birth defects? by how much?
my husband has a moderate case of sudden vertigo. what can i do  help him feel better? laying down=ok standing up isnt
what is the treatment for a rash?
who did i get pregnant by? . i had intercourse on / and the condom broke it was a mistake the whole thing. then on / my boyfriend and i had intercourse no protection and on / my period. on / went to the dr and i am currently pregnant. on / i had an ultrasound and was told that day i was  weeks and  days and my due date was //. please help me determine what person i could possibly be pregnant by?
what does blood pressure of  over  with pul  mean
does hydrogen peroxide sting?
are regular menstrual periods triggered by regular ovulation?
i have a itchy rash that comes and goes what could be causing this? . the rash appears in different areas of my body for an example a rash showed up on my wrist and stayed a while and went away. later the same day it appeared on my stomach and then on my thighs etc. its itchy while it is present. at one point my hands first turned red and then start to itch really bad to the point i had to wash my hands repeatedly. i work in the medical field so i wash my hands a million times a day. what could be causing this reaction?
small bumps all over my body turning into rashes im really scared?
can panick attacks happen only during taking a test in school? . (my daughter ( ) saying that everythime she is going to take a test at school she feels panicked and forgets all the materials that she studied (it's been going on for  years). is she having a panic attack?
since birth i dont recall having any sense of smell?
large red bump leaking puss on the back of the head. my boyfriend has a large bump/growth/bubble on the back of his head near his neck that has been there for almost  years. when it first appeared he saw a doctor who told him to ignore it if it doesn't bother him. recently it has started to hurt with pain increasing as the time goes by. it has become red and come to a head almost like a pimple and is now leaking a whitish fluid kind of like puss.
what does it mean if my herpes test results were within normal limits?
"weight loss tips for obese adult. i am  ' . i have been sticking to a  calorie diet and exercising  time/week for  mins/day for a month. i have been gaining weight on the scale and can't see any change in my body. what are the best exercises for someone that is obese? do you have any suggestions on a good website that can provide me with a meal plan that i can alter as most meal plans have food i don't eat. is there any ""diet pills"" or medication that are safe and effective? am i exercising too little?"
peripheral neuropathy. what exercises can i do to help relieve the pain
how long does it take blood to replenish in a dog that was covered in fleas
a recent testicular ultrasound showed i have restricted blood flow to both testes but no torsion. what could it be? . i have had chronic epididimitis for  years and am finally going for an epididimectomy. that was the reason for the ultrasound. my urologist is not sure about the restricted blood flow but doesn't think it is something to worry about.
what is a weight loss exercise for people with arthritis in feet/ ankles and disc herniation in neck and low back? . swimming irritates the neck and pain shoots down my arms. walking in good sneakers pains my feet and ankles which have arthritis. i can stretch but that's not enough to lose weight.
what can a pregnant woman take for a cold?
how can i supress sexual desire? . i am divorced and have a  yr old son. my ex-wife moved on and i have absolutely no dsire to ever make that mistake again. i would like to know if there is a medication that i can take that will supress sexual desire. if i need to get a prescription i will do that. i would rather not bother with sex anymore. i am too old to date and just don't see the need for it anymore. is there something that i can take to get rid of this annoyance?
i have been ill for a while and lost quite a bit of muscle and weight suggestions on getting it back and why i hurt? . so i have a thyroid disorder and i had it tested a month ago and still no answer back from anyone. i am feeling a bit better now but i can't seem to gain back the weight or the muscle. specifically on my legs and they hurt quite frequently. my legs were the strongest part before i got sick and they still are pretty strong but i've never had leg pain when i ran or carried things before. and it worries me how thin they are now along with the pain. should i be concerned? suggestions?
what causes pain in big toe joint
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of hygroton?
there is bright red blood from my anus when i have bowel movement and when urinating?
my friend says some of the antidepressant generics aren't as good as the brand versions like wellbutrin. is that true?
can cortisone cause increased blood pressure? s. i had  facet cortisone steroid injections  hrs ago. nurses at time of release didn't feel that my bp was too high at /. that is extremely high for me even for being under stress.  days later i am still running about that high. no chest pains or dizziness just not feeling 'right'. the pain i have from injection sites is minor and not unexpected per what i was told with corresponding stiffness. concerned that my bp has not started to come down though. should i be?
"why am i hearing double? . i have noticed that i have been ""hearing double"" lately. it just happened randomly a couple days ago after i woke up and it won't go away. i hear everything normal but at the same time i am also hearing a muffled version. i am really starting to get worried now since it is affecting me being able to listen to things properly. my mother said it would go away but it still hasn't. i would love any kind of answer to help me fix this so it doesn't go on much longer."
how does stress affect a pregnancy and the unborn baby?
what will happen and how long will i live if i dont get treatment for multiple myeloma blood cancer. i am a white male  years old  '. i would really like to know please. if you have any questions please ask i dont want treatment but my doctor wont answer me unless i get treatment.
shall i take calcarea carbonica to achieve weight loss?
what causes back pain on the right side just below rib cage? . i had run a low grade fever and chills for two evenings with no other symptoms then i started with a pain in my middle right side of my back it hurts real bad a while and then feels better and then hurts again.
i have hypothyroidism how should i approach pregnancy?
i'm bipolar - i'm afraid itmaybe mis-diagnosed as an aneurysm i get this pain in my head in between breaths. have had an adhd substance abuse problem via nose <negative_smiley> i'm very stressed disorganized and have mood swings when ever someone looks at me if i hear a noise of a certain tone or im spooked along with certain colors and when i get distracted with my add.
husband's acl and meniscus in right knee are tore. i need some ab exercises he can do without moving his legs please. he is in the military and will have to continue doing pt which includes sit-ups pushups and running after the surgery and recovery. he needs some exercises he can do before and after the surgery to keep his abs as well as arm strength up.
will it help to put antiperspirant under my breasts to help prevent rashes. i sweat alot under my breasts especially when its hot. i wear cotton bras but its not enough to help. so i get bad rashes from the sweating. i've heard you can use antiperspirant to help stop the sweating. is this true?
think my girlfriend is using drugs. not sure what thiugh. symptoms listed below. my girlfroend has the following symptoms; yellow in the eyes acne in random places/red bumps in areas like wrist face chest shoulders back butt and upper thighs as well as a ton of what she says are ingrown hairs on thighs and armpits constant fatigue lower back pain constantly rubbing eyebrows very slowly with eyes jumbled speech decreased appetite weight loss. swings vaginal discharge dark urine hair loss always horny.
is it breakthrough bleeding? last period started june -. had sex  or  of july. got period on july . some things i've been experiencing. feeling low on energy. having lower back pain. for a day i felt nauseous woozy tired stomach felt tight. breast felt bigger and a little heavy. but are now back to normal. also asked the same question on a different website where you can ask doctors. was told it was breakthrough bleeding and i should see a doctor. just wanted a second opinion.
does the affordable care act cover pregnancy for a surrogate mother?
will my glans burn recover? . accidentally i got a very hot water on my penis. the water hit a small area of glans and the area under it. now rubbing it either by hand or cloths has some sort of annoying feeling. i would like to know whether recovery is possible or not. if yes please tell me how.
can black pepper be used on low redidue diet?
should medical marijuana be used to treat anxiety disorder
can miralax be used the day after a prostate biopsy
how can i avoid atherosclerosis?
i want to take nyquil but can i take it if i am taking buproprion?
what is fosamax for osteoporosis?
is a cobra plan that i've been part of for  years a grandfathered plan under obamacare? . please explain the grandfathered plan concept.
short term memory issues aching head daily crying spells?
itching in hands feet & lower legs. it feels like skin & interior. antihis controls it a few hours. cause? what do i do? . i've had this severe itching for  days. (i am not diabetic. ) topical cortisone % cream helps but i would like to know how i can stop whatever is causing this itch.
my mother has fibroid gynecologist suggested removal of vagina need second opinion?
i work out and sometimes i get acne breakouts on my butt. i have to wear clothes. so how can i fix this problem?
sore throat home remedies. i went to the doctor today and she said i have a viral infection but my throat is hurting like crazy. my voice is normally very high now it is hoarse and low. it hurts to talk and to swallow. i cough not too much and it hurts a lot. i have no fever stuffed up nose headache or vomiting/nausea. is there any home remedies for this? i am taking tylenol cold and flu and a few cough drops here and there. i know she knows me best but some tips/old wives tales for a sore throat would be nice.
can the tongue become larger as we age?
"had sex with no condom during ""fertile"" days while on the pill. is it likely that i could get pregnant? . i have been on the pill for almost a year. my boyfriend and i are exclusive and are tested for stds. he ejaculated inside me with no condom on one of my ""fertile"" days. just a little nervous about getting pregnant and have another  weeks or so before my next period."
is smoking hookah once bad for you? . i know its just as bad as smoking but will once time get you cancer lung problems etc.?
after cold & cough symptoms start how long are you contagious? . no fever . mucus
i was choked now have difficulty swallowing soar throat and feel pressure?
i've been diagnosed with depression and anxiety and i have panic attacks and muscle spasms. what's going on? . i have depression and anxiety. i am on zoloft for it  before this i took lexapro. and both the meds made me see gnats the bugs but they weren't actually there. i've had many symptoms i shouldn't be having from these meds. i have a lot of panic attacks and i get muscle spasms alot mostly at night. what is going on? is there more to this than just depression and anxiety?
i have a full thickness tear in the supraspinatous tendon with  mm retraction. do i have to have surgery?
is my anti hiv test conclusive or need retest?
"took plan b day after unprotected sex due to  missed pill period hasn't come yet and was supposed to start  days ago? . i may have missed my birth control pill but i don't know if i swallowed it or if it fell down the drain. i then had unprotected sex three days later but he didn't ""finish"" and i had taken my birth control pill every day since the day i was unsure if i swallowed it. i took plan b the next morning because i was afraid and now haven't started my period as i was supposed to two days ago. i am worried but may be over reacting. could i be pregnant?"
can you become pregnant two weeks after your period
should i pop a fever blister. once you feel a fever blister developing should you pop it? whats the best way to care for a fever blister?
i believe i contracted herpes from tanning machine at gym?
i am on three ineffective meds for depression. should i go off the meds and try st. john's wort?
constant hips pain when i sit lay down ride in cars and after i run. this has been over a yr had no test dr sd deal. did run  xs a wk  a day to mntain my wght but now i run  a wk because the pain is bad after i run. when i lay dwn at night my hips constantly hurt and when i sit hurts worse when riding in car for a long period of x ie over an hr. does not hurt to touch. i can stand and touch my toes. i get some relief going to chiro. but it is temp. i went to my dr who has not done any test other than make me bend down touch my toes squats stretches. now my rt knee and rt heel hurt too.
what else causes foot rashes?
are styes contagious?
i have been diagnosed with three kidney stone?
what causes travelers' diarrhea?
i have been coughing since last two months. i am taking anti histamin tablet but it does not work?
why am i having stinky white thick vaginal discharge around the time of my period? without any burning or itching? . i am taking an oral contraceptive the generic form of seasonique. so i have a period every  months. after the first month when i would normally have my period i'm plagued with this horribly smelly thick white vaginal discharge without any burning or itching. i talked to my doctor and she said it was my birth control and i need to start taking something else. before i had this information i kept getting antiboitics and antifungals. should i keep taking them for my problem until i swap bc?
i take a shower everyday and i wash my hair everyday. i wash my face twice a day. so why can't i get clear skin?
i took my last birth control pill a day late last month and had intercourse that same day i missed. could i be pregnant. i was supposed to take my last pill on saturday the  of september but forgot and took it on sunday the . i had intercourse with my husband on saturday the . i got my period a day early on tuesday the  and it was light and short is it possible that i could get pregnant that close to my period starting? please help!
what is left ventricular hypertrophy?
whats my chances of being pregnant if i used a condom and no ejaculation. i'm very paranoid. don't judge please. i've been very paranoid and stressed over the fact that i had sex with my boyfriend for the first time. . i got my period but i'm still paranoid. my cousin is an ultrasound tech she did an ultrasound on me to check if i have kidney stones and she told me i have a  mm cyst on my left ovary. could this be a sign of pregnancy? or am i really losing it?
what is orthostatic hypotension?
what may cause blood in the stool? . more importantly what may cause a lot of bright red blood in the toilet after bowel movement and a rather large blood clot? i had to remove myself from the toilet to clean myself and found the blood clot. about the size of a small chicken liver and almost the same consistency. no more bleeding since. bleeding i've experienced before and doesn't concern me but the clot was rather scarey.
can my neck pain be causing my earache. i have pain in my neck when i move my head a certain way which causes my ear to ache
i have severe peripheral neuropathy symptoms after hiv exposure?
how is chlamydia treated?
contagious period for cold. i have been sick with a cold off and on for about  months. the last time i got sick was about week ago. i am going to visit my sister and her newborn. is it safe to do so?
how do i treat hives that are increasing in severity & not responding to otc or prescription medications? . i have a severe case of hives lasting over  days that has only to spread and worsen despite treatments of benadryl xyzal otc skin treatments & allergy medications & stomach medications such as tagament and prevacid. i have no new environmental or other factors that would have triggered my hives.
what can i do to treat epilepsy at home?
prostate cancer if you tested positive for cancer via biopsy gleason score of  shouldnt you see an oncologist? . we have a family member diagnosed with prostate cancer via biopsy. his gleason score was . he said the doctor told him not to worry and they would wait  months and test again see if it has gone up. our understanding is this is the second test and it has already gone up. is this normal? if so why bother with the early detection if they are just going to wait till it gets worse? . worried.
i have a lot of pelvic pain nausea and a smelly vaginal discharge am i pregnant?
i've been feeling someone is watching me everyone is out to hurt me. what is going on with me? . it's vague it was early morning and i was just quietly laughing to myself and i kept saying hello there to something. i don't remember this but i kept saying to a friend that everyone is out to hurt me. at one point there was something about feeling like flying. one minute feel okay and the next i will feel someone is watching me. i feel i am just there staring through it all. trouble sleeping normally get to sleep at around  or  sometimes later. i have dealt with depression and anxiety
is there evidence that chili pepper can cause hives? . i seem to get hives when ever i eat spicy food. i am trying to discover what is causing them. i've had them for  weeks.
core heat suffering. hello i read pipermartin's question about why she has this inner body heat but no fever. she posted the questions in . my elderly  year old mom has been suffering from something as you described. she has no fever but feels she is burning up inside. i wanted to find out if pipermartin ever descovered what cause her problems. the doctors don't know what is causing it. any suggestiions?
i am sunburned on various areas of my body taken benadryl with no results yet?
does prednisone keep you awake
my husband and i are trying to get pregnant but during sex i get very wet could the seman leek out? . my husband and i have been trying for a baby now for about  months. we have tried everything! we noticed my vagina gets very wet during sex. could this effect the seman from not staying in my vagina after he ejaculates?
my company said our plan is self-funded and kids can't stay on their parents insurance until age . are they right?
urgent please help friend fell on previously stress fractured shin. . the stress fracture is on her shin but she knows its not broken and not refractured because it felt different. the pain is alll the way up her lower leg and it hurts to touch it turn her leg put pressure on it or tense the muscle. there is no bruising bones protruding from the skin redness or swelling. please help!
"single white /"" seed-shape on toilet paper after painful bowel movement what is it? . i recently had a very painful bowel movement. i've struggled with constipation since birth. upon wiping there was a sesame shaped spot on my toilet paper but it was about /"" in length. i've been eating sesame stix lately could it just be a bloated seed or could it be a parasite? i crushed it between the toilet paper and it was waxy/gel-like. i've also been eating organic produce lately in which i found a tiny caterpillar on the celery. some grapes had black chunks in them i didnt eat those"
my fourth toe has been amputated is surgery possible to bring the remaining toes together?
i take bystolic and uroxatral at the same time. i accidently took a second pill of each. what can be the effects?
how does mono affect your immune system? . my son had mono a couple years ago and every now and then he gets very tired. he also seems to be more susceptible to colds and flu. for example he may come down with something and meanwhile others in the family or even in his classroom at school do not catch it - or if they do the symptoms of others seem to not last as long. i was just wondering could mono have had an effect on his immune system?
is ear stretching safe? . my mother wants me to do research on ear stretching because i wanted to start and she isn't convinced its safe. i would like a professionals perspective on what is safe and if my ears will be able to shrink back to a normal sized piercing.
all my body is swelling my feet face breast i guess it is water retention i am in panic?
can an over-the-counter product fade an unwanted tattoo?
can excessive ear wax buildup intensify tinnitis?
why does sex not feel good to me? . what is wrong with me. whenever i have sex it does not feel good but it does not hurt/feel bad. it literally feels like nothing no pleasure at all. i feel him there but no pleasure with him being inside me. of course i have tried different positions and have had different partners. nothing seems to give me pleasure.
has gallbladder removed er surgery for herniated and obstructed intestine and a gastric bypass hands now blue?
can diet control crohn's disease?
i wish to get pregnant but i am in contact with a person with cytomegalovirus (cmv) infection?
does glucosamine help hip osteoarthritis? . i have hip osteoarthritis. i want to wait to have hip surgery but i would like to use natural alternative ways of eliminating hip pain with exercise foods but not drugs. does glucosamine help with this pain of the hip osteoarthritis? please give natural ways to help hip pain and also exercises and foods to help. what is the best to buy? and what amount of it to use? has anyone used stem cell injections which are non surgical? how does that work and does it even work? who do you go to to get that?
can the bacterial vaginosis transmitted in the pool?
will i get medicine for lupus?
hi i have a  year old son that has a lump in his armpit could this be lymphoma?
does tamiflu contain guaifenesin or a similar ingredient?
are there any multi-vitamins for women w/out vitamin a? i currently have to take   iu of vitamin a palmitate per dr. my eye specialist has me on vitamin a palmitate for my retinitis pigmentosa; but i would also like to take a multi-vitamin for women. however i cannot find any out there that do not have vitamin a.
im taking lupron its been about three wks and i believe its makin my depression act up but i have no more pain wat to do
chronic nausea and vomiting only after eating what can that be? . for - months ive had chronic vomiting and nausea that only occur after eating. when i eat i start feeling nauseous after only some of bites and the nausea keeps increasing as i eat more. i dont always vomit but ive had two hyperemesis cases where i had to go to the er to get iv therapy and anti nausea medicine (most dont even work). these cases lasted for about  hours each when the nausea symptoms started to fade away. i've also done blood urine and ct tests which didnt show anything.
is it safe to drink castor oil to hurry delivery? . i just recently delivered my daughter without asking this! i know it's a stupid idea and i would never do this but a lot of people keep asking about it on fb. can you please explain the consequences of drinking this while pregnant? i want to share with the people who keep asking what a person with a medical profession background thinks! thanks!
will bactrim ds treat vaginosis? . i was diagnosed with vaginosis (bacterial vaginosis) and my doctor gave bactrim ds. will this take care of it? i havent been able to find anything online that says it will so i am questioning it.
do stress reduction techniques work?
hello. i have heard that a whole foods plant-based diet reduces cancer risk. is this true? . there is a lot of cancer risk in my family but i want to live a long life.
so my friend has herpes and she spit a sunflower seed at me and it landed on a pimple. does that mean i have the virus?
what is the treatment for shingles?
"when should i let my baby ""cry it out""?"
how many ovaries do women have. i have a girl that said her dr told her she has  ovaries is this possible? she gets pregnant all the time she's only  could this just be an excuse for as to why she's pregnant all the time?
bowel movements r fatty slimy and greasy and float. yuck sorry! blood wk for celiac disease negative. can you help
should young athletes be screened for heart conditions?
if you already have a non- employer-based health plan can you still go to the exchange? . can you see if you can get a better plan at a lower rate?
back pain side pain under ribs rightside what could it be? . i have had some problems with my stomach and now back right side.  months ago i was getting a feeling of a rock in my stomach it was a dull consistent pain. it now comes n go's less frequent. also i have had blood in my stool on and off for over a year. and would say the last  i have heavy waves of nausea! now for the last  days i have back pain on the right side under my ribcage. could these symptom be from the same thing and if so what could it be? should i get medical attention?
what can i do to treat the bags under my eyes?
is sepsis contagious?
scoliosis. does it effect the stomach and breathing.
will taking lasik pills help me pass a ua test for meth tomorrow morning
i have pain in the chest palpitations and my left hand hurts?
i am a guy and work outside in construction. i sweat a lot and sunscreen doesn't stay on well. what sunscreen can i use?
i am a  year old man and both niples hurt. it doesn't feel like surface pain it's more of a deep dull pain. . i am a  year old man and both niples hurt. it doesn't feel like surface pain it's more of a deep dull pain. . it's been hurting for over a month and sometime so bad it wakes me from my sleep.
can heat affect a pregnancy test? . i took a test yesterday morning and it did not have very visible + sign when i checked. i put in my car with windows down and came back  minutes later to check it again and it had a faint but visible + sign. does that mean i am pregnant or was it false because of the heat? should i take another test?
i had a one night stand with protection. is it likely that i have contracted an std? . i recently went through a bad breakup which caused me to have a little too much to drink this past weekend. long story short i ended up sleeping with someone i barely knew. there was protected vaginal sex and unprotected oral sex (which she engaged in on me) involved. i know for a fact that this girl had sex with someone else two months prior to me and that i had no std beforehand. i have no signs or symptoms of an std. how likely is it that i contracted an std from this encounter?
what causes type  diabetes?
"i had a cbc yesterday. i'm  f. not feeling well for the past  months. my hemoglobin was:. . my hematocrit . . i would like to know if you consider this ""severe"". the dr. found a soft tissue mass in my upper middle abdomen. he's sending me to have ct scan of my abdomen with contrast. he's thinking some bleeding might be going on there. if so he has a surgeon picked out to do the surgery within a few weeks. i just want to know all the information i can so i can get to feeling better down the road! . many thanks/debbie feighner/fort wayne in"
i had  negative pregnancy tests and then  positive?
"after sitting for  minutes and then standing up my hearing goes in and out in rythum with my heartbeat then goes away. this happens regularly after sitting i am  '""  muscular build."
ive had trouble climbing my  step stairs at home doctor checkups ok?
what are the treatments for obsessive compulsive disorder (ocd)?
i have had sharp pains (uroligist pined it to epididymitis) on both sides of the testicles. at times it feels like someone tugging take the tubes. that's the best i can describe it. i have had ultrasounds of the testicles and lower abdomen and ct scan nothing shows. there is also pain at ime in the penis itself feels like something lodged. i just had a cystopy hurt like hell but nothing showed either. i'm at my wits end and feel people are starting to think i'm making it up. the pain so intense that it almost knocks me down. please help if you had this i'm stuck as the urologist
how is hypothyroidism diagnosed?
if guy ejaculates on toilet and doesnt flush and min later girl pees water splashes on her vulva can she get pregnant? . a family member tends to never flush and i think he masturbates there. a couple of days ago i rushed to the restroom without checking if it was flushed and water splashed on my vulva. is there a chance of pregnancy? i don't know how long after i used the restroom but the toilet tab was opened so i am guessing the water was cold and there was air around. i am very worried since it was in my fertile days and i am not down for incest.
why do i have a flutter in my heart area. high blood pressure. taking medicine. also thyroid and goiter problems.
can a male get genital herpes from performing oral sex on uninfected female?
whats it mean when you have an inguinal hernia and your penis and balls have now moved over considerably to the right?
can my girlfriend get pregnant if a dot of sperm landed right by the vagina. so me and my girlfriend were having sex. when i was about to ejaculate i pulled away and a dot of sperm landed right by her vagina. what are the chances if any of her being pregnant? she immediately got up and wiped it off with a hand wipe. none landed on or inside the vagine.
is a  a fail for a drug test. i took a test friday //. today i received a call from the clinic telling me i failed my drug test. positive for thc and the doctor said something about . i'm not sue if he was talking about % fail or /ml found in urine. he said the results were low but i still need help. please help.
i had a  spotting before menstruation regularly and still not getting pregnant. what would be the problem?
what pain relievers can i take for joint pain before surgery? . please include herbal supplements. i presently take diclofenac and tumeric - both are blood thinners. i have to be off them both for  prior to a colonoscopy.
what is reassurance related to dementia?
can poison ivy rash return same place after  months? . rash returned same places on arms after  months since had first rash. . haven't been any where near any plants no pets to come in contact with poison ivy. any one ever hear of this happening?
metal splinter in eye. must i go to er now or can i wait until morning to see my doctor to be removed
ive had excessive burps for  days?
twice in the last  yrs my thyroid medication totally quit working. why would this happen? my depression is unbearable.
can epilepsy or a long seizure cause long term memory loss? . teenage girl experienced seizure for at least  minutes before getting to er. prior events and people in her life she struggles at best to remember? seems to be okay short term memory. she has generalized epilepsy.
help i was wondering why does it hurt when i masturbate? well the last time when i masturbated was yesterday and i was. in pain for about - hours and idk what i did wrong like i used lubricant and like when i pushed the fake diamond in um my vagina it started to hurt a little but i just ignored the pain but when i tried to put the diamond in again it started to burn and string and hurt a lot but like im a very creative person and it felt good though but i been in pain sense today and yesterday and like im scared that something is wrong down there or like something bad happened that caused the pain. help me plz
from the mri kindly explain the severity of my low back pain.
how should i treat a bee sting?
can sheep's milk yogurt cause acid reflux?
can scabies cause heart problems? . could scabies also cause lung problems
i have a mole/wart on my right hand palm is it dangerous?
much higher blood pressure when restingis it unusual?
are vaginal yeast infections contagious?
how can i get rid of those red scars which then make a pit on my face? . i already have some pits on my face which were once red scars i'm  and have been suffering from whitehead acne for  yrs. the acnes are rare now and i'm using % salisylic acid on my face every day. but the main problem are the scars any peeling cream? . by the way is using azithromycine  useful to get rid of future acne and how should i use it?
does a migraine always include pain or can you just have light sensitivity?
do i require surgery?
i have been diagnosed with a  cm and a  cm colon polyps can these be removed with a scope? . i have called my gastro doctor  times to make sure i heard him correctly during the visit where i was told about these  polyps. he said they are pretty high up and yes they are  cm and  cm and  cm not millimeters. i am going in this coming wednesday to have them removed. he is saying they can be removed with a scope. if my math serves me correctly that is  inches. i cannot find anything on the internet about polyps this size. any information is truly appreciated.
what are the maximum out-of-pocket limits associated with the new aca?
can fluoxetine cause disturbed sleep?
had i-pill after unprotected sex but did not get periods on time. why?
is my ankle broken/fractured? after twisting right foot inward on ice. yesterday i twisted my ankle inward on ice {i had non slip tennis shoes on) immediately i heard a pop and felt a tearing; swelling occurred. i couldn't put weight on it even tip-toe walking. i used ice and kept it elevated and stayed off it. today it doubled in swelling and can't move it ; however can wiggle toes but in extremely more pain. i have searched sprang vs. broken and can't tell if i should be concerned and see a dr. or treat as sprang? please help! .
i am suffering from poly cystic ovarian disease?
at night i sleep on my sides. when i lay on my right side for very long my outer ear will fall asleep. what can i do. my right ear is worse at falling asleep than my left. it happens on the outside of my ear about the middle of the c shape. it is just like how your arm feels if you lay on it and it falls asleep. i get the pain and tingling that is associated with it. i hope someone can give me a reason and fix for it. i've even thought about making some kind of thing to place behind my ear so it won't bend therefore not cut off the circulation. just can't think of anything that will allow me to sleep.
what can i do about swelling in my back and the back of my neck during a fibromyalgia flare?
spotting on day two of my period could i be pregnant. i have had my loop taken out // and have had unprotected sex a few times after that hoping to fall pregnant my period was meant to start // it now day two on my period and i have only been spotting which is very un usual. could i be pregnant.
can advance prostate cancer treatments (hormonal injections for testosterone deprivation) cause hair loss?
neck pain left arm pain hot flashes that make me sick to my stomach what's wrong with me i'm scared. when i get sick to my stomach i either have diarrhea or i vomit i also feel as if i am going to pass out my heart rate accelerates and this has been going on for over a week and i don't have the money to go see a doctor but i am so scared to go to sleep at night i'm afraid i might not wake up.
after hard phys exercise sometimes get bad tunnel vision and a big ball of light right where i try to focus my eyes. why? . i've got a heart murmour and my mum dad and all  grand parents had diabetes. not a good start! drama is that after particularly cheeky physical exercise i sometimes get really bad tunnel vision and what seems like a big ball of light right where i'm trying to focus feel dizzy and like i've got pins and needles in both hands. lasts for about  hours then goes back to normal. asked the med centre on camp and they have no idea.
how can i affored to get my tubes untied
i am  years old and i have been trying to get pregnant for about  year now and so far no luck. any tricks? . i have not been on any contraceptives for  years now and am generally healthy and normal weight for my height. i had a child  years ago but can't seem to get pregnant now.
i had a shortened period and some early signs of pregnancy could i b pregnant? how soon can i test?
"ear infection. im an adult. got a cold  weeks ago thought i was getting better but then sinus trouble began. was in urgent care  days ago sinus infection confirmed put on  mg amoxicillin. i didn't tolerate that dose without bad diarrhea- so i cut the dose in half.  days (yesterday) after starting it i woke up with  ear plugged solid today very painful. nurse at work confirmed that my ear was ""red and bulging"". i have about  % hearing ability between both ears and am miserable. what to do now?"
how effective is prescription tretinoin.  on fine wrinkles and patches of rough skin? how long does it take?
is there a medication for high blood pressure that is not sun-sensitive?
what exactly is leukopenia? . i take imuran for crohns i saw in my chart from doctor as being something i might have? how do i know?
i am over weight and have been since the birth of my first daughter. i took phentermine before i found out i was pregnant with my second child. i want to continue taking it after this pregnancy but i decided to breast feed. can i take phentermine while breastfeeding? will it get into my breastmilk?
"i am not overweight at all but i still want to lose about  pounds. i eat healthy and exercise often. what can i do? . i am young and only '"". after coming to college i gained some weight and i would like to lose about  pounds. i do a vigorous exercise - times a week and i eat pretty healthy. how awful would it be if i took weight loss supplements and what else can i do to lose the weight?"
do people with schizophrenia only hear voices while in there home or do they hear them everywhere they go. my nosey neighbors are trying to make me believe i am schizophrenic. that when i hear them speak they are not what i hear and in stead that they are voices in my head. . but i dont hear them when i am not at home! i know what i hear but its odd that few others hear it. do people with this sickness hear the voices they hear outside of there home where they generally hear them. like when at the store or the mall? because i dont have that. only when home. normal or schitzo?
i was diagnosed with strep throat and given penicillin for  days. it came back and now on zpac and it's not working. it came back a few days after antibiotic was done. i don't think zpac is the right antibiotic. what is the most effective antibiotic for a strep throat? .
does sleep while wearing socks & covering head is ok? . i've heard that it harms the brain & memory? is it true?
i spotted for  days but then stopped and i am now  days late. took a test and it was - can i be pregnant? . / very little and on / i spotted again more like a thicker gush but it was light reddish then it completely stopped. i am not sure if that was my period. according to my ipad where i control my monthly cycles its showing i am  days late. i have pcos but i have been pretty regular with my periods over last  months. can i be pregnant?
blackheads have been a problem for many years of my life. what should i look for in a doctor to treat this problem? . i've had black and whitehead problems all my life and i am  years old. i'm ready to find a dermatologist that can help me with this issue but don't know what to look for while researching. what questions should i ask and how do i know they are reputable?
what increases the chance of having postpartum depression?
extreme back pain when trying to sleep please help. during the day time i have the usual aches and pains as any other overweight  year old woman may have. i tolerate most of it with little or no assistance ( i do take aleeve at times). but lately at night i am having severe back pain. it is in the middle and comes in waves. i bought some ibuprophen pm to take. last night might have been a little better but i took it tonight and layed down  minutes later extreme back pain. why? please help.
my -year-old son is taking an increased dose of concerta for adhd and has blurred vision in school. is this serious?
my daughter has viral bronchitis for  days now calpol does not take away the pain?
i'm not getting exercise now. would a wii console and the wii fit game help me work toward my fitness goals?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of glucosamine?
after being sick i feel like i have hair stuck in my throat and i have a tiny knot under my chin. what could this be? . ii was sick  weeks ago with cold/sinus issues but it cleared up. i feel like i constantly have to clear my throat and brush my teeth. nothing makes the feeling in the back of my throat go away.
can rupturing a cyst under the skin cause cancer
i have been suffering from severe fatigue for most of my life and had my first hypoglycaemia episode when i was about  years old. i have visited many doctors over the years and had many tests done which all came back normal. however i recently decided to measure my own blood sugars at home. i ate a high carb meal with a sugary energy drink. my sugar level was .  before the meal .  directly after the meal and .  one hour after the meal. i can not find any explanation of the rapid change other than gastric dumping syndrome which does not apply to me as i have never had stomach surgery. throughout my life i have alsp experienced severe hormonal swings and wondering if this has something to do with it. i was diagnosed with pcos at one point then a few months later told i didn't have it as my bloods were now normal. can anyone help?
is morning phlegm with blood related to allergy?
could you provide a few links to the major studies showing excessive saturated fat is unhealthy? . this website and the american heart association continue to recommend a diet low in saturated fat. but the current buzz on the internet is that there is really little evidence for that position. in fact france eats a diet high in saturated fat yet has a low rate of deaths from heart disease (<link> <link> ). can i see links to the original studies showing sf is harmful?
most of the time my lips remain dry and scaly. what are the causes and solution to this problem?
eye stye i am using warm compresses and a green tea bag for  day it seems to be getting better
my right hand and foot have been numb i cant move and its painful?
how is hepatitis diagnosed?
i have a hard lump in my left nostril on the wall between nostrils. should i be concerned? . it's not painful
i have no fever but my skin feels hot. what does that mean? . this usally happens mid day and what happens is the core of my body gets hot. my skin is hot to the touch and i feel as though the sun is shining from the inside of my body outwards. it is very frusterating because no matter if i turn the ac on or run ice over my skin in a few minutes the same inner hot feeling comes back.
can high blood pressure cause eye twitch. my  year old father has recently experienced continual left eye twitching. his bp has been around / recently which is slightly elevated. he also experiences chronic dry eye. no other facial muscles are twitching just the left eye. this twitch has been continuous for about a week maybe  -  days. any thoughts? . thank you . terry young. @aol. com
reocurring foot swelling redness and itching? . last month i noticed that my ankle was swollen red and very itchy. after a few days it went away but my skin started to peal away. now this month its on top of my foot with the same symptoms. it burns when i scratch and seems to spread. i haven't experienced these symptoms anywhere else but my feet and ankles. i'm also noticing tingling in the area as well. any help would be great. thanks so much!
i am taking diclofenac for a sprained ligament. can i use nabutone for the same pain?
are sun-tanning pills safe and do they work?
should i call the health insurance company directly to get help with enrolling and answers? . if i do not have any income can i get insurance through this new reform?
i have high potassium and dr recently d/c hctz and lisinopril but left me on spironolactone. is this right? . type  diabetic  years heart stent stage  kidney disease.  yrs old female
how do you get pregnant? . especially when it's difficult to ovulate
isn't arthritis an old person's disease not a disease in children?
i got a blood clot last year in my lung i am wheezing and sweating and tired here lately should i be concerned? . last feb. i got pneoumia (spelling? ) and was in hospital then released and went back to find out i then had a blood clot in my lung. i recently had the flu and got better than a cold since the cold i have been needing my inhaler at least - times a day and before i only needed it if i did a lot of exercise. my sweating is back at night i wake up coughing and need to use my inhaler as well. i use to smoke and occasionaly still do. is it just bronchitis or i know i am high risk for clot?
for the last year i have been facing the problem with a black line on the left side of the nose. how can i remove this?
precum intercourse for  mins max. just after period got over took levonorgestrel within . can i get pregnant
what are the five most necessary kitchen tools?
are brand-name drugs superior in quality to their generic equivalents?
is geritol complete ok to take under the age of ? i heard you can get pregnant while taking it. is that true?
i go into periods of not talking to partner or children for a few days totally disengaging myself?
what causes hair loss?
how bad is it to just stop taking steroids? what will it do? . she stopped taking them today. she was throwing up & really bad headaches. can't sleep & just constantly sick to her stomach.
can bad blood circulation cause small penis girth (for an adult)? . to be more specific: i am  years old quite overweight/obese and am slightly below avg in girth. since being overweight/obese can cause a myriad of health issues regarding bad blood flow/circulation could this cause a lack of blood in the penis leading to a smaller girth? would losing weight and improving blood flow increase girth? would the gains be noticeable?
 male nosebleed after sex never had a nose bleed in my life under no medication
what is the difference between first- second- and third-degree burns?
"hi dr. i feel a pulling sensation on my vulva/vagina. my gyn is not concerned but i am. i feel a pulling sensation on my vagina. this sensation comes and goes. i spoke to my ob/gyn who is unable to tell me what is wrong but my insurance will not cover a visit over anything yearly. i am  years old with regular periods every  to  days apart lasting - days. i am in a monogamous heterosexual relationship which began over  years ago. we have regular vaginal intercourse without condoms because we are both ""fixed"" ; me with a tubiligation and him with a vasectomy."
should i go to the doctor or get an antibiotic for a cold?
heavy periodits embarrasing
i am not getting my periods after taking fenugreek seeds. why?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of cymbalta?
several months ago my lower left leg (shin area) began to hurt?
can u get pregnant wild your. onyour period. can u get pregnant wild. u on your period
how many days a week should i exercise?
what is a pacemaker?
my dad had a problem with breathing and he has a cold skin he's  yearsold. what should we do? (sorry for my bad english)
is hair loss normal?
i am  weeks and  day pregnant and i have little amounts of brown spotting and mild cramping. what can this be? . i'm wondering if this is implantation bleeding. i also have a history of ovarian cysts and i think maybe that's another reason why it's happening. i need to know weather or not it's normal so i know weather or not to go to the hospital. this is also my first pregnancy.
i cant produce sperm is it normal after prostate surgery?
can chlamydia come back after being treated for it? . i was treated for chlamydia all the symptoms went away. i didn't have sex for  months. i recently had sex just once and  days later i got a pain in my stomach my vagina was really itchy and it feels like i have a uti. could it just be a uti or can the chlamydia come back?
is my anti hiv test conclusive or need retest?
can shingles occur in the scalp
is exercise important in treating psoriatic arthritis?
can my left leg limping cause my right hip pain? . i had left knee replacement two years ago but it has been a total mess and i constantly limp and now i have severe pain in my right hip - can my limping cause thisl
what is alkaline phosphatase?
xolair shots help my friend's daughter but insurance won't cover it and they can't afford it. are there other options?
is giving your dog ice or ice water on a hot day likely to cause it to die from bloating and spasms?
why are you a fan of chemical instead of laser peels?
i have blood pressure issues family has a history of stroke and heart disease?
if i tell the pharmacist all the medications im taking and it is listed in their system who does that get shared with?
what are the types of echocardiograms?
i would like a second opinion on my mri of my shoulder how would i go about doing this? . i'm a  yo old female with pain in my left shoulder sometimes severe enough to bring me to tears. i also have limited mobility and can't lift my arm above my head & there is a bulge on the outside of my upper arm between my shoulder and my elbow that hurts if i press on it & my left arm is very weak. my results that said i have osteoarthritis and tendinosis of the supraspinatus tendon without a tear. i have a copy of my mri on disk how do i get a second opinion? dawn
how long does  puffs of marijuana last in system for one time smoker. the day that i had smoked  puffs was on july . then the day that i got offered a good job was august  that same day i had to go take a drug test (urine drug test). iam a thin male weighting only  pound and i have a fast metabolism i don't gain any weight. i have played allot of soccer from july to august  so i do exercise
what can i do to treat cataracts at home?
how is atopic dermatitis diagnosed?
currently in india. have eczema and have developed a heat boil exactly on top of the affected spot. what should i do? . have been having eczema since birth. was prescribed elocon bymy dermatologist to use as when needed. the eczema wasn't that bad when i left us. has aggravated a lot since i landedhere in india. have also been developing heatboils everycouple of weeks. when i lastvisited a hospital here they prescribed me a strongpain relieving ointment called iodex which is like bengay in us and aspirin. but now because the boil is over the spot of eczema i cannot apply the ointment. please advice me on what to do!
how can i relieve osteoarthritis pain?
would afib affect insurance coverage or obamacare? . i have been diagnosed with lone afib. i only take meds for it when i have an afib event pill in the pocket. my last event was in feb. .
if my husband and i had sex two days before ovulation can i still get pregnant
i suffer from fatigue and body pain for  years is it stds or cancer?
what does ph balance mean?
 days after  days of flagyl cipro treatment i am now suffering off and on loose stools for  days. when will it go away. i was given this medication for a possible bacterial diarreha. had terrible side effects throughout the first  days (they all started once i was done with the drug). now it has been  days i am done with treatment and i am having off and on lose stools. no more explosive diarreha and not more than twice a day. . what is the best way to improve this besides taking probiotics and when should i start having normal bowel movements?
help please. i've been off birth control for about  month in a half and i was on my period for that month but it was light. me and my husband havent been so careful and a day or two after we had sex my period went away. could i be pregnant?
what kind of exercise should i do for heel spurs?
i have sciatic pain. tingling r thigh & leg when i stand and numbness of  toe all the time. should i see an md? . i have dx of spinal stenosis.
"urgent: i'm having a sharp coming and going pain in my breast in the same spot should i be worried? . for the past month or so i've been having pain in my right breast around the nipple. it's in one spot and it comes and goes but it hurts (sharp pain) like it makes me say ""ouch"" and hiss in pain a little. thing is i'm only  so i assume it can't be that bad and i'm scared to go to the doc about it just in case it's nothing. i don't know what to do or what to say to my parents for help. what should i do?"
i have a first time sex experience  aged boy using a condom but i just ejaculated even bofore inserting into her why? . i real felt bad her vagina seem to be small because i tried inserting into her but couldnt! untill i ejaculated and that was the end of the story. i waited for sometime for my penis to get strong again but the same thing happened. can a condom be the problem? what should i do to make me enjoy sex and let her enjoy as well?
i am doing a research paper comparing and contrasting exercise and fad diets. i cant find benefits and disadvantges. there are all types of information on both subjects but i cannot seem to find the right information for my compare and contrast topic of two methods of losing weight. i chose exercise and fad dies as the two topics to discuss. i have plenty of information on exercise but having a hard time with the fad diet issue. i was hoping for some added articles to point me in the right direction.
will i get pregnant? does making period comes faster helps to prevent a pregnancy from occuring? . my menstrual cycle is around - days as calculated. my bf ejaculated at the opening of my vagina during day  of my menstrual cycle. is there anything i can do to prevent the sperm from meeting the egg and makes my menstruation comes faster? (other than the pills)
what are some tips for home care of eczema around the eyes? . i have a very small red bumpy rash under my eye near the outside corner and a rash that looks similar above the same eye near the inside corner. what are some at home treatments i can try to clear this up before going to the doctor? i suspect it is eczema but this has not been confirmed by a medical professional.
what types of exercise are best for maintaining a healthy heart?
i am take synthroid.  mcgm every day my dr prescribed phentermine .  when should i take each so for best benefit? . i am not sure when to take my synthroid and when to take the phentermine so that they don't effect one another.
is my myocardial block the direct reason for my syncope symptoms or is it likely there may be something else going on?
what if i'm pregnant when i travel?
i broke out in a rash only on my face. what could it be? . i did not change any products that i use on my face. same make-up face wash and lotion. i do have dry sensitive skin. i also have acne with regular breakouts but nothing like this rash before. its not that bright little bumps all over and itchy. i am 
i've been on medication since  for my multiple sclerosis. this year in april i fell into the doughnut hole. . my medicine cost went up extraordinarily high from $.  last year to $ in january $ in april and each month it was starting to go go higher. it came to the point i was no longer going to be able to afford my medication so i called around and found some help with my medicine through the chronic disease fund. why after all of these years is this happening to me?
what causes bleeding in the first trimester of pregnancy?
hi i am on  th day of my cycle having sore nipple and can't able to sleep on my belly. frequent urination. pregnant? . i can't able to sleep on my belly and nipple being very sensitive. is there any chance that i might be pregnant?
i'm dieting to lose weight and my hair is falling out. could my diet be causing my hair loss?
is there a safe dosage of benadryl i can give my -month-old baby who is battling a very congested nose?
do i have lupus or some chronic viral infection?
there is a small hard bump in my anus near prostate and isnt painful. what is it? . i am  years old and my family has no known history of colon or prostate cancer. it is near my prostate but not on it and it feels a bit rough and hard. it is smaller than my nail and it isnt painful no stool discoloration no blood nothing. what could it be? i am nervous and slightly afraid.
could psoriatic arthritis be a more systemic problem leading to multiple seemingly separate problems to include pacs prostate/urologic and multiple areas of tendonitis without strain or injury?
how do i find a broker who handles individual health insurance coverage? . would a health navigator provide the same function? i am currently on a direct pay plan for individual coverage and need to find a new plan for january. i'm confused by all the options and networks (none of which have all of my doctors).
i have back problems shoulder neck back pain – mri shows numerous issues?
will my skin become dry after daily showers as a result from subway commutes and gym sessions every single day? . i know that not taking a daily shower is actually in fact good for your skin and hair because it maintains our body's natural oils and moisture that taking showers strip away. however as a student that takes the subway (where bacteria roam) and goes to the gym daily (sweat) showering every day is kind of a no brainer. is there any way i can maintain well hydrated skin while taking a shower everyday?
eczema on penis. i have really sensitive skin and issues with eczema all the time. worst part is i get the eczema rash on my penis. i use hydrocortisone for the itching but it really dries out my skin. what can i use safely down there to moisturize?
are there any specific diets for acid reflux?
should i be worried if someone elses saliva gets in my eye. i am a child care provider and a child poked me in the eye with slober on his finger
is genital herpes spread through bodily fluids or just skin-to-skin contact?
how do i start a conversation with a loved one's dr about simptoms of alzheimer? . how can we get around hippa to get help for our loved ones if they need it?
i've been out of work due to illness since march  . . i exhausted the temporary state disability within the first few months. i now have had no income for the past year. my family has paid for my medical insurance which is a private plan. do i go straight to medicaid to enroll? i am a -year-old single female with no children.
should low testosterone be treated even if there are no symptoms? . what is the risk of a borderline low level? what if is not treated?
why is r side of face numb & drooping after strep. strep was severe teeth ears neck glands all of head ached
my psa and free psa have been rising but not consistently?
i have a quarter size totally bald circle on the back of my head. what is causing this?
hit toe next to big. taped swollen painful won't bend leans/rubs big toe after  month. what is it? can it heal? . i hit it on the tub. both toes next to big toe were swollen. now it's only the one next to big toe that is swollen painful unable to bend and leans in opposite direction rubbing big toe after being buddy taped for a month. i have rheumatoid arthritis and osteoporosis. should i be concerned? can it be corrected and healed properly? what should i do?
how do i care for my dental bridge?
period on july  and sex on july  than light spotty period the following week for  but spotted again the  da. well also the doc said i have a corpus leteum and i could be pregnant also i'm supposed to be on my period now and i'm just spotting light pink and brown i need to know.
what can i say to a friend while she is having an anxiety attack? . my friend has generalized anxiety disorder and she has panic attacks pretty often. once or twice a week typically and when it's the worst daily. they get bad and it's pretty scary. i was wondering what i can do/say to her that will stop the anxiety attack or make it less bad so she doesn't have to leave class. she has a fear of throwing up that's often what causes the panic attacks even when she just has a stomachache she freaks out. she is on treatment but it can only help so much.
can taking a  mg calcium supplement with breakfast and dinner decrease iron absorption? . i have ra and take methotrexate. my bi-monthly cbc shows each time that i am slightly more anemic. could the calcium supplement be part of the problem?
how to daily chart salt intake. i need to reduce the amount of salt in my diet yet i know the body needs some amount to maintain health. i'm looking for a chart i can plot what i eat to determine how much salt i'm ingesting. . i'm  years old in excellent health except for this darn bp problem. i'm been a ballet student for  years currently dancing  days a week for  / hours in an advance ballet class. i see my health professionals regularly and always great dental checkups. thanks for helping me with my need
i cant eat i cant sleep - im on a break (on his decision) from the love of my life - we live together & have been together just over a year. he has other things going on that are really stressing him atm. he has asked for space and is staying at a friends in teh short term till he has decided what to do about us in the long term. this is the most pain that i have ever been in - food has gone out the window. sleep and work i am managing to keep up because i have to. how do i get through this - i need him to say restart i need him to.
my birth control has made me depressed. how do i reverse that if at all without discontinuing use? . i've recently started the depo shot and the majority of results are very pleasing. except i've recently noticed a change in my moods and noticed that one of the side effects can be depression. i suspect this is what is causing my poor moods and lack of motivation. i also have nearly no sex drive. how do i get rid of my depression without changing my birth control again?
natural cures for depression? . hi all! . are there any natural/holistic remedies for treating the blues? i am looking for a job and staying as busy as i can with factoring in time for activities i enjoy - reading exercise etc. i googled my request but there was so much information that i decided to ask on webmd. so here i am:. what would be some of natural/holistic cures for depression?
should i be concerned with green stool. i do get pretty bad cramps in colon and intestin before going and it seems like it happens too soon after i eat and its been present for some time
why is my armpit sore? i stopped taking my birth control pills. after  years of being on ortho tricyclen lo i've decided to get off the pill. i'm  years old. hispanic. i want to know if i have that option of getting pregnant. i stopped taking them sept. . since then i've had one period normal. but i was getting a sharp pain on my right breast which has stopped. i noticed that my armpit has been kind of sore. i thought maybe i pulled something but it hasn't gone away. any ideas?
what happens when you try and fast for a long period of time?
is the eggs are the sign of having swine flu. what should we do. we should stop eating eggs or we can eat that. swine flu
is darvocet issued    still potent. i have darvocet given to me in . wanted to know if i can still take it for pain.
can someone damage a small childs throat in any way by sticking a tongue depresser in too far? . she gagged until she vomited and now does not want to eat or drink and now sounds croopy.
who should receive antiviral therapy for hepatitis c virus?
i'm in florida. where do i begin my search for health insurance coverage?
i spilled ramen noodles down my lower leg and foot should i see a doctor? . five days ago i spilled ramen down my leg and foot. it was super red and painful to start with then not to bad of pain and now it's really bad-  days later! only little blisters and oozing but really angry red and blotchy. not terribly painful to the touch in spots but others are terrible. i hate the doctor but should i go?
are cigarettes without added chemicals the healthiest choice? .  yr old male with schizophrenia who will likely not quit smoking has had laryngitis  months. encouraging him to see dr as my father developed polyps that were removed & quit smoking about that age. american spirit cigarettes contain only tabacco w/no added chemicals which i believe does have nicotine. is this the better alternative?
is nitroglyerin used during a exercise stress test?
what am i supposed to do? my health insurance company sent a letter that my insurance is being canceled dec. . i applied through the ny exchange and it won't let me go any further because they told me i will now qualify for medicaid which i did not before. now i have to wait for a letter from the state before i can complete the application. i am  and a half and only need the insurance for four months! i already changed my primary doctor's appointment to dec. . it's making me sick!
diagnosed with gestational diabetes. my post prandial blood sugar is often  not . is that ok? . diagnosed with gestational diabetes. my post prandial blood sugar is often  not . is that ok?
my pregnancy tests are negative but my belly is getting bigger?
is a blood pressure of / and a headache something i should be concerned with?
i have a bulged disc in my back. lumbar region  and  i dont know what to do anymore?
what are the systems of the flu is ear ache one?
im really scared something is wrong with my kidneys?
will the affordable care act require an insurance company to cover a dependent's pregnancy?
how soon after eating something sweet does it affect your blood sugar level?
normal period. two weeks later bad stomach cramps discharge tender breasts and started bleeding (never happened before). this has never happened before. i normally get my period around the same time. and have never (im  years old) gotten two periods in one month (or after only two weeks after the first one). just started feeling tender breasts and discharge and then started bleeding. could i be pregnant?
i'm a  year old girl who has not begun her period. would it be safe to begin sexual interaction with my boyfriend? . i'm a thirteen year old girl who has not begun her period. would it be safe to begin sexual interaction with my boyfriend? we both have permission from our parents are prepared to prevent pregnancy by the use of condoms and have been together for two years. at times we have become wet for each other if that helps any. i want to know if it is safe to have him finger my clit and hit my g-spot. what are the dangers?
"what can i expect after stopping lexapro and adderall for bipolar cold turkey after  yrs. i have taken many different perscription cocktails over the years for bipolar but adderall and lexapro are my current meds. i do not have insurance and am a single mom with two children. i cant afford the medicines and could not have them refilled so i have been off everything for  weeks. i have been experiencing some slight mood swings but nothing serious. i have tried to ""talk myself through them"" and have made it thus far. just trying to be aware and cautious. . thanks for your help."
"i'm sure i have strep throat i'm allergic to penicillins and i think i'm getting better. do i really need meds? . on tuesday afternoon i had a tickle in my throat. w/in  hours i had a severe sore throat a fever no energy and swollen nodes the next day. i had white patches on my tonsils but today there is only  tiny one left. i haven't had a fever for a day and half i have more energy and feel a little better. do i really need antibiotics (i'm allergic to penicillin anyway) if it seems like i'm fighting it off? i know there can be complications but they're rare and i don't think i'm an ""at risk"" person."
what are some soaps that can treat scabies i've tried creams but they don't seem to work! . i heard manuka soap works.
can you have babies if a dog hair touches you
i have night sweating headache hot and cold flushes i dont want to keep taking tablets as i am pregnant?
can wellbrutin cause me to fail a drug test?
possible outcome of sperm donated by someone with aids. seems like a silly and repeated question but i can't seem to find the simple understandable answer. is it safe? . would i or the baby have a chance of contracting hiv from insemenation?
birth control options? . i get utis easily and have found this occurs almost every time a condom is used. i go the the bathroom after sex and shower as well but it doesn't help. i also get migraines easily and have depression. i was on the pill but it either interacted with my antidepressants or some other reason and effected my depression. i looked into the shot ring and patch but with migraines already an issue its not an option. so what are my other options that won't cause uti or effect me hormonally?
how long should you run a fever with bronchitis?
can you eat bananas with high blood pressure if the doctor says not to. my dad has high blood pressure and has been told by the doctor not to eat bananas but when reading about lowering high blood pressure it tell you to eat bananas should my dad listen to his doctor or should he eat bananas?
"my daughter  had an episode of sweating dizzyness nausea fever numbness headache weakness and fainted. also. vision came and went lethargic&zoning out. she laid over commode to vomit (didn't) and was very hot. she has a history of episodes of anorexia/belemia. she also smokes occasionally and drinks alcohol . mostly lite beer. very depressed has anxiety and panic attacks. not seeing a dr. no insurance and no drug abuse history at all. she is '"" tall and weighs #. she was at work and her boss only offered water and crackers. i am concerned as is her husband that this may have been a. heart attack."
my body temp has been at . -.  of and on for over a week. other than hypothermia what could cause this? . im  lbs over weight. i have been tired and weak almost no energy. a loss of appetite. migraines after the low temp spells. hot and cold sweats. increase in thirst. diabetes doesnt run in my family but its the only thing i could think that would cuase all these symptoms. when i have the low temp spells i bunndle up drink hot tea and it doesnt help after i eat i feel better but then - hours later if i havnt eaten i feel it all over again. should i go to doctor and be tested for diabetes?
what condition might cause body hair to fall out?
i am pregnant and wonder if stress have caused the blood vessels in my eyes to burst?
my finger was infected with chicken excrement fingernail is falling off afraid finger will too?
eczema on penis. i have really sensitive skin and issues with eczema all the time. worst part is i get the eczema rash on my penis. i use hydrocortisone for the itching but it really dries out my skin. what can i use safely down there to moisturize?
can heartburn trigger asthma?
i'm pregnant but if i wasn't i would've started my period /. i started bleeding fairly heavy on / and still am. i confirmed with tests that i am pregnant but why am i bleeding fairly heavy right around the time i would've expected my period (had i not be pregnant)? is this normal? it's not spotting. it's heavier than that.
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of copd?
i took my social security early at  (only get $ /mo. ) to take care of my -year-old mother. . i am  now and turning  in april of . i cannot afford medical insurance so i thought i would sign up for healthcare. gov for  months. i did qualify for tax credits but the deductible is so high why bother?
ate cranberry sauce from dented can and did not get sick after  days. is it safe to assume food was not contaminated? . is all food in a dented can contaminated or just food in the area of the dent if at all? husband thought can looked okay so he ate the food (cranberry sauce). i'm assuming if food was contaminated the whole can would have been and since he did not get sick after  days the food was indeed safe and not contaminated with any bacteria. just want to ensure i take all precautions and clean anything that may be contaminated such as can opener used and kitchen faucet touched to wash hands.
flesh colored birth mark now has discoloration and multiple small black moles is it cancer?
is impetigo still contagious after the start of oral antibiotics? if so for how long?
should  cc of fluid be detected around lungs on auscultation by one's general practitioner? . what period of time does it take for that amount of fluid to accumulate?
what is dementia?
what is emphysema?
can washing my hair more than once a day lead to baldness?
i have been having anxiety attacks trouble sleeping weepyness severe agitation lack of motivation to do anything. i am wondering which of these is the most urgent to get my dr to help me with. are these signs of depression or something else?
bruise that never goes away and is warm to touch what is it? . i have what looks like a bruise on my leg light purplish. however it is not a bruise it is not sore to touch and has been on my leg for several years. i recently noticed that this dark mark on my leg is significantly warm when you touch it. what could it be and should i be concerned
my left ear clogged up and developed a humming sound a few days later. right ear is slightly clogged what is wrong?
could my daily masturbatoin be contributing to my premature ejaculation?
is cow manure bad for my pregnancy. i work on a dairy farm and don't know if i should quit or not. don't want it to harm my unborn baby.
does amoxicillin alter your menstral cycle and does it interfere with my birth control pills. i went to urgent care and diagnosed was with an ear infection and really bad congestion. they prescribed amoxicillin to me but i didn't think to ask if it would interfere with my birth control. but my concern is that the day i started my antibiotic was the day my period was suppose to start. i typically don't start right on sunday more like monday night. but its now friday and i haven't started. i am suppose to start my new pill pack this coming sunday. should i be worried or is their an answer
i have brown-orange urine for a year how can i cure it?
my mother was diagnosed with multiple myeloma now cloudy eye lens is it eye cancer?
how long does it take before zoloft begins to work?
what is dementia-specific?
i got injected anesthetic for a dental filling. i was shaking and my heartrate increased. is that an allergic reaction?
pain moves around abdomen and chest as well as back with episodes of dizziness?
  excersise regularly symptompain left butt cheek feeling need use bathroom some constipation/gas after episode. medication:warm shower icy hot massaging area pain killers. episodes last - mins. . first episode  years ago with frequency of  every  months recently: i wear equipment on waist (police) tweaked back immediate pain subsided after few minutes. followed by a increase of the above episodes for  days. recent  years i would have episode once every four months which seemed to be brought on by extended physical activity or after a orgasim. . i recently learned both my parents had colon problems
what is travelers' diarrhea?
what are eczema symptoms and signs in babies children and adults?
what are the differences between the vcf (vaginal contraceptive film) and the today sponge forms of birth control?
general abdominal pains and nausea for almost  weeks. this occurs off and on all day and night. laying down makes it worse. eating or not eating does not change the pain. no vomiting regular bowel movements.
my  yr old got  tsp of benadryl will she be ok
my granddaughter has been diagnosed with coxsackie disease?
im . female. im having severe pain in my right ovary i havent had a period in . im not pregnant. help? . i've had irregular periods for about a year now.
will baby have type i diabetes if i have gestational diabetes. i have just been diagnosed with gestational diabetes. the doctor said i will need to take insulin. i am worried my baby will be born with type i diabetes. what are the risks to my baby? i am  weeks along.
my family doctor and i have concluded (yesterday) after various tests and trials of other things over the last .  years that i have fibromyalgia. the symptoms coincidentally (or not) started when menopause started for me (i'm ). i have been on hrt for one year and it has relieved the hot flashes but not the body/muscle pain and sleep problems. since all otc nsaids and arthritis type creams don't help he prescribed voltaren gel and to continue with all of the alternative therapies i'm trying: yoga walking monthly visit to chiropractor acupuncture and massage and meditation. he said to try the gel for  weeks and if that didn't work for me he'd prescribe nortriptyline for sleep/pain. do you agree with his assessment/plan? he didn't think diet had any impact do you agree? i am trying to eat a more plant based diet. any suggestions you have would be most welcome. thank you!
my blood work showed inflammation. i have crohns disease do i need steroids?
my daughters insulin level is  and the doctor recommend she takes metformmin. i'd rather change our diet and exercise.
does aptivus cure hiv or aids?
at  years old my active daughter weighs  pounds wears size / clothes and has low self esteem. what can we do?
blackheads have been a problem for many years of my life. what should i look for in a doctor to treat this problem? . i've had black and whitehead problems all my life and i am  years old. i'm ready to find a dermatologist that can help me with this issue but don't know what to look for while researching. what questions should i ask and how do i know they are reputable?
high thyroid level is surgery or nuclear medicine better?
is a blood pressure of / dangerous when i have always had a very normal blood pressure before? . i have had normal blood pressure for years but now i have excessively rapid resting pulse and bp in the / area. i have had a nuclear stress test that showed normal parameters.
how can one speed up the healing process from bruising following surgery? . following inguinal hernia surgery the swelling and discoloration following surgery have greatly limited daily routine practices. what can be done to speed up the healing process other that ice packs elevation of the groin area utilizing a pillow at night and taking ibuprofen?
can taking zinc tablets for a cold cause green stool( four day period appx. - tablets per day)
what should i know about postpartum depression?
does a person with genital herpes have to show signs of an outbreak to tranfer ar can it be transfered with no signs
is shingles contagious?
i had a tubal  years ago i am having early pregnancy symptoms could it be i am pregnant?
i have had chronic shortness of breath for about two weeks. it feels like i'm breathing in water. i have had chronic shortness of breath for about two weeks. for the first couple of months it was just coming and going now it is constant. also it feels like i'm breathing in water a lot or i have water in my chest. i am not coughing up anything or coughing at all. no new medicines not feeling sick (besides the shortness of breath) or flulike haven't been swimming. i also get chest pains in the right side of my chest. it's really bothersome just want it to go away! any ideas? thanks!
are you higher risk of life expectancy with copd if you are  lbs or over?
tired and increased anxiety. could it be just starting the pill?
i had a gallbladder removed i have a small tear leaking?
i have multiple diseases like type  diabetes high blood pressure high cholesterol arthritis fybromyalgia?
how are frequent migraines that last several days treated or prevented?
my  year old son has a fever of around  and a racing heartbeat. should i take him to the emergency room? . i have given him fever reducer but it doesn't seem to be working.
can i overdose on albuterol sulfate? . for the last  hrs or so i have had worsening asthma symptoms which resulted in a bad asthma attack this morning. i felt like i may need to go to the emergency room again. i had to take several doses of albuterol sulfate through my nebulizer for symptons to decrease. but its still pretty bad.
can a  year old female take centrum silver women?
what might trigger a migraine attack?
vitamin d level was ? my doctor prescribed   iu every other day. details are below. so my vitamin d level was  last year i did nothing about it unfortunately but i was. -always sleepy. - i would take long naps during the day. -i can't concentrate. - anxious. -knee pain once in a while it starts hurting and feeling really stiff goes away with rest. i feel bad because i'm in college and i don't have time for this i have lots of work to do. do you guys think this is because of my vitamin d levels? also what other tests should i do to determine the cause? thanks a lot.
i have a sister in il and nieces in los angeles who complain that their health insurance costs are tripling. they are all responsible hardworking people who have never had to take government subsidies and always paid their own ways. they now must choose between healthcare fines and mortgage payments. is this the healthcare reform i voted for? can insurance companies charge multiple premiums - unregulated?
i have a meningitis last  years i just want to know whats the side effect of this after treament? is there any pssible to back again my bacteria
can physiotherapy heal diastasis recti?
my hands are shaking cant write voice shivering please help me?
i have urinating every / every mins uncountless times a day is this normal? . the past few days i have been going to the restroom every / mins my mother says bladder infection or i could be pregnant? me and my fiancé have been trying to have a baby.
should i being seeing my dermatologist annually?
our fertility doctor suggests an ultrasound abdominal vessels procedure need second doctor opinion?
 yr old son testicle will no longer move down painful to touch why? . my  yr old son left testicle will not move down anymore it is up towards hip bone. hurts when he tries to move down warm compresses do not work. at age  was hit with baseball there during practice. within year later had torsion which resolved itself in e. r. saw urologist back then and said to tack testicle in place would cause more damage. we'll now it is stuck. what should i do?
why do my breast nipples stay hard and sore. hi. i'm  i have my nipples keep getting hard they are extra sensitive to touch and just really hurt excpcially when they are hard. can not lay on them while in this stage. i doubt i can be pregnant cause my tubes are tied. never experienced this when i was gonna go on my period it's going on three days now of this pain
who treats thyroid. and what test cause your general practioner to refer you to a specialist? a urine test blood etc.?
does masturbation reduce the chance of prostate cancer?
if i discontinue taking avodart for my enlarged prostate will my psa readings go back to normal?
i have a lot of age spots on my face. i want to use a foundation to cover them. what should i look for in a product?
what are some general exercise guidelines and precautions i should follow if i have type  diabetes?
ive been having terrible heart palpitations ended up in the er please help me?
"constipation. two weeks ago i took  ducolax with no results. i have taken more with no results. i have been experiencing churning burning and excruciating pain with no bowel movement. this morning thinking it was finally going to pass because the pain was so severe i passed what had an ""oatmeal"" consistency and color a very small-tiny even- amount. doctors are no help as this has been going on for quite some time. what suggestions/advice could you provide? thank you"
can brown lady bug bites cause you to get an allergy to styrofoam plastics and latex (swelling of the eyes only). it's been  months. i have had to go for shots  times when it was severe. i am learning what to avoid and i was my hands constantly.
how long does it take for fungal meningitis symptoms to occur? . i recieved an epidural injection in my neck for pain control on right side in june . i started twitching that day mild twitching occasionally until end of august. then major twitching/tremor/like conscious seizure which lasted for a week then mild occasional twitching which is still happening. when twitching eased up a little bit i noticed my right leg and right arm was weak. fine motor skills lacking and foot drop. i am dizzy often and frequent mild headaches for the past week.
there are mice everywhere in my village read it is a sign of coming disease or plague?
i have acoustic nouroma tumour should i have full surgery or partial with radiation?
i am having a medical problem that has not been solved as of yet?
my right eye started bothering me today with a burning sensation. took contact out no help. still blurry with glasses. my eye has been burning all day. i washed my eye with buffered eyewash no help. i put my glasses on after taking my contacts out and my right eye was still blurry with everything looking somewhat doubled. it began about  hours ago and my eye is still visibly irritated bloodshot watering and burns particularly when i close my eye. also every time i went outside into the sun the my eyes(both) began watering heavily and the sun felt considerably brighter than normal.
can you take two different over-the-counter cold medicines at the same time?
my  month old is getting constipated from whole milk. can i give him soy or almond milk instead? if so which one? . we have had serious constipation issues and have had him on mirilax (on doctor's recommendation and dosage) for  months. we can't even wean him down on the mirilax without the constipation returning. we believe that the whole milk is the problem and are trying to find an alternative.
diet coke pregnancy. can i drink diet coke and other diet products if i'm pregnant?
is marijuana counter-indicated for people taking bipolar medications?
is it possible for a male age  to have testicular cancer? . i have regular physicals but have noticed that one of my testis is twice the size of my other.
diagnosed with celiac and told i have the start of crohns. i was told i have celiac disease a couple years ago. i was put on a gluten free diet my symptoms were not as bad. i then was told i have the start of crohns. no treatments was established. on a gluten free diet my symptoms gradually returned. its now been a couple years and slowly my symptoms have all returned. the past two weeks have been the worse in a long time. any ideas on what i should do next?
ive had trouble climbing my  step stairs at home doctor checkups ok?
regular  day cycle im  days late test negative weve been trying for years to have another baby whats wrong with me? . i did drink alot of fluids before the test trying to make myself use the bathroom. ive seen  different dr. s they all say they dont know whats wrong why i cant concieve my husbands had a sperm count done hes got good fertility but we been tracking ovulation we have a very active sex life besides trying to have another baby. our son is now  and weve been trying for  years. please help!
what if im a night owl?
 year old son has a lump on the back of his neck?
i am (suffering) pain on left side of my chest?
how to know when cats run fevers
i am planing to go for liposuction for weight loss. my weight is 
what can i do to treat influenza at home?
im struggling for  years now with pain in neck doctors keep giving me something for infection and spasm but it doesnt stop?
does exercise affect staph infection? . like mowing my lawn.
i'm allergic to augmetan doxycycline and clydomyacine. what antibiotics can i take?
i have extream anxity and panic. i cant control it and it's making me crazy. what can i do?
is it dangerous to sleep on your back when you are pregnant?
do you recommend probiotics for acid reflux?
my  yr old has the stomach flu. what medications can i give him for diarrhea?
is it possible to get breast cancer after a complete hysterectomy?
when shouldn't denture adhesives be considered?
 weeks pregnant my vaginal walls are so swollen i cannot see inside and my pelvis hurts?
how soon does the food you eat affect your cholesterol? how long does food you eat affect your cholesterol?
can vitamins interfere with any prescription medicines?
i forgot to take my  typhoid vaccine pill on the scheduled day but took it the next day. do i need to start over? . all four pills were taken within  hours of each other even though the last one had  calendar days between doses. the first three i took around  on the   and  of the month. i took the last pill on the  of the month at . do i need to start the sequence over or will the vaccine still be effective?
what is the typical duration of strep throat after antibiotics have begun?
how often can albuterol be used
colonscopy found heavy amounts of mucus in transverse colon what dors that mean. colonscopy found heavy amounts of mucus in transverse colon getting ct scan with dye today is it cancer in the lumen area!
pain pill addiction. my mother is addicted to pain pills of every sort. at first it was for insomnia and she has suffered with that for  years. however in the last year her health has deteriorated and in the last month drastically. she was a vibrant women and now can not leave her bed falls can not stand up alone no clue what day it is and in severe pain. she has been to hundreds of drs and does not trust any. they give her no solutions and they just prescribe her more drugs! what should i do with her?
epigastric painwhats wrong?
can you take loestrin  and chantix together?
can a human get a horse pregnet
is hand foot and mouth the same as rubella. is hand foot nd mouth the same as rubella?
 year old girl cant concentrate feels desperate speaks only to mom.
my problem is regular hair fall. how to control hair loss? please help.
can i give my son benadryl while he is taking amoxicillin for ear infection. his nose is running and coughing kind of bad from the draining from infection
"does ""tax credit"" mean credit on taxes? . i have so little income and so many deductions i already do not pay tax so a ""credit"" would not do me much good."
i have a mole on the back of my neck
can a woman be pregnant  days after sexual intercourse? . i had unprotected sexual intercouirse with a woman who after  days came back to tell me that she is pregnant. my question here is that; could it be possible and i am confused since i have never heard such thing. please help me out here?
fever of .  degrees fahrenheit. sharp pain on right side of abdomen. feeling nauseous. what do i need to do? . fever (.  degrees fahrenheit) for two days. nauseous for  days.
how often do you take viagra after prostate surgery. do you take viagra daily or as needed after prostate surgery?
cure for gastroparesis. i was diagnosed with gastroparesis  years ago. i modified my diet to low fiber and took domperidone and nexium. for about  months after the diet change i still had occasional symptoms. however for the last  years i have not had symptoms and have reduced my rx intake by half. i have slowly introduced regular food back into my diet and still have not incurred any symptoms. is it possible to recover from this?
can you bleed a week after you have your period when you are on the birth control pill. i started to bleed the next week after i got of my period is that normal when you are on the birthcontrol pills this has never happened to me at all and i have know clue what to do and could it mean that im pregnant
i love to ski and snowboard but my face gets sunburned even with sunscreen. how high of an spf do i need to wear?
can i take cough medicine with augmentin. i got diagnosed with a sinus infection on friday so i got prescribed generic augmentin . i also have a bunch of mucus piled up in my throat that when i cough i sometime choke and end up throwing up mucus. it also feels like i'm choking when i lay down. can i take a cough medicine with augmentin to relieve this?
i have history of multiple myeloma when i get up from sitting i take one step get off balance?
i had a wooden splinter on my left ankle doctor said no tetanus need second doctor opinion
is it possible to have fake periods during amenorrhea?
can i do intervals inside or outside with or without exercise equipment?
i have itchy water blisters that turn into blood blisters?
can pregnancy occur outside uterus?
i have a very swollen and painful finger. i cannot move any of the joints?
how long does the depo shot stay in your system after you stop taking it? . i had my last depo shot in november  i'm trying to get pregnant i had my first period on march   i have not started yet can i get pregnant this fast?
who is at risk for cystic fibrosis?
need help about tear near anus. hi . i have a small cut/ tear type thing near my anus. its like a inch behind the anus. (towards back side) its doesn't hurt no blood. but its like skin stretches? or what
do i have epilepsy? i know there must be something wrong with my brain? i need a doctor or expert to pm me. i don't know if there's a feature on webmd that allows you to private message (pm) someone but i really need to talk one on one with someone. what happens to me is really embarrassing.
what could be causing severe pain in the back of my head when i get an mri?
what are symptoms of congestive heart failure. mother died from this at  i have had dye run no blockages but i retain fluid an experience tightness in chest an hard to breathe
i have an allergy to amoxicillin can i take cephalexin  mg
could having bad sinus/cold infection cause sensitivity in teeth and pressure behind jaw/ears.
will otc products help with the adult acne on my chest?
my mother has chronic pain and lost her mobility – is medical cannabis oil ok?
i have been gluten free for roughly two years but still have major bowel problems?
after sex tip of penis gets red-ish in color and hives appear around the belly button region. what could it be? . has occurred after past  sexual experiences. vaginal intercourse only occurred twice of three occurrences. oral during all. red-ness on penis tip lasts typical less than - hours then disappears for good same with hives. not tender to touch and doesn't hurt. hives make me feel some sort of allergy but still unsure as to what or if it has potential to be an sti.
burning pain in and around butt hole. this pain has been going on for about  days now. it hurts to walk and sit. i tried some preparation h crème but it dosent seem to be doing anything. should i go to the doctor? i haven't had a full bowel movement in - days also and i've been getting fevers and vomiting. what do i do?
can antipsycotic drugs lower sperm count or cause me to be infertile? . i have taken an array of antipsychotic and antidepressant medications for bipolar with psychotic features depression anxiety mood swings panic attacks anger issues stress and insomnia. i also used to drink alcohol and use drugs. i am  and have had many partners but no kids yet.
ct scan shows issue with prostate?
everyday i get headches or migraines and i was wondering if that could be a medical problem or not?
i have bloody stools for  years is this irritable bowel syndrome?
what happen if protein powder left in a very heat temperature? . i ordered protein powder online and did not know it was delivered already and was left in the mail box for  days with the heat temperature. is it still safe to take it?
i have a defect in the base of my skull need a second medical opinion?
my cardiologist told me to measure my sodium intake. how can i do that?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of magnesium?
how can i prevent gallstones?
what to do when you run out of your antidepressant? . i have recently moved from one county to another where my insurance won't cover. i don't get my new insurance coverage until after september  . i have been out of my antidepressant (lexapro  mg) since august  . i am already experiencing headaches from the withdrawal of not having it in my system. i also have slight mood swings suicidal thoughts (not severe) and anxiety. i need to have my medicine to keep my major depression disorder until control. please help me out. thanks
is bupropion the same as budeprion. that's all i want to know. i have been taking buproprion for a year and have never felt it did much good. is it the same drug as budeprion? the fda has just released a statement stating that budeprion is not equivalent to wellbutrin so i'd like to know. thank you
what foods and drinks may make incontinence worse?
what orange period blood mean? test was negative for pregnant. could it be pregnant? . i had my period on august  it was pinkish red and i had it on  it was heavy red and  and  none then today i had bright orange blood and it not heavy anyway so do u know what it mean? and whole month of june i was having unprotected sex and had my period on july  but on july  i blacked out and i been throwing up every morning always tired and all kind of pregnant sign till  days before aug  i took test it was negative and now i have cramping and have orange blood don't know i pregnant?
i have been taking  extra strength excedrin ( of acetaminophen and  aspirin) every day for a few years. i have been taking  extra strength excedrin ( of acetaminophen and  aspirin each) every day for a few years; i also drink about  glasses of red wine a day. . i am concerned that i may have done damage to my liver - i just recently noticed the warnings on the bottle. i do not have any symptoms of liver damage (not nauseous tired fatigued weak; i have a regular appetite etc. ). i won't be taking excedrin or tylenol again of course but do you think i am ok? .
is my cat pregnant or just fat? . my cat used to be nice and brave but now she is scared and mean. . if you guys have any answers please help! . . . thank you . caytilyn rose mattox
how to prevent bleeding on brushing?
is there an otc medication to help get my blood sugar down? i lost my insurance. i know i can keep it down with diet.
my  year old takes medication for adhd but has some negative behaviors in the evening. has the ritalin worn off?
can the sweat chloride be high without having cystic fibrosis?
how is psoriatic arthritis treated?
my urine stream isn't as strong as it used to be. is that normal?
how do you diagnose hashimoto's hypothyroidism and does this condition have effect on heart disease and osteoporosis?
can melatonin cause weight gain?
what if i become pregnant while taking fortamet?
my penis is swollen from mastubating last night. is it safe to continue to take viagra?
i am experiencing a strong oder and a lot of thick discharge from my vagina is this symptoms of an std or something else. i am also have a strong stabbing pains during and after sex and sometimes just at random.
can yeast infection cause back pain in lower right?
what is hepatitis?
i started my bc pills on the  of august and i had unprotected sex on the ! no period in august! . i started my bc pills on the  of august and i had unprotected sex on the ! i took a pregnancy text on the  it said negative! was that too early to tell! and my period didn't come on in august! i only took  pills since then and haven't taken anymore! could i be pregnant! when should i take another test
headache bodyaches fatigue nausea dizzy temp of .  comes and goes for over a year. a/g ratio is . .
what is schizophrenia?
i had facial paralysis  years ago?
i have diabetes and high blood pressure among other health problems. i have been turned down for disability. my employer does not have employee health insurance. i work for minimum wages. will i be able to afford this health care reform?
how can diet and nutrition affect early pregnancy?
when is the flu no longer contagious?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of ludent fluoride?
what conditions does infant's advil treat?
are there physical symptoms for overwhelming guilt? . if i've done something i'm not proud of i have an urge to confess. however i may be scared to confess. i start feeling very stressed and i get a sick feeling in my stomach. is that just an emotional change or is that a physical symptom in my body? are there physical symptoms?
can i self-administer systematic desensitization to treat a phobia or does it have to be under the care of a therapist?
hi i am a  year old male. i have had a series of digestion problems after antibiotics for pheumonia in the beginning of the year. most of the symptoms have gone except for a werid experience when i put pressure with my hand below the rib cage i breath out slowly and i can feel and hear fluid being released from somewhere in that region there is no pain. is this normal?
will diet and exercise regress mild concentric lvh?
what do i do if i missed one of my bactrim ds dosage? . i was supose to take it  hours ago its a twice a day dosage. it is a  day treatment and i have three more days left. what do i do if i missed one bactrim ds dosage?
is paleo diet recommended by doctors? . i am very interested in this diet but i am not sure if its safe. what is opinion of professionals?
is it safe for my daughter to get the  mmr vaccine  months early?
what about bariatric surgery under the affordable care act? . obesity is a pre-existing condition but what are going to be the limitations for obese people when they buy insurance on the marketplace?
i take atenolol flecainide hydrochlorothiazide prednisone and warfarin. do any of them cause thinning hair?
after visitng a chiropractor  or  times a week for the last four months following a car accident was told. i have early osteoarthritis (neck) that i would need treatment for the next year before i would feel better. i'm not sure that i trust this even though the adjustments feel good i am consistently swollen and hope that there is another approach for my situation as this seems excessive to me. i am worried because i don't know what het treatment plan actually is and i think everyone really gets the same treatment at this office. confused as to whether or not i am receiving helpful treatment.
i began to feel a sudden twitch/spasm feeling in my stomach went to er twice no solution?
what is hypopituitarism?
this is very awkward but. during one of my sexual encounters the guy i was with slipped up and stuck his penis in my butt by accident. i ended up becoming infected vaginally with chlamydia and i had tested positive for herpes . i don't know if he was the one that infected me but would i have also gotten it in my butt then as well if he was infected? i took doxycline for  days  times a day and cured myself of chlamydia vaginally. would that have cured it in my butt as well if i had become infected there?
how can i fall asleep more quickly?
how can i cure acid reflux? . i ate a large meal and went to bed right after and  hours later woke up with a burning throat. gargled some cold water and saw some blood got worried gargled couple of more times but the bleeding got worse. rushed to a doctor and got some medications but i still sometimes feel its hard to sleep. and when i wake up my throat feels very dry even though i have woken up couple of times to drink water.
i had unprotectedsex withmy partner he ejaculate near vagina and i washed it all and took plan b will i get pregnant
what is salmonella and how can i prevent getting it?
"can intercourse with a partner with vaginal dryness affect the penis including ""raw"" spots slight pain etc.?"
jammed my finger around - today. i jammed my finger the one next to my pinky earlier today. i now have this weird numbing sensation on the tip of my finger and i am unsure on what to do to help it. i can bend it but it hurts a little not to mention the bottom of my finger where it bends before it hits my palm is also a little sore. any advise on what i can do is much appreciated thanks
is there anything that i can take to help me become more fertile?
i had vertigo and now i am only left with the ringing in my ear and i can't hear at all from that ear. what should i do? . i have been taking ibuprofen and meclizine for about a month and i still cannot hear. my doctor said that it might be a profound issue in my ear. i'm not sure what to do at this point since the medication i have taken is not helping my situation.
i have been evaluated by a neurologist but my rheumatologist is questioning my symptoms need second opinion?
i take diltzac evista and nexium. i also take a multivitamin and supplements. do these interact with gemfibrozil?
is it safe to take xanax with calcium channel blockers. i'm taking amlodipine . i take it in the morning. i have.  of xanax that i want to take at night.
is it normal for bleeding to occur with bilateral acute otitis media? . my child ear was bleeding for three day before the doctor told me it was bilateral acute otitis media. she did not say her ear was hurting at all.
i feel pain at center upper of the abdominal and between two ribs?
is in vitro fertilization covered by insurance
can i get pregnant while on augmentin and transitioning from one birthcontrol pack to the next? . i'm on lo loestrin fe and am transitioning from one pill pack to another and i got prescribed augmentin for an upper respiratory infection. could i get pregnant if i dont use a back up method?
im  weeks pregnant. yesterday i started spotting after having sex. its lightened up alot and i think i can still feel. the baby moving but that could be hopeful thinking. i have pco and the women in my family tend to be rh negative. there are alot of factors against this baby ever having made it this far. if the bleeding stops and doesnt start again. is there a chance my baby will make it? i have no outward cramps or pain. normal growing irritations down there but nothing i havent been experiencing before this. please give it to me straight should i run to the er or am i ok?
what medications and treatments are available to treat gallstones?
is it bad for your skin to write on yourself? . just wondering because i've been told not to but i know a lot of people who do it more frequently than i do and are fine.
no sores or visible symptoms could i have herpes? . for a month have been having these symptoms: pain/oversensitivity on penis head occasional testicular pressure slight redness on tip of penis occasional urethra burning. all symptoms come and go most consistent symptom is the pain/sensitivity on penis head. have been to urologist and tested for gonohrrea and chlamydia both negative. prescribed  days of cipro i am  weeks in with no improvement. told it may be prostatitis but starting to worry about something worse.
they found a  cm cyst on my left kidney now grown to  cm?
why is it not recommended to use an inversion table if you have a hiatal hernia?
what are the possible complications of chickenpox?
can thyroid problem be the reason for stress and anxiety?
hemorrhoids after the cream was applied it went away but it has stopped working and this lump has become really hard. doctor has prescribe this cream and in the past it had been working shrinking away or swollen has disappeared. but in feb this occur again for him and he's been using this cream since but it hasn't shrink at all instead it became really hard lump. whats the cause of the hardness? and what should i do for my dad?
what type of exercise is beneficial for someone with alzheimer's disease?
recently had a tooth pulled i am extremely fatigued i dont feel very well i have a severe headache my heart rate is elevated
searing gnawing burning pain in low back and sacrum region/
which doctor do you go to for an irritation of your foreskin a urologist or a dermatologist?
is depo shot safe for women with scoliosis?
my doctor says colonoscopy shows crohns disease need second opinion?
does levothyraxine  tablets make u gain wait
left shoulder blade has had a stabbing pain arm is numbing and left hand no feeling
i have acoustic nouroma tumour should i have full surgery or partial with radiation?
i had energy supplements now feeling dizzy and passed out today?
if you had sex  weeks before your period if you have your period could you still be pregnant? . ok. me and my gf got in contact on  of june. . she had her last period on  june and then got her next period on  july. . yeah she got her period on her regular time. . and she didn't felt any symptoms of pregnancy during those  weeks. is she still be pregnant? . please help!
is it possible to get pregnant from swallowing or anal sex?
how can i use duct tape to get rid of warts?
i have full body burning vibrating tingling numbness all over?
i've been running a ton but i cannot seem to get in shape. what's going on here? . i'm a college basketball player. i have  diabetes. i've never had a problem with getting in shape and staying in shape until this season. we run about fifteen suicides a practice and full court scrimmaging. but after two months i still get out of breath very quickly. we had off the other day and since i always feel so out of shape i decided to hit the tredmill to see if i could run a bit. i only was able to run about six minutes before i got tired. how come i'm not getting in shape?
can generalized anxiety disorder (gad) be prevented?
im  pregnant after i have my baby im considering tubal ligation. will i continue to have a cycle after its done?
is impetigo highly contagious? . my roomate has had impetigo for her whole life. she told me it's not that contagious and that i can only get it if i have a cut and she were to touch it. i wasn't convinced so i looked it up and apparently it is highly contagious. i've been at school for over a month and she just developed the rash in and underneath her nose like she apparently does every year (due to bacteria from the strep virus). are there ways for me to prevent getting this virus even though im constantly exposed to it?
have rumbling like reving motor both ears. can't hear bass tone only treble. bp is good. no other symptoms. my ent doesn't have a clue. cleaned both ears. did hearing test & i do have some hearing loss.
i have arthritis. would it be better for me to move from ct to va. not willing to move west lots of family in the neast
stage  throat and neck cancer undergoing chemo and radiotherapy need second opinion?
unprotected sex on ov day in oct then got my p one day early. this month my p is  days late. could i be pregnant?
i have central posterior disc herniation with annular tear?
what are gallstones?
i have horrible pain along my right leg?
what causes type  diabetes living with complications?
what can i say to a friend while she is having an anxiety attack? . my friend has generalized anxiety disorder and she has panic attacks pretty often. once or twice a week typically and when it's the worst daily. they get bad and it's pretty scary. i was wondering what i can do/say to her that will stop the anxiety attack or make it less bad so she doesn't have to leave class. she has a fear of throwing up that's often what causes the panic attacks even when she just has a stomachache she freaks out. she is on treatment but it can only help so much.
i have pain when i urinate and blood in urine?
how do you get rid of lice?
what foot exercises can i do to help after bunion surgery
vaseline safe for anal sex. is vaseline safe for anal sex? if not then what is safe to use? also should my partner wear a condom? is do what kind and brand? thank you.
right hand was crushed/squeezed with limited motion  metacarpal is broke?
my kid was diagnosed with hand foot and mouth disease by one doc and chicken pox by another?
after i've been diagnosed with an std and treated for it should i go back and get tested again to make sure its gone? . i got tested for std and came back possitive for chymidia and bacterial vaginosis. i have been given treatments including antibodies for both and it has now been a week. should i go back in for another screening to make sure it is gone before i have sex again? i don't want to pass it on to another sex partner.
daughter tested positive for mono. the only symptom is swollen lymph nodes in her neck. can she play soccer? . she has no fever no swollen spleen no sore throat no fatigue. dr left it up to us whether or not she should play! just want to hear other opinions.
how is hepatitis diagnosed?
i am a cheerleader my leg cracked?
what could cause my knee pain that occurs only when i run?
do penile enlargement surgeries work?
periods or pregnant? . i had sex  months and had periods last month this month i did not get my periods it been  days now plz help? and i have no symptoms of pregnancy
i had a baby two months ago and haven't got my first period is tha normal?
why do i look  or  months pregnant and have elevated hormones when i am not pregnant? . i gained  pounds from june  to feb  and have not lost weight. i eat health and exercise everyday. it is not a tumor in my brain which my doc ruled out. i have elevated prolactin levels over several months. i am starting to think this is health related. could this be false pregnancy? also have had nausea and acid reflux and i don't have my period due to taking dep birth control shot. please help!
how long will i feel like a -hour milking station with my -week-old wanting to breastfeed every  to  minutes?
i have undifferentiated connective tissue disease. brain mri shows white spots?
i've heard that adding avocados to my diet could help me lose weight. is this true?
i was given an antibiotic shot for strep throat. can i also take ibuprofen? . i was given the shot at : this morning. i forgot to ask if i could take ibuprofen for the pain.
i have hashimotos. am i going to have heart problems within few years?
should i try to prevent my child from getting bitten by mosquitoes?
how is a cataract detected?
quit smoking  days ago how long before the nicotine is out of my system. i am also taking chantix i have been taking it for seventeen day s now and feeling very good.
am i pregnant? . i'm bleeding and cramping with really bad lower back pains but i'm not expecting my period for  weeks. could i be pregnant?
is it normal to be really paranoid after having sex the first time? . recently i had sex for the first time  days after my period. we used a condom the classic trojan enz kind. we checked the condom after & we didn't see any tears or holes. is it normal to be really paranoid? & also can being paranoid delay your period? (if that is true what are ways where i can make it come faster? )
i am a naturally tan girl how do i treat a sunburn and prevent it from peeling? . i am a naturally tan girl and i spent the whole day at the beach today. when i came back my face was red. i usually never burn and this redness spdoesnt hurt or itch. i am going to be in the sun the whole day tomorrow again! i was wondering how to treat this especially because it is on my face and how to prevent it from peeling? aloe vera? lotion?
my husband has been sick for a week has cold sweat feels nauseated and dizzy?
"i've had a low grade fever for the past two nights but had no fever in the morning. my ""normal"" temperature is around .  to "
can you get breast cancer from a bioidentical hormone?
my little boy who is  months has had tonsillitis for over a week now?
should i get into real estate? . here you will find a wide variety of useful information and resources designed to help you buy or sell a home more effectively in the denver metro. <link>
i terminated a pregnancy and i have to take a drug test for a job will the pregnancy hormone show up on the test? . it's a federal job and they have to do drug testing. while i am drug free i've recently terminated a pregnancy and i know that the pregnancy hormone can still show up and make it seem like you are pregnant. will it show up on the drug test somehow? i'm set to take the medical test next week.
what happens after treatment for brain tumors?
could i be pregnant. my period is a couple of days late. i took a pregnancy test yesterday and it came out negative. i last had sex on december   a couple of hours before my period started! i did use the withdrawal method! could i be pregnant? also my periods are a bit irregular! should i wait another week to retest?
can a child get congestion from taking benadryl if they arent sick
should i worry if the pain from my ovarian cyst has been spreading to my back lower ribs? . i was just told that i have a hemorrhagic cyst on my left ovary three days ago. since then the pain has spread to my back near my spine my lower ribs and i developed swollen and sore lymph nodes on my collar bone. my doctor said if the pain got worse or spread to my back i should go to the er but i would like a second opinion on these symptoms.
after anal sex i experienced extreme nausea cold sweats and lethargy - no other symptoms. was this related and why?
my little boy who is  months has had tonsillitis for over a week now?
is there a connection between a family history of food allergies and a food allergy in babies?
can sri tricyclic antidepressants cause high blood pressure. i have chronic glomerulonephritis (of unknown etiology) with accompanying high blood pressure. i have also been taking the antidepressant amitriptyline for about  years. since this antidepressant is an anticholinergic (acetylcholine mediates the parasympathetic nervous system) i was wondering whether this antidepressant could raise my blood pressure by suppressing my psn. any information you could give me would be greatly appreciated. michel gooden
instead of taking nexium  mg could i take prilosec  mg twice a day?
are soft stools once a day a reason to worry they happen after i eat first waking up if i don't eat i won't go.
penis blister? . hello i had awoke this morning and urinated as i usually always do in the morning and everything on my shaft looked fine. i will admit that i'm a frequent masturbater so i felt i had some friction blisters relating to an itch i had. now this might seem odd but how i usually go about itching this part of my body is i pinch and twist it does the trick. i developed what looks like a blister or some swelling that i'm almost certain was caused by how i itched. i hope. right? . it almost feels swollen
can having headaches increase my risk for a stroke?
my knee locked really bad where i couldnt unlock it without horrible pain or force?
your portion size guides. are you talking cooked or raw weight of the proteins?
can a yeast infection go away on its own?
can medications prevent travelers' diarrhea?
ttc ovulation confusion. my husband and i have been trying to conceive. i was pregnant in dec but i lost baby dec . i had a cycle started jan . i thought my next cycle was coming a lil early feb  but it was just some barely there spotting lasted less than a day. i had very light spotting again feb  nothing mar  spotting mar - and on the  -today so far normal flow. i am trying to figure out when i might ovulate but i don't know from which day to go by. opinions/thoughts please?
what should i do if i am physically unable to exercise due to a medical condition?
if you have a curve to your penis does that effect how you would inject a trimix ed shot? . my penis has a visible curve to the left of maybe  degrees or so. i know the injection site for trimix can be either  or  o'clock on the bottom side of the penis. since i do have that curve to the left would that affect how i would administer the shot? or would it be fine and not cause any further damage to the curved portion of my penis.
is stress causes acne? . one of my friend told me that acne is caused by stress. is it really true or not? . tell me the causes of acne so that i can clear it that stress is a cause or not.
i was hospitalized a month ago for a severe kidney infection nothing helped what should i do next?
pain in chest with palpable lump no diagnosis can be made?
i am unable to lose weight after mono. i got mono last fall as a college freshman (female) and gained  in a month. my diet and exercise has not changed; i eat healthy run and do circuits or intervals /wk. i am now  heavier and very unhappy. i take iron supplements to treat fatigue but has not helped with weight loss. i was not diagnosed with hypothyroidism.
"i've been achy all over weak and out of breath for  weeks. i feel feverish but no fever. is this likely to be a virus? . no sore throat no cough or cold. clear chest x-ray nothing odd popping up on bloodwork. negative lyme ana esr. i've had no improvement or change with symptoms for  weeks now! going crazy. doctors don't know what's wrong with me. what else should i do to help diagnose this? . if this is a virus is it ""normal"" to last  weeks with no improvement? . is it okay to run errands or should i just stay in bed for a week to get over this? . thanks! . jenny"
what are the causes of secondary high blood pressure?
dr said i was dehydrated no signs of infection.
i feel tired everday. is there any wrong?
my husband has stomach cancer he refused treatment now he is unable to eat solid food?
how does insulin been produced? naturally manufaturally? . well i want to know from what. insulin is produced. /manufactured. and from what fruit or vegetables. . which food. produced natural insulin. ? . i don't want to know about pancreas.
a girl i have been dating told me she has hpv. are my risks any greater with her than the general population? . we have not had sex. i guess she had some warts and they have gone away without recurrence for at least  or so years. . she is telling me it is no big deal. given the stats i wonder if my risks any greater with her than the general population. . i am in the process of divorcing and i logically know this will not be a lifelong thing with the new girl.
im on blood thinner what can i take for a headache
i noticed a very thin white coating on my tongue a week ago in patches and white/yellow small raised bumps in the back? . this has been going on for about a week. i have a sore throat but no other symptoms such as night sweats headaches muscle/joint pain fever etc. what could be going on? the bumps seem to scrape off but not the thin white patches.
can i get pregnant three days after my period? my last birth control pill was saturday?
what is eczema?
brownish discoloration on my left leg?
can u get chlamydia from kissing someone? . i was just tested and came out positive with chlamdia and my boyfriend too i got treated that day but he was treated till  days after i kissed him an hour after he took his meds can i get chlamdia back from him from a kiss?
how can i get my child to stop lying and stealing. my son has severe adhd odd ptsd and bipolar problems. he has been stealing and lying about it. first around christmas it was a little toy truck from my grandfather than markers and highlighters from school now it is money from myself and family members. he is on medication for his
what does the platinum health insurance plan cover?
what are bisphosphonates for osteoporosis and cancer?
what is a common migraine?
can vitamin e help get rid of gentel warts
can you have a fever with a cold? . began with a sore throat for several days tiredness then after  days chest congestion and fever at night
my son complains of stomach pain and discomfort. what would be the likely reason?
ive been ill for the past seven weeks need a second doctor opinion?
high thyroid level is surgery or nuclear medicine better?
i have a skin rash that looks like ringworm but isn't. its red and very itchy and spreading everywhere. what can i do? . my breakout started with one bump on my thigh then a day later there were two on my upper body. then all of a sudden the next week my whole upper body was covered in red raised and itchy bumps. i am into my second week with this and it is spreading to my face all over my arms and moving down my legs. i am not in pain but it is hard to deal with being itchy everywhere. i don't have any other symptoms. if there was a way to know what i have? just anything to help thank you.
got dtap vaccine week ago. injection area is swollen and has knot gets sorer every day. is this normal?
i have had a recurring bump on the shaft of my penis for a little over a year. its red but doesnt hurt. what could it be. the bump does not burn sting or hurt in any way. it seems to be around where some pubic hair is. i have had sexual contact before with my now ex girlfriend and am wondering if it is an std. i have given blood not because of the bump but because i wanted to and got my results back. they gave me a card that had my blood type and name. they gave my a paper for future donations and thats it. i have also found sores in my mouth but i have stabbed myself with a toothbrush before and had sores after.
i have man boobs do i need surgery or is there a drug that can help?
i have been suffering of imbalance exhaustion lack of focus and nervousness?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of fortamet?
how safe is botox cosmetic? . a few months ago i had botox cosmetic injected into some facial lines. about  days after i experienced hives or red welts on my torso. it went away with benadryl but recurred every night for about a week. each time it went away with benadryl. after that i didn't have any other problems. have i now built up immunity towards the botox or is it possible to have a worse reaction in the future if i have further treatments?
will sugar water help with starvation? . i need some help with my friend. he does not have enough money for lunch everyday so he goes without food for . he doesn't purposely starve himself but he doesn't have money for lunch everyday. by around - he gets really hungry & wants to faint. i can't give him money for lunch all the time and his family doesn't have left over food for him to pack to work. . will drinking sugar water help him go through that time so he would get home safely and eat dinner? will sugar water work?
are my semen analysis results good enough to have a child?
how do you get hepatitis c?
minor swelling on one cheek for a week. painless sometimes tender. chills sometimes when most swollen. should i worry? . the day the swelling started i also had diarrhea. eating more often than usual seemed to help that. this got better over a few days. . cheek swelling stays small enough that it's not visible unless you're actually looking for it. swelling tends to go down after eating or brushing. sometimes it seems like there's no swelling at all. . i'm wondering if something is wrong because a week later the stomach symptoms and chills are pretty much gone but the cheek swelling while minor still remains.
i have a gout attackblotches going up my leg?
i had a tubal ligation in aug. of this year and now i'm aroused all the time. why is that?
i had strep throat / mono. gave them both i believe to my girlfriend. can i get them again? . so i've been sick for quite some time. i had a really bad sore throat and went to the doctor and was tested positive for strep. i got out on  days of penicillin. started feeling much better. about - days after the penicillin finished i started feeling sick again. this time was a bit worse. i found out i had mono. went through a really rough week and it's been about  weeks since and i have no more symptoms. girlfriend is now sick with mono / strep? can i see her or will/can i get sick again.
how do i safely stop taking simvastatin ( mg)? . i do not nor have i ever had high blood pressure. my cholesterol count before simvastatin was . . a stress test  years ago showed that there are no blockages or build up in my arteries my heart is in good shape; as a matter of fact the cardiologist told me i had the heart of a thirty year old. after learning about the dangers of this drug i am scared and would like to discontinue it. please advise. .
when is the earliest time to take a pregnancy test? can pregnancy tests give you a false negative.
i am  i have a foot and ankle that is swollen. it been swollen every since  and never went down. help me please! . first it started at the foot. second the ankle and now its going up my leg. i can't walk a long distance without it burning with pain and swelling even bigger than it was before. when i stand in one spot for a long time it will burn also with pain. i never injured it at all. diabetes and high blood pressure runs in my family. i live in letohatchee alabama. i don't know which doctor or specialist would be best to look for that would treat this problem that i am having.
can getting the flu shot raise blood pressure? . i have been monitoring my blood pressure for about  weeks now and the readings have been normal (/) but i noticed ever since i received my flu shot from a few days ago my blood pressure has been reading higher (- range/). is this a side effect of the flu shot?
when did i most likey have sex to become pregnant? . i got my period on august . i was expecting my period september  but it didn't come. i took a pregnancy test today the . the test was positive and it said i might be  and up to  weeks since ovulation. it also said my doctor would date me at - weeks pregnant. i'm just really confused by all of this and i'd like an estimation on what day i had sex to become pregnant. thank you!
my lymph nodes under my arm are swollen. pain level . went to er no solution need advice?
what other steps can i take in addition to medication to manage my bipolar disorder during pregnancy?
i have been eating approx / of what i used to eat however my stomach is even bigger?
my doctor gave me valium as a muscle relaxant and it was great for my nerve pain. is it safe to continue to use?
i have the worst motion and travel sickness?
will my medicare pay for genetic testing? . my neurologist wants ataxia genetic testing done. will medicare pay for this go get a diagnosis?
i take exforge med for high blood pressure. i want to start taking  to prevent heart disease. . can i take both daily?
how serious is an ldl level of ? need meds?
i injured my leg in car accident pain when i get up from sitting and after standing?
i have two cartilage piercings (piercing infections) that seem to be infected?
can i give my daughter (she weights  pounds ) bromfed dm syrup along with ibuprofen?
how do you tell your parents you are pregnant if you are  and  months away from ? . i need help my mom had a baby at  and didn't want me to follow in her foot steps i don't want to disappoint her i just don't know what to do?
my roommate has been throwing up for almost  hours (every - minutes) and is now vomiting bile. how can i help?
could i be pregnant if i got my period twice in one month? . ok so i got my period around the begginig of october and around october  i began to bleed a lot and i dont know if its my period. i am not spotting and the blood that comes out is kind slimy dark red and like i said i am bleeding like if i was on my period but slower. sometimes i bleed for a while then it stops and it beggins agian! i did drink the plan b pill around october  and i dont know if that is was it is causing it? can someone please help me!
how can i know if a food has a high glycemic index (gi)?
can low t affect a man's ability to show affection (not sexually)? . showing a level of intimacy that does not lead to sex. for example touching cuddlying kissing a desire for giving and receiving affection.
how can i slow my pulse for a few hours? no breathing techniques or meditation please. need to pass a medical screen but my bpm is hitting . i know this is due to anxiety. the screening doctor says it's tachycardia but i just get anxious around his loud ekg won't accept anxiety as an answer. my own doctor measures my bpm while monitoring my wrist/neck with a stopwatch. my pulse is always under  there. at hone i monitor my own pulse with a home ekg it is also always under . is there any otc medication to lower my pulse? any fruits or vegetables?
how is thrush diagnosed?
the skin around my tattoo really itches. am i allergic to the ink? should i see a doctor? i don't have health insurance.
burning testicles but no burning urine or sensitivity on head of penis. no pain in head of penis nor have any burning when urinating and no rash of any kind just burning testicles
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of subutex?
is it carpel tunnel? . i have really bad pain and burning in my hands also they go numb and cant feel them some times and when i have these pains my hands are really week. is it carpel tunnel or something else? i have had it for about  years but its getting worse and wakes me at night.
what are the symptoms of prostate cancer?
i suffer from anxiety and panick attacks best medication (zoloft? ). i have anxiety and panick attacks. i am  year old female ( pounds). i'm really nervous to start taking anxiety meds and have done a lot of research on zoloft. i am just wondering if this medication is good and if will cause long term effects? i also fear that i will be unable to deal with withdrawel symptoms when and if i want to ever get off it and will be worse off then i was before i took it. i don't want to become dependant on these meds. if anyone has any advice please help.
i cant breathe choking
need a quick response please. i am . and i suffer from high levels of anxiety. today i was playing soccer. i ran to the ball very fast and then i stopped i took a deep breath and i felt a little flutter in my chest. then i continued running and the feeling went away and didn't come back. no other symptoms. i have had ekg done before. i am just a bit scared. is this normal? the feeling lasted a second. in my family only my grandfather had a heart attack at  but still lived. other than that immediate family is clean
im  cant get pregnant for the past  years. no period since  dec. . pregnancy test says negative. what can i do? . im  cant get pregnant for the past  years. no period since  dec. . pregnancy test says negative. what can i do? . i have the pregnancy symptoms and the stomach gets bigger but nothing. i have been irregular for years now. i got in an accident and fractured my hip. and i use to take morning after pills. not sure if this contribute to my bad luck can you plz help me. i need your help please
what is emphysema and chronic bronchitis?
i was born with a trigger thumb had another steroid injection hurting pretty badly?
do pregnant people ovulate at all?
is it safe for pregnant women to quite somking? . yes i need to know if it's safe for a pregnant woman to quite smoking. i was told with my frist pregnancy by some friends that it was not ok or safe for baby for me to quite somking while i was pregnant so therefore i didn't quite then. however i am pregant again and my husband now wants me to quite with him but i am worried that it will hurt my baby if i quite now. so i need ot know is it safe to quite while pregnant?
what conditions does motrin ib treat?
how do you treat a burn?
what is skin to skin contact herpes called and is it treatable and is herpes on hands very noticeable? . woman didn't seem to have anything on here hands.
"since cutting \""bad\"" carbs and sugar from my diet - i have experienced nausea and very loose stools - especially in the morning. i take immodium and it seems to help but the symptoms come back every day. any ideas?"
how can i let someone know i'm upset or want for them to change what they're doing without losing our relationship?
what causes diarrhea?
what is the best deodorant for people who sweat. i am a  year old woman. my doctor told me i was to young to be going through menopause. i have tried every deodorant on the market including some mens. my shirt get soaked everyday in the arm pit area. is there anything out there that will work.
can mucinex dm and z-pack be taken together? . my son a college freshman likely has walking pneumonia. today his second trip to the health center in a week he was prescribed a z-pack for his symptoms: hacking cough fatigue fever and chills. his cough sounds alarming over the phone and is preventing him from getting much sleep. can he take mucinex dm to suppress his cough so he can sleep/rest?
i am a dancer my ankle gets weak?
my semen was pink in color and the last time it had blood in it?
why do my nipples hurt not pregnant. my nipples just started hurting and i an  and that has never happened to me it hurts to touch them but the rest of my breast are ok and don't hurt just my nipples. i can't have anymore children so what is happening?
i just turned  and seem to be going through a growth spurt is that cause for concern? . i did change up my diet to a mostly vegetarian diet and i stopped drinking soda. i also started exercising regularly and taking a daily vitamin. my diet before was terrible and consisted of mostly junk food and i drank soda about  out of every  times i drank something. if it helps i also hit puberty kind of late probably around  or maybe early .
can lack of sleep cause health problems?
my son has adhd allergies and colon issues. he is often sick but doctors dont seem to be concerned?
some symptoms of pregnancy but one negative pregnancy test  days before missed period. can i still be pregnant? . my boyfriend and i decided to try and we basically had sex every other day during my fertile/ovulation days. for the last week / i've had abdominal cramping (like i'm about to get my period) bloating like you wouldn't believe sleepy more often and my breasts have gotten fuller and a little sore. i have no had any implantation bleeding. i decided to take a pregnancy test about - days before my missed period but it turned out negative. is it still possible that i could be pregnant?
can lisinopril work with ativan without any side effects?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of wh petrol-mineral oil-lanolin?
 year old male with severe pain during urination until urine flows severe lower back pain fever of . . any ideas. the symptoms started around about  am january  at the start of urination the pain is so severe that i have to sit down to urinate. i dont have any drainage leaking or discharge. the skin surrounding the opening in the urethra is irritated and bright red. my urine color ranges from pale yellow to yellow-orange. for the past  days i have been drinking all natural juices mainly cranberry.
what are the dangers of coolsculpting (fda-cleared non-surgical fat reduction treatment using controlled cooling). the. coolsculpting. procedure is the only fda-cleared non-surgical fat reduction treatment that uses controlled cooling to eliminate stubborn fat that resists all efforts through diet and exercise. fatty areas are gently pinched between the coolsculpting applicator which cools the area to a temperature that causes fat cells to crystallize and die. in the weeks to follow these fat cells are naturally eliminated from the body. treated fat cells once eliminated from the body are gone for good.
is sea salt better than table salt?
"tinnitus added sounds. not only do i have tinnitus i have recently started having a ""woofing"" noise in my ear as well. (sound like a helicopter blade spinning up) and it switches between ears."
does aca coverage cost me anything and if it does can i opt out of it if my company's insurance coverage is superior?
she got her periods since day after i fingered her with some precum. can she get pregnant? . i fingered the girl on her  day of period june ) and maybe i had a little pre-cum on my finger but at that moment i could not realize anything. i did rub my finger over her body and then went in and pretty deep maybe hit her cervix once. she got her periods over on  june and it was normal only. and the duration of her cycle is normal and not irregular. so is it possible that this might make her pregnant? please help i am really worried.
will taking antibiotics with milk keep your stomach from hurting?
vegetarian and hypoglycemia? i have a rare form of cancer and recently converted to a mostly raw vegan diet in the last - months. green juicing some carrot (with lemon/celery/apple) and get my fats from avocado flax/olive oil and raw nuts that are soaked. my grains are eziekiel brown rice oatmeal and quinoa. protien is from brown rice protein powder chick peas lentils. since i have been doing this diet - i believe i have developed hypoglycemia. (i'm awaiting my specialist appt). my blood work shows a level of . . i wake up in the night extremely hungry and can't go back to sleep until i eat something. after my oatmeal in the morning i feel sluggish. i will go from not being hungry to being really hungry all of a sudden. i have had my left eye blurr on me - and last about  minutes. i have lost weight and muscle tone. is it possible for someone with hypoglycemia to live on a veg diet? i had turkey last nite for dinner - still woke up hungry. thx
what is benign prostatic hyperplasia (bph) or an enlarged prostate?
i am sick of shaving my legs. i get bumpy skin and my legs never feel smooth. does laser hair removal really work?
had a miscarriage. i bled for six days and since have stopped. my hcg level is at . what is going on with me? . i first learned i was pregnant with an at home pregnancy test. i later went to the doctor to confirm with a traditional blood test. my hcg level was . i started a synthetic estrogen medication (progestrin) based on my fertility specialist recommendation. my blood was tested the day after i started the medication and my hcg level dropped to  then  then  and now . i have stopped bleeding and feel normal.
high blood pressure intense colds minor chest pains and feeling light headed went to er all ok what can this be?
i got my cycle july  and my partner came inside me august  could i be pregnant and when is it recommended to test?
my son was almost fainted when blood was drawn from him for tests. . my son is only . we went to physical check up for him last week. doctor ordered some blood works. but he was almost fainted when blood was drawn for these tests. his blood pressure drop to / and heart beat . at the time he experience black vision buzzing in his ears and sweating on his forehead. he was asked to lay down and drink some fluids. he recovered blood pressure back to / about hour later.
i have tinnitus severe post-nasal drip yellow mucus and dislocated jaw?
my right leg gets numb (asleep)after  minutes of standing need second opinion?
my tonsils are swollen and it started with a headache and have some white spots on tonsil. i got a headache then i was cold to the touch and very hot and i still had a headache in the middle of the night and when i woke up my tonsils were swollen it was hard to swallow and i have a lot of mucus coming out of my throat. my tonsils have been swollen ever since i woke up and is still hard to swallow.
i have had lumps and white discoloration on my tongue and coughing up blood?
my vaginal area is swollen and cold/fever like symptoms and facial pain?
what is soft tissue damage and how is it treated? . playing softball yesterday as catcher i reached up to catch the ball. the batter suddenly swung late and hit my left hand/wrist hard. it hurt but i could tell it was not broken. i played the rest of the game and applied ice after the game was over. later i caught  more games. the  game my hand ached but not bad. the  game my hand did not hurt at all. today it aches more in the wrist region than the hand. could it be soft tissue damage or something more serious like a bruised bone?
i have colon cancer stage  i have abdomen pain mri of omentum and lesions of concern?
i have or think i have colorectal cancer when should i contact my doctor?
any way to reduce the effects of my hyperhydrosis? . hello . around a month ago i went to my doctor and after some blood tests he has diagnosed me with hyperhidrosis. after trying a few of the general things to try to help stop the sweating he put me in contact with a thoracic surgeon who has agreed to do an operation to sever the nerves that lead to my arm pits. the problem is i'm a high school student and my sweating is getting increasingly bad my appointment isn't until may  and i was wondering if anyone could help me at least reduce it!
who is at greatest risk for bipolar disorder?
pain lower right side everything comes back norma what to do? . pain lower right side of abdomen nausea loss of appetite pain over week and a half. lost  pounds in week antibiotics taken no relief ct and blood work came back normal and food make me sick
is eating chicken bone bad for our health?
where can i get the cheapest morning after pill since i don't have insurance?
is it safe to have flu and shingles vaccinations at the same time?
i am trying to have abortion  tablets of cytotec enough?
who is making the new recommendations about mammogram screening?
i have itchy skin at the back of my right thigh what kind of skin condition is this?
in a lot of pain. i get to the point were standing up is a problem and laying in bed is extremely uncomfortable?
i failed a urine pregnancy test but it was positive with my saliva. am i pregnant. i had a faint positive on  pregnancy test. then had several negative test. i put one in my mouth and the saliva came out with a positive on the test. is it possible that i am pregnant
i am in a low income base household. . if i can't afford the health care services that are being provided am i going to get into some kind of trouble? what do i do about health insurance if it's too much?
what are the symptoms of migraine headaches?
i have many symptoms: chills shakiness trouble sleeping weakness need second doctor opinion?
what are the symptoms of ringworm of the scalp or beard?
what moisturizer can be used when you use retin-a?
i am in the early stage of my pregnancy. i am taking  of trazodone due to insomnia. can i take this while pregnant.
i took one nyquil because i am not feeling well. can i take my normal dose of ambien?
i have been exposed to whooping cough. how can i tell if my cold symptoms are early stages of whooping cough? . i am  years old. i have had cold symptoms for  days which began as sore throat and developed into nasal congestion runny nose sneezing and coughing. cough is not excessive but makes my head and my ribs hurt. i have not had a fever.
i am a veteran and i obtain all of my healthcare with the local (dallas) va medical center. president obama has said that veterans do not need to be enrolled but i don't believe anything that comes out of his mouth anymore. what's the deal?
could the amoxicillin my nephew just finished taking cause a rash all over his body?
my boy friend had blusters on his penis and now it's painning could this be herpes. after two different sets of blusters he now has pain on the head of his penis and inside has well. he even has a high fever. he did not have the blusters when we had sex but after coming home from work he did. i think he cheated plz i need to no could this be herpes of some other hpv or std
what are the health risks of ulcerative colitis?
i am scared that my ear drums may hurt or puncture while in flight?
what does xr after a medication name mean?
i am suffering from poly cystic ovarian disease?
when should you go to the hospital if you think you have pheumonia. i have a terrible fluid sounding cough but hardly cough up anything. i wheeze really bad most of the time and my lungs hurt. i have hep c and cirrhosis if that makes a difference. i live alone and i can't get in to a doctor before monday. i have cold chills and then sweat like crazy but don't seem to have a fever. nothing tastes good i have aheadache and i am sleeping out of pure exhaustion. can i wait? i almost died of pneumonia several years ago but it isn't that bad yet
i suffer from swelling in the center of my lumbar spine above my buttocks back ache and spine pressure?
what carries viruses that cause viral hemorrhagic fevers?
can i get pregnant if my bf fingered me with some semen on it? . its cold when we do it because of the aircon. i bj him and he cum. when he was about to touch me i take off my short first. and after  days i drunk  ml of beer and the after  day i take  tablets of aspirin  mg. and now i feel like vomiting. am i pregnant? i'm going to have my period next next week
what causes gastroenteritis?
took   of nitrazam about  hours ago afraid of going to hospital?
how long could sperm survive on a hand that has been wiped off but not washed? . if semen ended up on a hand that was then wiped on clothes/sheets (and no longer appeared or felt wet) and then a few minutes later that hand was inserted into a vagina what are the odds that there would be any viable sperm left and there would be any risk of pregnancy?
i m thin small height i m  yrs old bt look  year wgt is  kg found hard  do sex and i wnt  get preg wht shuld ido. i m thin small looking with small height but i m  yrs old but look like  year my weight is also  kg i found hard to do sex and i want to get pregnant what should i do. i feel shy to consult doctor because of my body and height.
what causes celiac disease?
in hospital now for  weeks for bacterial infection hematoma antibiotics not working can you help?
sharp stabbing chest pains on the right side
is it safe to take otc energy pills/supplements if you drink a lot of coffee?
i have anemia! i was diagnosed with pneumonia pain has now moved to my shoulder and ribs is it normal?
is there a general rule to how many drugs you can safely take in combination?
i started dieting now can't stop masturbating. i started a low calorie diet. but halfway through the first day of the diet i got a strong urge to masturbate. the urge has been continuous for days taking up much of my time or distracting me only pausing when i'm exercising or say in an exciting part of an audiobook. i rarely ever masturbated before the diet and when i went off the diet for a day the masturbation ceased returning when i went back on. why is this happening and how do i reduce the urge?
is it possible for the body to reject a knee replacement implant?
what should i do if i have dirrhea with black tar-like stools with horrible odor? . i know that pepto can darken stools but i had just taken it about  minutes before the first black stool.
how should i start an exercise program?
i live on the east coast where deer ticks are a problem. won't bug repellent be enough to ward off the ticks? . i don't want to wear long sleeves and long pants in the summer.
can perioral dermatitis spread on make-up brushes?
is your heart pounding for hours a sign of anxiety attacks?
how do i cure stress and anxiety. ive been extremely stressed out over the situation of a girl and ive even had some anxiety come from it. its been going on for a few months on and off more or less and i want to know how to make it stop
my daughter has a cough for weeks can be violent at times and no other symptoms.  visits to dr office and not better.
could my girlfriend get pregnant if the small amount of semen i had on my hand made contact with the vulva? . me an my girlfriend were performing manual sex and as we are youngish we have decided this is all we would do she performed a handjob on me and i cummed and then about  minutes after i rubbed her clitorus and vulva with my hand which (from what i remember) contained a slight bit of semen do i have a risk of pregnancy? she was not on her period or in the stages of ovulation.
can being outside in cold weather make bronchitis worse?
lump right under jaw about quarter in size showed up hr ago and is growing painfull n soft part of neck. just showed up an hour ago has beeb growing since. it is in the soft part between jaw n neck n the middle. when feeling it it feels like a quarter sized ball. it is painfull to open mouth and touching it it is a burning feeling
what causes lack of keytones in urine and is it normal
when i sit reclined back or lie down on my back or on my right side my leg goes numb from the hip down and causes cramps. im just asking cuz im tired of just sleeping on my left side all the time.
is it possible to leak fluid from my breasts but a pregnancy test says negative? . i have been off the depo shot since april and i have been having extremely irregular periods. i've taken  pregnancy tests both come back negative and am now leaking fluid from my right breast. i am also currently on my period but still am worried about the fluid leaking and the reason why. please help.
have terrible heart palpitations also i sweat constantly
what increases the risk of getting food allergies?
i am on birth control and did not get my period this month. i took a pregnancy test twice and both were negative. my last period was normal and the one before that was extremely light and didn't even last a day. could it just be my pills making me period light? is it possible i didn't get it this month because of my birth control? i have no symptoms of pregnancy other than fatigue.
do undocumented qualify for the insurance? if also unemployed? what will happen in emergency if they don't have one?
is aerobics a good exercise to loose fat in belly?
child was born with enlarged ventricles in her brain?
i had protected sex and i got my period but it randomly stopped. am i pregnant? . he used a condom and pulled out on top of that. my period came on time the day after and it was a normal period so i didn't stress anymore. then the next  days i started overthinking it and my period became lighter and basically stopped. i've done lots of research and it seems like i'm not pregnant and my stopped period is due to stress but i still don't know. i'm scared to take a pregnancy test because i'm afraid my parents will find out. yes i know i'm young but please help.
i have had spine problems since an accident in ?
how can i strengthen my lower back? . i have  degenerative discs   . i get pain going from my lower left side of my back to the toes of my left foot.
what causes chronic flu like symptoms. i feel like i have the flu all of the time. chronic aches and pains feel feverish but do not have a fever. any ideas?
i have anal warts(hpv). they ar very painful bleeding and burning. hurts to go to the bathroom. what should i do?
"left shoulder injury painful when rotated raised and lowered basically used. what is it likily ro be? . while at the gym i was using a machine with  where i pulled the handle ""with my arm straight"" behind me my left shoulder started to pop and grind at the time it was really uncomfortable and not painful. as the workout continued my arm was a lot weaker as soon as i noticed i stoped working out and went to see a medic. after a month off from the gym like directed my shoulder is no better at all probably worse off. hurts to move it basically. they are not sure what it is xray negitive."
my bedtime blood sugar was . this morning it was . what is the normal range? . i ate a burrito tater tots and soft drink at noon yesterday and skipped supper.
is a right aortic arch with vascular ring dangerous in a child. can you provide the answer in lay terms for her father's benefit. we also want to know if it was caused by prenatal drug use by the mother. ps the child is asymptomatic at the present
im feeling discomfort in chest i did ecg and chest x ray all normal?
i had yearly pap yesterday doctor says discharge may be yeasty frightened it is cervical cancer?
i had sex today. he did not cum inside me but that evening i forgot to take my birth control and took it  hours late. i am on an alesse  day pack and take my pill at  pm every evening. my boyfriend and i had sex today at about  pm he did not cum inside me. i forgot to take my pill and took it  hours late so i took  at once. what are my chances of being pregnant?
i am  had tubal ligation  years ago and am  months late could i be pregnant? . my mother did not go in to menopause until her . i have been under a lot of stress for the past two years. stopped taking all medication about  months ago (hbp antidepressant antipsychotic and one for headaches). my periods are irregular only in that they are heavy and painful and a few days off. (not weeks or months). i am scheduled for novasure procedure next week. if i am pregnant it would most likely be ectopic right?
depotshot. i went to the doctor in july to get my shotend of nov i begin to get sore breast consiption white creamy discharger with no odor i haven't being use in conboms n i was late going back to get my shot so i went back dec  n the doctor gave m! e a shot n told me to come back next month to check my breast exam could i be pregnant
i don't have bv yeast tric chlamydia or gonn. i have bad odor irritation clumpy discharge. any ideas on what it might be. tests are negative. sometimes fishy odor sometimes just foul. sometimes discharge is white and sometimes brown.
allergic reaction to food with no breathing problems? . i ate pulled pork bbq. almost immediately my throat started hurting followed by my sinuses starting to hurt. i became very lethargic sensitive to lights and sounds. everything hurt from the neck up. my throat felt swollen face looked slightly swollen. . i went to urgent care and the doctor did not think it was food related because i did not have any breathing problems. strep and flu test came back negative. i was treated with antibiotics and steroids. . could this have been a food reaction?
what does snoring have to do with metabolic syndrome?
if i have my undiagnosed hypertension diagnosed it will become a preexisting condition. why should i have it diagnosed? . in late  always around - lbs at '. semi-active. havent had a checkup in over  years. hypertension has lessened some of what i could do but otherwise i've lived with it just fine. plus i have other medical issues that are more intrusive to my quality of life which will never go away. if i have hypertension diagnosed then it will become a preexisting condition and will cost me  if not  of thousands of dollars in added medical costs during my life.
what causes bipolar disorder?
how can i save money on my health insurance?
can masturbation using a bath faucet be harmful to your clitoris or vagina? . also how often is it normal and healthy to masturbate?
is stammering a genetic problem?
i have had balanitis for  years now what is best treatment?
can my partner of  months get herpes if i have no present out break since? . i was diagnosed with genital herpes in  and had only one visible outbreak since then i have never seen any visible outbreaks or any signs of it. my partner of  months would get it if i never had no outbreaks but had unprotected sex?
i have been nauseous and vomiting for  weeks now. this isn't normal for me. could this be morning sickness?
physical therapy exercises for a rotator cuff injury. i have diagnosed myself with a rotator cuff injury. i have been resting it (for about - months now) hoping it would start feeling better but it hasn't. it doesn't bother me in most day-to-day activities (mostly when showering when i reach for my other arm to wash it and i can't sleep very well on my right side). i'm wondering if someone could recommend some exercises i could do to strengthen my shoulder. thanks!
i'm taking vitamins  c and e to help with lubrication. i'm on birth control& i'm only . how do i increase wetness? . i feel like i should not be having this problem at such a young age. i get turned on but i'm so dry. it's so embarrassing! please please help and soon? any natural tips to help with lubrication? i've been tested and everything is normal for me & std free.
how can i stop sneak eating?
we are not sure about my friend's diagnosis. kindly help.
what are the symptoms of the common cold?
trying to stop effexor but can't. debilitating withdrawal symptoms won't go away. what can i do?
i'm using no scars(hydroquinone tretinoin mometasone) for burn mark will it work and how much time will it take to fade? . hello doctor . i accidentally burnt my face with hot iron one month back initially it developed a brown dry patch which after some time i removed till that stage new skin came and there was no scar however after few days a brown scar is developed on that area. now i have been using no scars cream (hydroquinone trtinoin mometasone) for  days. i want to ask if it is safe to use and will it give results?
how do i care for my mouth guard?
changing jobs. no insurance for . do i have to purchase this until insurance is available?
how much exercise should i do?
what is the outlook for people with heart failure?
i received cortisone shots in my scalp for the purpose of hair growth but the shot left me with hyper pigmentation?
i have joint pain lightheaded feeling headaches neck pain teeth grinding severe social anxiety?
i had a hysterectomy last year. is it possible to contract clamydia? how can i be tested without a cervix?
foods to bring down your blood sugar naturally. i would like to know what foods to eat to bring down my blood sugar naturally. i do not want to take any of the shots as they cause cancer and there is enough cancer in my family line now.
internal chills/jitters throughout my body lasting for at least a minute with stiffness tiredness multipe episodes/day
i am  years old my doctor has confirmed breast nodules. should i worry that my dr. ordered both a mamm and ultrasound? . i have been told the ultrasound is usually ordered based on the mammogram results. i wondered if it was cause for concern that he was shotgunning them both at once same day one after the other.
what is high fructose corn syrup and how does it affect diabetes?
is ear piercing elective surgery
my hubby has severe insomnia and has been taking  mg a night for sleep aid. what is the most that he can take a nite? . i am giving him  mg and  mg sustained release every nite. i saw that he can take up  mg however can he take more then that and still be safe dosage?
i had vaginal bleeding after unprotected sex. is this menstrual or miscarriage bleeding?
bad smelling discharge. urine very bad smelling and dark. headaches no balance sleeping alot/tired no energy. i took  mg of penicillin a day for  days. most symptoms went away. now have mild oder and pasty discharge. i miscarried about a yr ago and didn't seek any medical care. could something be wrong due to the miscarriage?
i suffer from swelling in the center of my lumbar spine above my buttocks back ache and spine pressure?
burning sensation in breast it feels as though it is coming from inside the breast not the surface not painful annoying
is a chalazion like a pimple?
are doctor's required to drug test someone before giving them an rx for vicodin in ny? . is drug testing without patient's knowledge or consent for a rx for vicodin in ny now a allowed by medical professionals?
i have been prescribed euthyrox and dostinex for infertility need second opinion?
hello tonight i went to the bathroom normally to urinate while im going i feel a real warm feeling in the penis while im going. all of a sudden i am finished going and the pee feeling is still there and i don't have to go. sometimes i will go and a little will come out but the peeing feeling remains in the penis when i don't have to go and nothing comes out. i am only  so i would think im to young for prostate problems and the partner i have sex with is a trusting partner who says she has only been with me and which i am sure of and also the last sexual situtation was over a week from when this happened. this has just came out of nowhere and is kind of scaring me. i have no idea what is wrong. why is there a continious feeling that i have to urinate when i do not have to? please help. thank you
could i or the person i'm with be infertile? . i been with my boyfriend for almost  years i'm a college age student and along time ago we discovered i was allergic to latex. anyways i didn't have any form of birth control for like the first two years we were having sex. (now i been on birth control for almost two years now) yes i got tested all the time but never got pregnant. i have regular periods and i been with the same guy all along. i want kids in the future (not right now) so what's the chances of being infertile?
i have  parteners how long should i wait to have unprotected sex with either one before it is safe again? .
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of gani-tuss nr?
my  year old son has some fatty tissue under his right nipple. should i bring him to the doctor? . my  year old son has some fatty tissue under his right nipple. it is swollen to the point that it can be seen. you can also feel a little hardness. should i bring him to the doctor or could it be just a pulled muscle?
is it safe to take a decongestant if i have high blood pressure?
symptoms are similar to angina tests all ok doctors are stumped could it be coronary microvascular disease?
currently i have the pain in the chest and constantly hear the high pitched sound in my right ear?
can you get pregnant after gastric bypass surgery?
how can i get birth control anonymously? i am an adult () but i am too embarassed to ask for it from a doctor. please someone help me. i would like to get birth control but i can't ask my doctor for it i am too embarrassed. i would like to find a way to get it anonymously. i don't want to give my name or answer questions. i am not married. but recently have begun to get involved with someone. i want to have backup incase the condom breaks.
i had a wooden splinter on my left ankle doctor said no tetanus need second doctor opinion
surgery all set to go tomorrow  am. problem i forgot to take the eye drops until  today?
a friend who is a collegiate distance runner has had her second femoral stress fracture. what could be the cause?
what causes obsessive-compulsive disorder?
what are the symptoms of osteoporosis?
is weight loss surgery right for me?
 year olds nose has a bad smell coming fron it
ive had rapid breast growth want breast reduction surgery what age should i typically get this surgery?
my vaginal area is swollen and cold/fever like symptoms and facial pain?
im  years old have a hard time breathing chest hurts and painful migraines?
i have or think i have chickenpox varicella when should i contact my doctor?
how can i be successful with my exercise program?
what is adenopathy?
i used to have trouble with my cheeks getting really red and hot-feeling. i started taking vitamins and it stopped. why?
can i spread warts from one part of my body to another?
can i transmit hpv to my boyfriend through oral sex? . i just found out i have the cancerous strain of hpv. i'm so scared and confused. especially since i havent shared it with my boyfriend. i'm trying to gather as much information as i can before i tell him. also what are his and my chances of developing genital warts knowing that the strain of hpv that i have is the one that could cause cancer? or does that not make a difference? thanks
am blood sugar  - ate water  hamburger patties / c almonds / c cashews / cup plain yogurt next am  how? . i have candida and have been monitoring my blood sugar to ensure it doesn't go too high and further my problems. i don't understand how i can go from blood sugar of  one morning to  the next when i had no more than  carbs all day. please help me understand where i'm making my mistake. . water = carb free.  hamburger patties = (< each). / cup cashews =  carbs. / cup almonds =  carbs.  tblsp plain yogurt =  carbs in a cup
can a cat puncture wound cause cellulitis. can a cat nail puncture wound cause cellulitis
what is my risk for hiv? i am white heterosexual male that had vaginal intercourse with a white female. i am concerned because the condom we were using broke. i immediately felt it break and pulled out and reapplied a brand new condom. the next morning i woke up and i looked down at my penis and the very tip of my penis had some minor abrasions which i did not notice the night before. they were not bleeding or anything just looked like scrapes. so for a few seconds my penis and its abrasions were exposed to vaginal fluids. what is my risk? i have hsv- is it possible these scrapes were from that?
testis of  old is loose and hanging low. my nephew is  old. he is lean but very active. we have seen him prone to illness with sudden climate changes and often term it as low immunity. but this one is very concerning as it is sensitive. my nephew's testis (balls) are very loose and hangs low. his mother is worried if that is a negative indication. but we have not consulted a doctor for a physical checkup. please advice.
i had an ingrown hair on the shaft of my penis i got it out but its not really healing what can i do to help it. its been about  months ive stopped any kind of sexual activity
why is chemotherapy for hepatocellular carcinoma injected into the hepatic artery?
"can staph infections come back? . i had fallen on my knee which swelled tremendously then blistered in a couple of spots. after being admitted to the hospital i was told that i had a staph infection. some of the paperwork mentions ""septic"" is that the same thing. and even though i'm taking   mg. of antibiotics a day can the infection come back?"
husband has been diagnosed w/ibs. it involves diarrhea & sometimes it involves constipation. is this normal?
i get unconscious due to fits what should i do?
i got chicken pox at  old can i still get shingles?
what tests are done to determine the cause of male infertility?
 years old already have  kids can i get a hysterectomy? . i'm  years old i already have  kids and i don't want anymore my period is extremely painful and heavy will a doctor give me a hysterectomy or am i to young?
if you have cold sores can you get mrsa? . i have cold sores on both lips and will be have surgery on the inside of my cheek to have a fatty sacr removed can i get mrsa because of my cold sores?
my husband is lethargic sleeps a lot during the day is losing weight and has no appetite?
i have tooth decay and many fillings from years ago. can tooth whitening help or will it make my teeth look worse?
unwell for about  days sore throat cough pain under right rib spots on hands and feet?
i don't have a fever or a cough. i haven't had a voice for  days what is causing this.
should i g to er for bloody bowel movements. started with. diarrhea vomiting tingling hot and sweaty and then i passed out. had diarrhea for next  hours and then it turned to nothing but blood when i need to have a bowel movement. (ever  min. or so. ) i have been having these blood bowel movements for almost  hours. still have extreme pain in center of my lower abdomen. do i need to go ahead and go to the er
pregnancy tests are negative but am still having pregnancy symptoms. why?
can you get pregnant by rubbibg genitals (skin to skin)? . no penetration happened it was just his penis rubbing against my vagina and clitoris.
does adipex interfere with birth control pills or even make them ineffective? does adipex make you infertile?
if i recently got over colitis should i skip taking the penicillin prescribed for my strep throat which is feeling fine? . i got a colitis infection on / after taking antibiotics to deal with a cyst on my hip. the colitis was treated but i got strep throat  days ago. i was prescribed antibiotics to treat the strep throat including penicillin which states on the bottle that it can cause diarrhea due to colitis. the strep throat is not particularly bothering me right now (my throat feels fine) so i am wondering if i should skip taking the penicillin altogether as i am afraid of risking another colitis infection.
i am  year old boy. height= weight= kg. please suggest a diet or exercise to gain weight. is yoga suitable? . how to overcome the situation of being underweight. is exercise (weight lifting) useful for gaining weight as per my condition. is running any good? what kind of food should i consume.
i have found a large hard lump on the right side of my groin?
what would i be able to do to prevent crohn's disease?
does marijuana (cannabis) smoking hurt your immune system? help. i have hpv and i quit smoking cigarettes but smoking medicinal marijuana helps me in other ways of relaxing and stress which helps the immune system to prevent hpv outbreaks. does cannabis affect your immune system in a negative way?
can a man with hpv transmit the virus by performing oral sex on a woman?
i have a mole on my legs is it a cancerous mole?
i got the depo shot  months ago i have been bleeding since. could the shot be the cause? can i get pregnant now?
can herpes  go unnoticed on an std test? . a year ago i had blood urinary and swab test only to find out i had herpes  and a yeast infection/ uti. i am a male so it was all new to me. after about a year or so i had developed sores under the head of my penis so i went and got a urine/blood test done and was informed that i have herpes . so i am wondering if i could have had it this whole time and it didn't show up before since there were no signs? or if i did in fact recently receive the virus?
my boyfriend has been taking effexor xr for  years and has very bad short-term memory. should i tell his doctor?
my husband has been having pain in his ankles and feet and sometimes the shin area hurts too. any ideas? . i know this is not a diagnosis but you could maybe steer us in a certain direction. where we can maybe figure this out. he does take metaprolol lisinopril and aspirin daily. he describes the pain as tender to the touch and also hurts around the bones and joints. ibuprofen seems to help if taken daily any ideas as to where we might start trying to figure this out? his lab work was good except for a slight sodium deficiency.
scratched my ear opening with a fingernail a few days ago now it's really painful. infection? . i scratched the inner part of the opening to my ear with my fingernail because i was trying to get earwax off the edge about three days ago. it's been hurting more and more to the point where now it's this achy pain and really hurts. touching/laying on it hurts and my jaw/temple around it were sore when i woke up today. it looked a little red around the opening and i couldn't tell if what was in the ear was earwax or not. i'm not sure if i should go see the doctor or if it will go away?
what increases the risk of getting shingles?
do bananas cause constipation?
what can be done when heterotopic ossification breaks off?
my sister is a  year old female. she has had very dark stool along with mucus in it for about a year. she has abdominal pain and has also been feeling very tired and run down. her dr. ran a cbc on her and found that she is severely anemic. she also did a fecal test and found that there is blood in her stool. (she never sees bright red blood though. it is not visible to the eye just very dark stool) they did a small bowel follow through an endoscopy and a colonoscopy and they still have not found anything. her dr. said it didn't show colitis crohns polyps or celiac's disease. but she is still feeling very tired constipated is losing weight very anemic has stomach pain mucus and blood in her stool. they put her on prenatal vitamins for the anemia. they are now going to do a capsule endoscopy to check more of her small intestine. if this was cancer would they have found it by now? what else can she do to test for cancer? blood tests etc? what else could it be?
my left arm biceps started to twitch no solution?
how does emphysema happen?
i have pain in my top right shoulder when im breathing?
is it possible to get pregnant  days after your menstration?
is it oki to eat pepperoni while pregnant?
my face is red all the time. what can i do?
what are the ingredients in sulfamethoxazole trimethoprim
i have  mechanical heart valves. i'm flying for the first time. will there be a problem with the metal detectors. is there anything special i need to do.
been having severe headaches shocking pain down the back part of my head
does taking blood pressure readings with cuff over a shirt create significant errors?
my husband has had gall bladder removal and had a small bowel reduction/crohns. what possible complications towatch for? . the bowel reduction  yrs previous. husband is suffering lack of appetite and low body temp even though he also has diabetes (recent diagnosis) and ms ( year diagnosis) the latter of which usually causes slightly elevated body temp in patient.
had fine needle aspiration- result : i have bone marrow and plasmacytoid cells in neck?
going to the dr seems to give my husband anxiety. would an anti anxiety drug help with this? . he needs a acl surgery. but when going to doctor office his blood pressure rises. it's normal all other times. but they wont do the surgery with the blood pressure. it's only  over . not real high. would an anti anxiety drug help make him calm enough to see a dr for an accurate reading? at home his blood pressure is low to normal. he's . until we can manage this he cannot get the surgery. help please.
is it a problem if i skip a day with my statin? . some times i forget my cholesterol med in the morning so i take it in the afternoon. when that happens do i need to wait  hours til my next dosage or can i resume my prescribed medicine the following morning.
how long does sperm live outside of body. how long does sperm live outside the body. like on clothing and bed sheets.
what is the solution to constipation caused from high blood pressure medication? . i was recently changed from metoprolol to verapamil er . i am miserable from constipation. i keep reading that it is a common side affect but what is the solution for it?
my operated knee is comparatively weak. why?
i have a dry scaly looking rash on my arms neck and mid back. it is really itchy. . i have a dry scaly looking rash on my arms neck and mid back. it is really itchy. on my neck and arms it looks like white spots. on my back it is brown spots.
high blood pressure for at least past week two episodes of blurred vision?
i dont know what to do in this situation of my girlfriend flirting with a customer at her bar. what do i do? . my girlfriend text her customer asking if he was going to come have a drink. he replied only if i can look up your skirt. she text back and said she wasnt wearing one cause it was too cold but that she had plenty of cleavage to look at. what should i do? he is a regular customrr who tips her big so i can see why she played along but that was too far i think and dont know how to handle this situation.
what is the importance of knowing specifics about my menstrual cycle if it's not gynecology apptmt. -infertility issue. okay i have been to the doctor -my gp- for varied reasons. on a few occassions i have been questioned about my menstrual cycle. my question is what does my menstrual cycle status and standing have to do with my present medical condition? . especially if my present medical condition have nothing to do with my pelvic area. . i have even been asked for the specific day that it went off. is this something a doctor needs to know if i am not complaining about my vagina or pelvic area?
what is migraine without aura?
can exercise cause random muscle twitching? . i recently began working out to improve my whole body health. i've been following a beginners exercise program for the last  weeks. within the last few days some of the muscles in my palms as well as my chest and legs have begun twitching at random points through out the day. is this normal?
could stress be responsible for my son's flare-ups of ulcerative colitis?
what otc products are available for getting rid of dark under-eye circles?
does exercise boost serotonin in people with fibromyalgia?
white vaginal discharge with odor but no infection? . i went to the doctor for a uti about a month ago and a yeast infection. all of that was taken care of. then i got  swabs sent to the lab and i have no infection or bacteria problems but i have heavy white discharge and awful odor. what is going on? ! i cant afford the doctors again especially when they just say theres nothing wrong and how can i take care of this smell. i really need a solution asap. thank you!
my iud got displaced and i am late for my periods. does it mean ectopic pregnancy?
is a low-fat diet better for your heart?
why is it that sometimes when i have to pee when i stand up it just pours out and i can't cut it off. i have had two children and have always peed often ever since i was a child but the older i get the worse it gets somtime i don't make it at all.
can hepatitis c be passed from infected parent to unborn child
do i require surgery?
i am  years. type  diabetic for  years.  feet  inches tall and weigh  pounds with a waist of  inches. help. i am moderately sedentary at home and walk some as a security guard at work. i would like to get down to  pounds.
the gums by my wisdom tooth are swollen and in pain. i'm dizzy and nauseous. what might be wrong should i see a doctor? . my wisdom tooth is just in the process of erupting and the dreaded flap of tissue is still there. i believe there might be a infection from bacteria getting caught under that flap of tissue. i'm experiencing nausea ear pain swelling redness pain around the area of the tooth and very bad dizziness. what could be wrong? should i see a doctor now or try and see if it gets better?
i have severe sinus blockages and infection so i am having sinus surgery?
i had sex with my boyfriend friday night but he pulled out but got sperm on my underwear can i get pregnant from that?
i am taking thyronorm for a week again skin allergy started is it the right meds?
one breast pains from the nipple along a red curved line. is it infection early sign of shingles or cancer? . i am  years old not yet in menopause (i think) and  days after menstruation.
lost some hearing (at about %) in my left ear will this become permanent?
how does one get babes?
my pregnancy tests are negative. can i be pregnant after taking i-pill?
do you recommend razors compared to electric shavers one better than the other?
i am in a deep pain and stress due to the lower right rib pain?
can burning sensation of throat occur from acid reflux?
my morning blood sugar avg -. during the day/evening high 's. how do i get my morning readings down?  is . 
 ago a gi said i've a small hiatal hernia but i've vomited everytime i've eaten for . should i be concerned? . i've been vomiting after eating for over . over the course of a day it's ranged from approx. a gallon to a liter. the gi did an upper endoscopy  weeks ago and said i have a small hiatal hernia. they said it is too small for surgery and said that once i get my acid reflux under control it would be easier to live with but as of late i've been felt random bouts of pain when i eat. i feel like someone is punching down right above my stomach. this wasn't happening before the endoscopy.
i had blood drawn today and phlebotomist commented that my blood looked thick. should i be concerned? . i had hysterectomy in . drew blood for ra and ana with routine labs today.
my son is  years old and has been having abnormal blood work for  years now?
if i havent purchased health insurance yet does that mean noone will see my sick child.
my implanon is expired and is still in i am having nausea vomitting mood changes severe migranes cant sleep help. are there any side effect of an expired implanon if it is still inside? if so what are they? could i be having withdrawal symptoms of the medicine in the implanon? should i be worried? my symptoms are severe migraines sleeplessness severe mood changes irregular bleeding nausea vomiting sweat heatwaves at night tiredness.
after i had medical induced coma my health has gone downhill
i have this small bump at the inner corner of my left eye is it cancer?
my urine has a bad smell and is cloudy what can be wrong?
is it wise to get shingles vaccine and flue vaccine at the same time? . my work is offering a shingles vaccine and flu vaccines. they will pay for them. but can i get them both on the same day? would i get really sick? . . . .
swollen lymph nodes? . my  year old son has four swollen lumps on the back of his head one of which has been present for several months and has grown in size in the past few days. for three days he has been very ill with a stable fever loss of appetite and a lack of restful sleep. in the past  hours he has had inconsolable pain/distress. i am between jobs and have no health insurance. i can't pay a doctor's visit but am very worried. does this sound serious enough to take him even if i don't have the money?
i have dark eyelids and a dark circle around my mouth.
is a baby more likely to be colicky with a baby bottle?
can warts occur on the outside of foreskin
my father has heart disease and kidney problems and skin disease?
how are gallstones treated?
is there a remedy for dark skin patch on penis from chronic male yeast infection? . i have been diagnosed with a yeast infection. it has happened twice and now after it has healed there is a patch of dark skin on my penis shaft where the infection was. is there a cure to fix this? please help!
my husband has been pooping blood for a year. he told me that he threw up blood that started red then turned blackish. . what could be going on?
just found out i have hepatitis c?
after icing elbow with what i think is bursitis another lump appears in the forearm (tennis ball size). what is this?
is it normal to have a .  fever at night only four weeks after a total knee replacement? . every night for the last two weeks i have been experiencing body aches all over. when i check my temperature it is from .  to . . i am taking tylenol during the day and i take two doses of  mg each of vicodin at night so i can sleep through the pain. what could be causing the fever/body aches? someone told me it could be a drop in the barometric pressure. i told my surgeon and he said not to worry unless it goes over .
what precautions can i take against sudden infant death syndrome?
what should i ask my doctor if im worried about my child's risk for heart disease?
how to treat erectile dysfunction with low blood pressure. . i. assume that viagra and cialis would not be recommended because they would lower my blood pressure even more? any ideas? note: my low pressure is just below normal and is stable and with no side effects.
could stress be causing my problem of choking when i eat?
my hand went numb today?
can i take midol while taking naproxen and amoxicillin?
can a person get tonsilitis if they nolonger have tonsils. my son had tonsilitis. tonsilitis is a viral infection and does not require an antibiotic. however tonsilitis can be caused by strep which is bacterial which requires an antibiotic. dr did't do a strep test but perscribed an antibiotic. a few days after he got better i developed an extremely sore throat runny nose caughing headache no fever. tonsilitis symptoms. can i get tonsilitis if i had my tonsils removed? if i have a strep infection will my immune system fight it off.
i have bile salt diarrhea after gallbladder surgery and very bad gerd. are there any supplements that will help? enzymes?
i am experiencing a skin rash especially below my eyebrows and near my eye?
i hurt my lower back now i am hunched over and it seems that my ab muscles have changed?
my shoulder pops out and in by itself?
is it safe to use medicine while i am trying to become pregnant?
how do i treat occasional heartburn?
used plan b twice this month. now have vaginal bleeding and lower abdomial pain. not sure whats wrong. any suggestions? . i have had to use plan b twice this month. once for the condom breaking and another for unprotected sexual intercourse. i do have the nuvaring but was waiting for my period to come to insert. i now have vaginal bleeding and lower abdominal pain. i had my regular period about  weeks ago (didnt insert nuva since i had used plan b. was going to wait until next month). i believe it may just be irregular period due to the plan b pill but just wanted an opinion or if i should go to my regular dr.
does aloe vera cure acne. does aloe vera help cure acne and facial break outs?
i live in georgia. i am unemployed and am my -year-old father's caregiver. i do not file taxes. will i qualify for % subsidized health insurance?
i breastfeed my baby worried that my exposure to battery acid may be harmful to me and my baby?
i am a black man with no facial hair. what kind of products can i use to make my face look fresh?
my boyfriend and i noticed that he had a got of wetness on his underwear. can i be pregnant even if he didn't put it in? . my boyfriend and i were messing around a bit but we just kept our underwear on. he and i stopped and we noticed that he had a got of wetness on his underwear. is it possible that i am pregnant even if he didn't put it in?
do low-tech methods such as breast self-exam and a doctor's breast exam help detect breast cancer?
i am in withdrawal – i did all cardiac tests-all normal- bp high?
should i expect to cough up a lot of grey black sputum the year or so after quitting smoking? . this didn't happen 'before' i quit. i smoked for years and years but had stopped at one point and later smoked so little that i didn't bother to quit until last year. . also i'm in hawai'i and we now have a great deal more 'vog' a volcanic haze than we had previously. and i am a medical marijuana smoker have been for years and that has not changed.
is it safe to take  mg tylenol  mg ibuprofen and  mg of aspirin - times a day? . i'm  years old and i've had two strokes. i have pain in my knees lower and upper spine (due to damage) and arthritic pain in various joints. i also tend to get sinus headaches almost daily. in other words i am in constant pain some days (cold & damp) worse than others. my doctor has me taking  mg acetominaphen  mg ibuprofen and  mg aspirin  to  times a day. is this safer than taking  mg vicodin - times a day?
i have hypothyroidism how should i approach pregnancy?
pimple in ear i messed with now my lymph node in my neck below that ear is swollen and hurt what should i do
is it ok to exercise if im sick?
can prostatitis cause burning of the vagina of my partner during ejaculation.
what exams and tests help doctors to evaluate or test people for food allergies?
what treatment is there for hair loss in men?
i have had stomach pain for nine months tests have been done but told nothing wrong am i imaginning the pain? . have had xrays cat scan ultra sound colonostpy and stomach scope
how to you prevent the spread of herpes?
soreness in both my thighs and knees
i have bladder problems difficulty urinating
why do vegetables taste so awful? . if vegetables are so healthy why do they taste so bad? i thought taste was our bodies' natural way of telling us what we should and shouldn't eat. i've always found a majority of vegetables to be unpalatable and try as i might to eat more of them it's a real challenge when i have to force them down my throat. i want to eat healthier but i don't want to constantly be eating things i don't like either.
do my boobs hurt because the nexplanon implant? . and my nipples are purple i'm not pregnant
i cut my finger and may have been exposed to hiv should i be tested?
my period was to be last may  but untill now i havent had for this month i take p. test but its negative. am i pregnant? . my period for the month of april was  to  and i have sex contact on april  and may . until now i havent had my period for the month of may. i take pregnancy test yesterday and its negative. could i be pregnant?
can titty twisters cause cancer?
can hearing my pulse beat in my left ear be tintinitis. all of a sudden i am hearing my pulse beat in my left ear it is quite noticeable and has been going on for about two days
had surgery almost a year ago and im still have problems what should i do? . i had what i was told was a cyst removed from my knee area and that recover time is between -. well not for me i have a hard time walking up and down stairs walking long dist and bending all the way in. also my leg has been swelled up for over a week and red blotches around the area. what do i do it is really starting to hurt more and more. thank u
recently i have chills extreme skin sensitivity in my torso and intense headache. these symptoms have occurred within the last week or so and seem to be getting worse. i am  years old and have had a small hernia in my groin for many years which has recently become larger harder and painful. i know i should see a doctor but i have no health insurance. i want to know if this may be a critical situation. thank you for any help.
itchiness of clitoral area accompanied w/ occasional itchniness of the anus sore linear fissure to side of vaginal lips. sitting for a prolonged period my shorts rode up since i have noticed vaginal discomfort. my clit felt irritated and the day after it was in pain and itchy (and anus). there's a linear fissure it to the side of my vaginal lips toliet paper painful. possible in avoiding my clitoris wiping i made skin raw. towards the top of the lips the whole clitoris area looks white. i applied neosporin to the wounded area and skin that felt irritated cotton underwear loose clothes
how do i know if im pregnant if im only . i have white stuff that comes out of me and im always tired now.
what are the symptoms of bacterial vaginosis?
even though canker sores are most common inside the mouth do they occur on the lip? . my  yr. old son just got over a cold. he had a moderate temp (.  f) & vomitted a few times. doc said rest fluids & tylenol/motrin for the fever as needed. however he has a whitish bump on his lower lip. while it looks like a canker sore i'm not sure since it is not on the inside of his mouth. he doesn't have any risk factors for a cold sore; no exposure to anyone w/ cold sores no close contact or sharing of anything that could transmit the virus and he is obviously not sexually active.
could i be pregnant  years after a tubal ligation? . i had a tubal ligation  years ago i am  now. i had the tubal where they cut out a piece of the tube. i am usually pretty regular in my cycle i am usually around - days. i am now over  weeks late. could i be pregnant? i took a home pregnancy test and it was negative. i have had cramping many days in the last couple of weeks (thinking my period was coming each time but nothing) i have also had mild spotting after intercourse.
what are treatments for non-viral pink eye?
can you get pregnant by wiping yourself with an unwashed hand? . i got prec*m on my hand and wiped it off on a towel. however a few minutes later i forgot about it and went to the bathroom wiping myself (with toilet paper) with the same hand. is it possible to get pregnant this way? my period is over a week late and i am very worried.
what are the pros and cons of using a laser in dentistry?
okay so my dr and ultrasound tech says i'm  and my due date is // and i'm trying to understand the conception. my husband and i were together on the  and the  and  and every calculator i look at says conception date of . and i even counted from the due date back  days.
i got $ bill (cigna ppo insurance paid nothing) for epidural injection for - disc herniation. is it normal cost? . hi there . i have a question if i get a high bill and what can i do about it. thanks in advance. so i have disc herniation in - and was taking a epidural injection from a anesthetist at a surgical center. the block does not reduce too much pain after two weeks; but this is not the question i have here. . today i got the bill of $ (anesthetist $ and surgical center $). this is after the discount with my cigna ppo insurance. to be clear i listed the
i am disabled and uninsured. i get a disability check from social security. . would i be able to get help with my monthly health insurance payment?
i have had balanitis for  years now what is best treatment?
how is hypothyroidism diagnosed?
who is at risk for prostate cancer?
i felt pain around the skin on my vagina. well today i have a lump quarter sized or larger?
can smoking create signs and symptoms that duplicate cancers in adult male genitalia? .  white male who chasing down the cause of signs and symptoms of a cancer for . bleeding after urination frequent sudden sense of urgency to urinate testicular sizes nodule on rt testicle near head of epididymis. and high white cell count. tests: systoscopy ct x-ray testicular us. bladder kidney urinary tract clear prostate slightly enlarged. mass on right testicle(undetermined type att). a friend/urologist suggested that all my issues may actually be smoke related?
what can cause a dull menstrual like cramp pain on right side of pelvic area? . for the past  to  days i have been having a menstrual cramp like pain but it is only on the right side. it is not a severe pain but enough of pain that after  days it has worn me down and made it hard to do anything. i have taken perscription ibprofen i had left from my gallbladder surgery and it doesnt seem to help. if i put a heat pack on the area it helps but as soon as i get up and move around its right back to hurting again. im absolutley miserable. what can cause this?
what is the name of the barium study of the stomach
i want to stop using ativan what should i do?
if a grade three pectoral major rupture is left untreated is that classed as medical negligence?
can i get an opinion on my nose ct scan. i can upload the scan.
what is alpha-tocopherol for parkinson's disease?
i am trying to get pregnant i am not late but my breast are soar am i pregnant. pt said negative should start in  days
does herpes virus cause itchy skin? . i have had the herpes virus  in my system well over  years. most of this time it has been dormant however lately i have been experiencing an outbreak of itchiness on my buttocks to around the sides of my tummy area. i am on a low dose of anti-biotics so it never breaks into blistering however i am now taking  or  pills per day because the itchiness is driving me crazy. it has been constant and non-stop for months.
do fillers work better when used in conjunction with botox?
how are dating relationships affected if a teenager has epilepsy?
my  year old had his first ear infection less than a month ago. our pediatrician says he needs tubes. isn't that early?
the vein in my hand is bruised& swollen  hr after a routine cbc draw. how do i treat?
can you treat ringworm with nystatin ointment?
is coconut oil a good sunscreen?
are high sugar and raised liver enzymes side effects of protonix?
what do warts look like?
are there any sexual postion that you could suggest that are less painful for chronic neck and back pain? . i do not move around too well walking is even sometimes very difficult. we are not having sex too often because he can see the pain it causes me. i need to find a position that is comfortable for me that will not put pressure or weight on my neck or back. i cannot lean on my side because that also causes pain. please give me suggestions so we could have our sex life back again and build the intimacy back we once had. (i have fibromyalgia. )(i am a female. ). thank you!
i have been having pain behind and above my right eye for  to  days now?
what's the best skin care for my aging less elastic skin?
cough chest at neck hurts breathing in stuffy runny nose sorethroat temp> on  week no insurance do i need er. it doesnt hurt deep in chest just right at top of chest below neck when i breathe in. coughs are strained hard painful unproductive. hoarse voice. im in  week of having this. body's sore from coughing. ive taken nyquil and dayquil tablets. i also got some otc cheratussin yesterday morning but cough is still harsh and unproductive. i'm so sick. i have no insurance no money and i cannot miss work although i'm off until saturday. should i got to the er? what do i likely have going on?
can honey make your eye get lighter and what are the side effects?
have vaginal discharge and pain gynecologist doesnt believe staph infection what do i do next?
i have been experiencing sharp pain in the mid point of my back right next to my spine?
are there certain foods i should and should not eat right before i exercise?
could my girlfriend be infertile. we have been trying for  months. she believes shes incapable of conceiving. no one in her family is infertile. on average we have vaginal sexual intercourse about - times a week. . the year prior we dated she would use drugs such as marijuana  (pills) cocaine and heroine (never injected). i don't know if she was a heavy or light user. she drinks/smokes at our family/friends gatherings about - beers and cigarettes. i was thinking of using the placebo method. she also has vaginitis.
what is the main reason for hair loss in women at ? . i've been taking buspirone for several years. i started trying to wing myself off of it and experienced substantial hair loss. is this a common side effect?
i have an uncomfortable feeling in my stomach on a daily basis now. i will feel full for no reason?
husband legally smokes marijuana daily for anxiety disorder and i'm pregnant. i am about  or  months pregnant. my husband smokes marijuana daily about  times a day. he never smokes around me he always smokes in the bathroom w/ a fan on the window and blows it out. i am always in the bedroom with the door closed when he smokes. i never smell it in the bedroom so is this safe precautions on my part or is this affecting my baby? also sometimes when hes done smoking i have to use the restroom and i can smell the reminisce of the marijuana; can this affect baby?
i'm breastfeeding and i had to take mucinex it dried up my breast milk. what am i supposed to do to produce more milk. my wife and i just recently and a baby shortly after she had came down with the flu. her doctor had her taking mucinex told her to pump and dump. she has been off it for a little over a week now and she still is not producing alot of milk. before mucinex she produced -/ bottles every time she pumped and now she is lucky to produce half a bottle everytime she pumps. is there anything she/we can do to help her produce more milk?
off and on cobweb feeling in head nagging urge to move it. have seasonal allergies deviated septum. maybe related? . off and on my head feels almost as if it's full of cobwebs and i have a nagging but not urgent need to jerk or move it around for relief. i also suffer from seasonal allergies and have had a cold. i have a deviated septum making it near impossible to properly blow my nose. i don't know how much of a buildup of mucus this may lead to. i'm unaware if any of these things are related at all but it is all i have to go on. pinched nerves sometimes in neck. don't know if any of this helps. any ideas?
im have hypothyroidism and losing my hair?
terrible itching with rabeprazole. started  mg rabeprazole for gerd -/ weeks ago. severe itching and redness began at  days after starting. i discontinued today. how long before itching stops?
can too much alcohol cause hemochromatosis?
is it serious when a child gets a rash with a cold? . my son got it first but only got the rash at bedtime we treated it with hydrocortizone cream. my daughter has 'the same cold' but got the rash last night and it only goes away when we give her benidryl (sp). should i go to the hospital or keep treating her at homer? she moves around like nothing is wrong when she has tylenol and benadryl.
i had chicken pox at the age of  and then at the age of  i had shingles can i get shingles again once i had it?
i had a contraceptive implant put in a week and a half ago and have constant bleeding since?
whole brain radiotherapy is useless?
my skin sometimes burns from sweat where there is constant skin on skin. the affected areas are my privates the very top of my legs and under my boobs. it is intermittent but painful.
i have hashimotos. am i going to have heart problems within few years?
what are the symptoms of osteoarthritis?
on synthroid for  yrs. when i start losing weight on diet my levels change & have to increase dose. why & what to do?
how does a messy bedroom affect my sleep?
can u get pregnant on the pill? . i have been taking the pill for  months now and my last peroid wasnt really a period. i bled for maybe  minutes a day for  days. could i be pregnant? i just started feeling nausea and im hungry but when i start eating i feel like i cant eat
my due date is november   when did i likely become pregnant/ have sex to become pregnant? . im wondering because im trying to start a baby book and want to get as close to possible.
which cooking oil should a diabetic use?
my son has adhd allergies and colon issues. he is often sick but doctors dont seem to be concerned?
im a blood type my mother is o- and my sister is o- and the guy i was told that was my father is o- is it possible
i think i have a stomach virus? i havent been able to eat for days and it's been causing headache and i am always tired. i woke up one morning with a stomache ache. i tried to eat something but the smell of food made me want to puke so i didnt eat and i didnt eat for the reast of that day. for the past three days now i still havent been able to eat. the only thing i can get myself to eat is ice cream because it doesnt have a smell. i tried crakers but once i tasted them i felt sick again. i have had a headache ever since and heve been really tired. what sould i do?
i have ed and pass few months unrinal incontience andwet bed. i have heart problems high blood pressure pvod. on many meds. is there relationship between ed and urinary incontience
is sepsis contagious?
my  year old was bitten by tick behind the ear and now her lympnoyd is swollen. should i worry? no fever and no pain
ive had blood in my sperm for about a month and a half with no discomfort. does this mean ii cannot impregnate my wife?
what conditions does cold treat?
what are the types of epilepsy surgery?
how are x-rays used to detect bone fractures?
is sleepy time tea safe to drink during pregnancy? are there any other suggestions to help with sleeping?
my wife and i are the sole stockholders of a sub s corporation. . we presently have health insurance not through or by the corporation. should we consider getting our insurance via the corporation? the profits of the corporation are divided up between dividends and wages. dividends are paid on  form/ quarterly. wages are submitted by w- end of year.
i had a surgical abortion i have concerns about my future fertility?
what is the common cold and what causes it?
is benign prostatic hyperplasia (bph) a type of cancer?
stomach ache for the past week? . for the past week i've been waking up to an upset stomach. it isn't a nauseous or i'm going to throw up upset stomach just achy then turns to hunger pains and goes away when i eat something. i'm on birth control and my boyfriend and i always use a condom and my period came at the expected day and lasted the normal amount of days. what could be causing the upset stomach?
what are bed bugs? what do bed bugs look like?
can you tell me what this result means? bun/creatinine ratio  reference range: -
are there alternative solutions for heartburn like phenol (ph) oil or baking soda?
<link> lyt derma reviews possibly can buy a few these kind of removes individually from on the net plant based stores or you can purchase any pores and skin lightening cream which contains a mix of these kind of. e. <link>
what are prophylactic medications for migraine headaches?
could i still be pregnant. i had sex with a friend  day before my fertile window. my period ended may  and fertile window starts may . and i'm  days late for my period and a took  pregnancy test on missed period day  and they was negative. i felt like crap for a few days but i think it was because stress. today is day  and i still haven't started i had a little bit of brown dicharge but i tested again as soon as i woke up this morning and negative so should i be worried?
can i still get pregnant even if i am taking a birth control pill (lactating pill)?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of adderall?
what are some examples of a food's glycemic index (gi)?
should i be concerned with a bubbling or gurgling sound in my chest after i am done coughing? . i have been sick for the past  days with intermittent fever and mucus after coughing. now i am starting to hear some gurgeling or bubbling sound after coughing as well. this is a first for me.
i have relatively high fever with cough and rash in throat?
are shingles spread just by being in the same room as someone who has it
i have moles on my face and i would love to have them removed. will this leave scars?
is seroquel used for sleep or bipolar disorder?
why is sex so painful and then i start to bleed? . i have had blood in my urine for a while now and sex has been very painful for about a year. i have seen my gyn several times and he removed a few polops on my uterus. i don't seem to be able to find out what is causing the bleeding and pain though. had surgery and still have the bleeding and sex is unbarable. can you help me?
are people who carry the hepatitis b virus but who do not have liver disease or hepatitis at risk for liver cancer?
my wrinkles are deep in the folds of my arms and my arms have a crinkly appearance. what is the best thing to do?
"unprotected sex / ""menstrual"" started / feeling pregnancy symptoms. should i be able to tell by now if pregnant? . have taken home pregnancy tests and all are negative. is it too soon to know?"
at  i have nasolabial creases worse than friends  years older. what are the least invasive lowest-risk options?
what are the chances of getting pregnant with adenomyosis. i have never been pregnant before and i am . i would like to know the odds of getting pregnant with this condition.
are baby carrots (pre-washed mini carrots you can get by the bag at the grocery store) bad for you?
 year old child loses conscious every - minutes and losing sensation on side of body?
what causes priapism?
what is eczema? is it curable.? . since  dr. gordshell's skin cream has helped those suffering from boils eczema pain razor bumps and so much more. <link>
i used to saw people listen voices and got very angry left my job for  years. but then i started relaxing and all such things disappeared. my consulted a doctor for stomach problem he advised my to consult a psychiatrist. psychiatrist prescribed my donresp for  months pinyin for one month aripip for one month. another psychiatrist says i have to take medicines for five years. now donresp will be  mg in morning and  tablets of  mg in night. previously it was  mg in morning and  mg in night. i consulted  psychiatrist. he said as now you don't see things and there are no symptoms therefore you take aripip  mg as prescribed a day. what's the matter. i am feeling fine. should i take medication? what can be other matters which are necessary to live in a society?
what should i look for when looking for a neurologist? . there are so many to choose from with so many different credentials and certification. i started having dizzy spells that feel as if i am on a boat with some confusion at times. i have been told it is migraines and partial seizures. i have no pain and have never had a seizure that i know of. the dizzy spells seem to be more frequent and are very bothersome. i have a complete cardiac work up and diabetic blood work checked all turned out good.
"is it normal for my boyfriends balls to be small? . okay my boyfriend is still a virgin he's almost   and his penis is not on the small side. but i'm still not understanding why his balls are small. is it because he's a virgin? i don't want to ask him and hurt his feelings or crush his ""manhood. "" help!"
does a persons gender play a role in a persons ph balance? . do males and females have different ph balance?
i have or think i have genital herpes when should i contact my doctor?
i'm on medicare and blue shield of ca. right now i spend almost $ a month on that plus rx plan. . i live on social security and am afraid the cost will go up. i don't want to change doctors but don't know what to do.
i have diarrhea and found lumps on rectal area?
if only one has it they are using two condoms during intercourse is there still lots of risk involved?
my wifes upper thighs turned purple all blood tests are ok?
ive been coughing up blood today?
i have condyloma inside the tract of my penis about an inch from the opening. i've used a caterer an inserted it inside the penis tract to open it since it restricts my urine flow. a week or two later i have to repeat the process. is there anything i can used besides surgery to kill the virus.
my father has had many rounds of chemo for colon cancer and is now filling up with fluid. is there anything we can do?
i just find out by a x ray i have  stables inside of me is it normal after surgery?
i have been having bouts of severe stomach pain?
hello is franzia blush wine high in cholestrol?
does oxycontin contain sulfa?
can hepatitis c be transmitted by some ones sweat
my stomach has gotten really large over the last several months. i exercise / times a week but i look as if i am  mo pergant it seems to be getting larger daily. i am concerned. i have had a large stomach most of my adult life but not this size. help. .
can using tampons spread herpes inside uterus
what are chemical burns?
what do hives (urticaria) look like?
are allergy shots effective in preventing or decreasing food allergy?
i had a cyst removed on my neck i was diagnosed with a c diff infection
can asthma get worse? . i've had asthma since i was fairly young and it went away for awhile but has been coming back and it's getting worse and worse. it's painful to breath sometimes and it's always shallow. could it be something other than asthma now?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of magtab?
how can i get the confidence to make myself healthier and fit? . i am a die hard procrastinating chocolate loving fiend with two kids under two. my esteem confidence and emotions have been at rock bottom for some time. i have no problem with motivation while working out. in fact i exercise so hard it feels like the pressure from my blood is gonna cause my teeth to explode. why can't i seem to get a grip? i am not asking for a pat on my deriere or a shoulder to cry on. maybe an unconventional method perhaps?
is there a solution for the inability to maintain an erection and delayed ejaculation? . i am unable to maintain an erection and can't ejaculate from oral or vaginal stimulation. the only time i can ejaculate is when i'm masturbating alone and it takes a long time at least an hour. i am taking viagra and it allows me to get and maintain an erection but i am still experiencing the delayed ejaculation and inability to ejaculate during intercourse. i am taking prozac wellbutrin and suboxone and i smoke a pack of cigarettes every day. i abused drugs in the past. thanks!
 year old has cyst on ovary any alternative to surgery?
i have lower back dull pain on right side of spine close to -?
what will happen if a teenager with braces misses his periodic checkup or evaluation for  months?
i am male born in (). my height is  i wanna grow atleast . is that possible for me if yes than please tell? . my father and younger brother having height of around . my mother is having height of .
is it alright to take medication with soda?
i am  days late for my monthly period. ive taken a couple of hpt (home pregnancy tests) but all came back negative.
can my friend take ecstasy in one week after having tetanous and rabies shot? . my friend has got bitten by a cat. he had to have tetanus and rabies vaccines. the doctor told him not to drink alcohol for  months. but the question is can he take ecstasy pills during this  months? he has some reasons for this.
our fertility doctor suggests an ultrasound abdominal vessels procedure need second doctor opinion?
i'm only  but afraid of heart disease. my blood pressure is often too high at the doctor's office. what can i do?
can athlete's foot spray be used for jock itch? no where on the can does it mention additional treatment for jock itch. cans for both athlete's foot and jock itch have the same active ingredient (tolnaftate) but neither refers to the other as being ok for treatment. why is this?
what are some symptoms a cancer patient may have if they have an infection?
it was recently discovered that i have a large cyst with stems on my right ovary. other than surgery is there any other remedy?
diagnosed and treated for hyospadus experiencing severe pain and difficulty urinating?
my daughters hemoglobin is low but her iron is high doctor thinks they are fighting each other?
i've had white noise (with corresponding hearing loss) in my left ear for  months. what causes it and can it be fixed. i have had an mri -- negative for tumor ms or anything else that might be causing it.
what is hypothyroidism?
can camphor phenique cream applied to the eye ball damage the eye ball? . camphor phenique cream was mistaken for a tube of prescribed eye ointment and placed in the eye. it was washed out as soon as the pain started and medical attention was sought. however it feels like something is under the eyelid and it is still quite red and swollen and vision is blurry. i'm concerned i have chemically burned my eye and my vision will be impaired.
"when i sleep on my back as i fall asleep i stop breathing. is this normal? . after i stop breathing i jolt up turn on my side and can then fall asleep. it concerns me that my lung muscles are not strong enough to breath while i'm laying on my back but perhaps it's normal. i'm ' ""  lbs and exercise daily (run lift weights sports) and am ."
is there any way to speed up a cold once you feel one coming on?
i have been extremely fatigued with headaches and severe nausea coming in waves?
boyfriend has unusual signs of an std. what is the problem? . we have been dating for  months. i tested negative for all stds  months ago and have never had one. tonight my boyfriend had a little pus in his penis some burning and itching. we both haven't had any other partners in the last  months.
 years old i was feeling lumpy both my epidiymis and now i feel my left testicle lump it's definitely inside not the surface lump goas some times and it's not pain it's near the epidiymis where i feel the lump and i have still small lumps my both epidiymis what is that
i have a bulged disc in my back. lumbar region  and  i dont know what to do anymore?
what happens to a healthy fetus when the mother has a molar pregnancy
can you mix ibuprofen and excedrin for pain relief?
can i take fish oil supplements while taking the antidepressant parnate (maoi)?
i was diagnosed with shingles with no oubreak. i am still in alot of pain. it's been  mos how much longer w/pain? . i have had an mri blood work and was on valtrex  days after pain started and never had an outbreak. i am on gabapentin and don't think it is helping but am taking it anyway. ice helps and is soothing. how much longer am i going to endure this pain? it's excruciating stabbing itching burning all on the left side. please help!
does smoking marijuana make a person with acne problem worse
diagnosed with common variable immune deficiency (cvid) recurrent pneumonia and jaundice what are consequences?
couple days ago i had a burning sensation in my groan area on left side now it is going down my leg.
i recently starting taking cymbalta for anxiety and every time i stand my head throbs like when your sick. is this okay? . i have only been taking cymbalta for two days now. immediately i felt this problem though. the day that i received the medicine i took it about mid-day later that evening is when i began to feel the head throbbing as i stood. i was on lexapro and i didnt have this side effect before that i tried celexa and had the same problem. its a throbbing pounding that last for a few seconds the same way your head pounds when your sick and you stand up. should i go back to the doctor or wait it out?
i get a terrible pain in the bottom outside part of my feet after only a short time of exercise what could i do for it? . it starts right below my pinkie toe and goes almost to my heel. the right foot is extremely painful after only a few minutes of walking running or the elliptical the left hurts a little less and takes longer to feel it. i've tried a bunch of different shoes and it doesn't matter what the terrain is (road dirt carpet etc) i really want to do cardio but can't because i have to stop every  minutes because of the pain. when i feel the bottom i can't feel anything wrong. any help is appreciated
how does whooping cough spread?
my belly button is producing some discharge its sticky and clear with a yellow tint?
i miserably fell down on my left elbow about  months ago. of late i feel pain in the nerves in my left elbow
my internist has me on   iu of vitamin d per week. would you know of any reason to prescribe this amount?
can you help me read my mri arthrogram?
when should i use a professional clinic for my post-op recovery?
how do i stay motivated with my diet when i see no change at all in my waistline? . i've been trying to lose weight for about two years now. i thought i'd see a noticable difference when i went from drinking - cans of soda a day to one (and sometimes none) but no difference at all. i started doing pilates. no difference. two days of strength trainging. no change. added a cardio day. no difference. cut portion sizes in half (except for my fruits and veggies) no difference. i don't look better i certainly don't feel better and now i'm hungry all the time.
what if anything is being done to address the issue of many doctors opting out of medicare? . and why shouldn't the patient who is paying for medicare at least be able to recoup from medicare what medicare would have paid the doctor if he/she had continued as a participating physician? four of my physicians have opted out of medicare. mostly the only doctors that participate are employed at hospitals. i currently have medicare and a medigap policy through my former employer for drugs and certain procedures not covered by medicare.
can maleria symptoms reoccur. i contracted two bouts of malaria whilst working in africa in . since then i have noticed similar signs and symptoms reoccur around every three months is it possible that this is a reoccurrence of malaria at some level. i have been told that this is not possible however i am not convinced.
two years ago i was diagnosed with colon cancer?
small thrombus in distal right pulmonary artery should i start taking xarelto (rivaroxaban)?
what can i take for my stomach burning from pancreatitis. i have been diagnose wit paccertitus and i have took all the medicine the doctors gave me but my stomach still burns and hurts so bad what can i do?
what are the things that i can do to recover more quickly from cosmetic surgery?
what causes a low white blood cell count?
daughter is in alcohol rehab for  days and just learned she's  weeks pregnant. worried about effects of meds on baby
my hands are shaking cant write voice shivering please help me?
my dentist is offering botox. how do i know if my dentist really knows what he is doing? . my dentist is cheaper than the dermatologist i went to before. so won't it be okay to use my dentist? i want to save money.
what kind of diet would you say is best for a -year-old man with gallbladder cancer?
how to lose weight with beauty equipment. how about chinese equipment i see a web about beauty salon equipment i can believe it?
i had an allergic reaction while taking a shower i am not allergic to anything or any medication?
should medical marijuana be used to treat anxiety disorder
i had mri showed advanced intracranial atrophy is it too soon to have another mri?
late period two months in a row what's going on? . i have been like a clock every - days i get my period for as long as i can remember. but last month i started getting nauseous and smells were bothering me. and then my period was late so i took a couple tests both were negative. after being two weeks late my period came. this month i'm late again what's going on?
i have all the classic signs of hypothyroidism but lab results normal. where to go from here?
why are steroids injected?
is rosiola a type of molluscum?
can seizures be related to chronic sinusitis?
is there a cure for manic-depression? . besides controlling it's effects with medication on daily basis.
why was i prescribed with folic acid glycomet and oosure for delayed period?
several months ago my lower left leg (shin area) began to hurt?
can weak liver cause shingles or herpes?
used condom pulled out plus plan b; chances of pregnancy? . my ex and i had sex i used a condom and i also pulled out (checked for hole using water none). i got a panic attack (i have anxiety problems) and she took planb an hour after. a week after this she got her period. we broke up during her period and i'm sketched that i couldve gotten her pregnant. she's dating someone now; i just don't want her to get knocked up by someone else and say that i got her pregnant. so please tell me i'm being an idiot and have nothing to worry about.
how long after ejaculation does it take to become erect?
what exercises can a person do after anterior cervical disc fusion surgery?
doctor has advised me to do mesenchymal stem cell transplant need second opinion?
i got  wisdom teeth removed  days ago. i woke freezing cold then got really hot and nauseated. what's wrong with me? . i'm nauseated. i cant call my dental surgeon because they're closed today. i cant move it's so painful. very light-headed. i'm shaking.
i am in the mid twenties never had morning erection genitals look like that of a child?
i have pain around my pelvic area when having sex during my ovulation period only. what could be happning to me?
if you think you have endometriosis should you have a pap smear as a virgin?
do i need to go to a dr when sty is on inside of lower eyelid not outside?
after kidney transplant water retension is still a problem from high bloodpressure what are the affects?
on oct  i had some dark discharge then a somewhat normal period. last night i started bleeding again. why would it b
my daughter is  i think she has a uti she has blood in urine. i came home from work and my daughter went to the bathroom  times the first time she said she had to poop and it hurt i didnt understand what she ment so i took her to the bathroom and she had blood in her urine and it was cloudy i wasnt sure if i should take her to the er do to its  in the morning she also has a fever and has a cough for  days
i have suffered from severe headaches and migraines for years?
what causes a sudden onset of vertigo while lying down or turning while lying down? . within the last two weeks i have begun to experience sudden vertigo while lying down or just turning while lying down if i try to stand up i am completely disoriented. i do not understand what is causing this i am not on any medication don't drink or smoke. what could be causing this?
i am post menopausal and suffer depression side effects from hrt. if i exercise and eat healthy instead is that enough?
what is a paraesophageal hernia?
i had dengue fever feel numbness losing my vision broke into cold sweat?
ive been on birth control for  months still no period and have sex without condom regularly. pregnancy test say neg. sore boobs stomach cramps headaches nausea and body spasms regularly
can i send x-ray/mri's of my - condition to a doctor for a second opionion over the internet? images are on my comp. i have a lumbar spine issue due to ligament elasticity and a herniation of the disc. i have copies of the xray and mri images on my computer. is there a way to send the images to spine doctors to get there opinions on the case?
what herbal or other alternative medicine treatments are used for prostate cancer?
can cpap cause tinnitus and motion sickness?
urine looks the same but smells different? std? . i never experienced any strange discharge but did feel experience a slight burning sensation while urinating. this disappeared after a week. the color of the urine seems normal and a transparent light/medium yellow. the only thing that seems strange is the smell. it is only noticeable during urination. the smell does not linger or become unbearable but does smell different. this has been happening for the last couple of months. could i have a std even without discharge warts or fever?
are raisins bad for you if you are diabetic?
to my horror i am now developing spider veins on my cheeks
i am pregnant how long should i wait after i stop taking valtrex to nurse?
im . i've severe pain sp backache ' f fever and little bit blocked nose. shivering fever at night. what's my prob? . name: osama siddiqui. if take  tabs of panadol which reduces fever but again it starts
i have been having a lot of pelvic pain over the last . i have had two c-sections and have pcos?
i sliced the corner tip of my index finger off?
what reason is my glans and penis have erythema and blisters after having sex with my wife? . when i used condom there is no problem. i feel a bit itchy and uncomfortable.
i have never had a nosebleed in my life but recently had  in a  / week period. should i be concerned? i am . only the left nostril they stop within a few minutes no other symptoms.
"can hemorroids cause blood on toilet paper not only from my anus but also from farther up the ""crack"" several inches"
a pimple on inner side of penis tip after sexual intercourse can it be std? . hi . i am male  years old five days ago i woke up with small pimple on tip of my penis on inner side and later that day whitish discharge initially there was slight pain in peeing however now there is only redness in that area and slight pain in left testicle. night before that i was involved in sexual intercourse with a girl and condom was used. i am not sure if this could be any kind of std or just small cut which caused a pimple there and can it lead to urinary track infection.
i have a burning pain in pelvic lower abdomen & intestines?
what increases the risk of getting crohns disease?
i have cognitive impairment. can i get dementia as a young adult?
i'm experiencing mood swings stress resstlessness tiredness sadnes and lack of motivation. whats going on? .  year old male was sad and tired all winter maybe seasonal affective dissorder. but when spring came i started feeling more stress restlessness and terrible mood swings. get extremely sad suddenly once or twice a day.
what are some arm exercises for muscle strain.
itching that spread over my leg. it has been a year and has gotten worse?
i had rotatory cuff surgery and it locks up on me?
painful nodule on bottom of foot two more now any type of stretching causes excruciating pain?
i had a epidural for pain today in my lumbar i have started to feel worse?
last  year i do more mestrobation abt   time a day and my hair loss so much plz help me wait  age  plz help me. age . wait 
my dad suffering from hepatocellular carcinoma doc prescribed sorafenib tablets. is it gonna work?
what are the steps for weaning off diabetes medication?
i have pain and limited movement along right body side?
i have extreme inner ear pain no solution from my doctors need help?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of a- lice treatment?
a dds told me that i needed my tooth reconstruction after i entered my delta dental insurance data on new patient form. the second dds told me that i did not need reconstruction after checking my tooth and all of dental x-rays. both dds have + years dental experience as a dds and both were graduated from good dental school and have teeth implant licenses. the second dds also told me that the dental school professors taught their students should not harm the patient's healthy tooth.
what causes hair loss?
are warts contagious after removal? . doctor removed it today by peeling/cutting it. (chemical peel). prescribed me to a one week medicine to put on it. will it continue to be contagious and spread throughtout my foot or to other people after the surgery.
is high blood pressure controllable? . new dot requirements require blood pressure be under a certain number. (/) i want to know if high blood pressure is controllable thru medicine diet and exercise. is it up to the individual to abide by requirement to control blood pressure or is it complete out of the control of the person? what makes the determination that it is untreatable?
as a nj resident will i be covered for services/hospitalizations in other states?
is there a drug to strengthen the bladder muscle
is it dangerous for my infant grandchild to be exposed to shingles?
how many kinds of viral hepatitis are there?
what other options do i have for hair loss?
but what can i do if the signs in pregnant are in me?
dr. said that quantity of semen improve over  months but not quality. is there any hope of pregnancy? . when to the doctor  months ago after trying to get pregnant. it was discovered that poor quality and quantity was the issue. i eat healthy exercise most morning and drink average amount of water. .  months later after trying wellman contraceptive the quantity of semen improved but not the quality. therefore still disappointed with the news and outcome. is there any hope?
my boyfriend has a rash on his arm that is spreading that is itchy and burning? what could it be? . he did inform that he had someone who has the same or looks like the same kind of rash wash his clothes. and when he got them back was when the flare up occurred. he has been putting calamine lotion and hydrocortisone cream on the area but it doesn't seem to be helping. he is also in an environment where there is no air and he is constantly hot and sweaty.
safe frequency of masturbation? concerned about physical aspects of masturbation frequency due to age/diabetes. based in india i am a  yr old healthy diabetic male been masturbating since age  +sexual contacts with females healthy outlook for sex with no guilt or psychological issues. have ed problem due to diabetes/medication and masturbate / times/week no issues with heart kidney liver gastro std as yet no side effects except high bp mild prostate problem. presently on medication for bp/diabetes. my question:for my condition what is the safe frequency of masturbation & whether it is good for heart.
how can i get my husband to quit smoking now that i am pregnant? . we were both smokers before i got pregnant and when we found out i quit cold turkey but he has no desire to quit and it is very important to me because i don't want him to be smoking after the baby is born and i don't want to start smoking again either which i know will be much harder if he doesn't quit as well. i have told him very many reasons to quit but he just says he is a man and can make his own decisions and he is a smoker. he gives me many excuses i dont know what to do!
had a transvaginal ultrasound done dont see fetal pole is it normal?
what are the symptoms of crohn's disease?
how long does it take for the oral contraceptive to get out of my system? is it possible to have side effects after  yrs. i have been on sprintec for  yrs. i'm stopping cold turkey due to some other health issues i am experiencing. i am not sure if it is related to the sprintec or not so i am experimenting with it. on the website for sprintec birth control there are a list of side effects that i am currently dealing with. but is it possible to experience them now after being on it for three years and not having any problems?
i suffer sleep deprivation through what appears to be electromagnetic sensations?
my husband can use the va for his health care needs but i am unemployed and have no health insurance. he started a new job and next month can get insurance through them. which is best: him using the va and me trying to get a policy on my own or should we carry it through his job for both of us?
can a former heart attack ( yrs. ago) cause an abnormally on ekg when taking a stress test?
should i tell my fellow dancers i have ringworm?
what oral contraceptives are likely to cause less weight gain?
bleeding from anus blood in urine pain in lower back
i don't have any medical insurance. is there a cheap quick test that i can take to determine if this is my problem? . my headaches are there as soon as i wake up. i take  -  excedrines to get them to stop. i have been recently diagnosed with congestive heart failure and high blood pressure. i've been losing a lot of hair for the past  years. eye sight is continually worsening since i turned . the only medical condition i have had is chronic sinusitis since childhood.
sharp stabbing pain upper right abdomen with swollen hard stomach?
 or  days before period due date when a women starts feeling pms doing unprotective sex can cause pregnancy?
i am facing a laparoscopic mastectomy can this surgery be done without taking lapron?
i have had irregular periods for the past  months terrible headaches weight gain nausea / and fainting. i can't sleep because of the nausea. doctors have run thyroid tests and said they came back normal told me to eat healthy and exercise. i do intense cardio for an hour four times a week and lift two days a week. i do not know what else to do but am in so much pain. please help.
can bacterial vaginosis come back after getting treated?
i have been on my new pill pack for  days. if i stop taking them will i get my period? . ive been on the pill around  months however last month i forgot a few its been the same this month too so i have a doctors appointment for later to discuss getting the implant as i always forget the pill! (im on the fourth pill of this pack).  days ago i had sex - he used a condom and said it didn't split or anything. . i want my period to come so that i can get the implant should i completely stop taking the pills? . or finish the pack which is about  more? . how do i ensure i wont get pregnant?
today i accidentally drank out of someone else's soda bottle. should i be worried about getting any kind of diseases? . i am really worried about getting something because i barely know this person. any help would be greatly appreciated.
effectiveness of birth control? . my girlfriend ( years old) takes her pill exactly on time every single day (within  minutes of her : time never any later). we have unprotected sex (we have already been tested and have no worry of stds) and i ejaculate inside of her. although she takes her pill exactly on time every single day is there a chance that she could become pregnant?
my daughter cries after and sometimes while eating?
what causes brain tumors?
why should we avoid oral contraceptive pills after  years?
what other conditions can cause dementia?
i have a porcelain veneer bridgework and one crown. can they be damaged by over-the-counter whitening products?
do i have cushings syndrome?
where can i go for help for bipolar disorder?
i was given an iv incorrectly in the er which gave me superficial thrombophlebitis?
what allergy medications are safe when i already take norvasc for my blood pressure?
which is the best herbal solution for men's fertility enhancing? . the number of couples unable to conceive is gradually increasing and most of the cases are due to infertility in the male partner. according to traditional herbal literature this herb is an adaptogen? . this means that adaptogens are very effective in terms of overcoming stress as well as stress-induced reactions.
what are the prices going to be for the bronze silver gold and platinum health insurance plans in the marketplace?
can i have a pelvic mri whilst on my period? . having mri scan for ovarian cyst
had nasal endoscopic surgery on  jan. when can i start using neti pot?
herpes transmission somewhat complicated question. i have genital herpes but no outbreaks after the initial one. my partner got it from me and has genital outbreaks. we're wondering if we're able to spread it to each other in areas where we haven't had outbreaks during shedding (not active outbreak). seems obvious that we could spread it around while there are lesions so we're careful during her outbreaks. but the big mystery is . can we spread it to new areas during shedding. . ? . thanks a million. we've been searching hard for the answer. .
my  week old son fell today from the bed er says no ct scan possible i need your recommendation?
i had rhabdomyosarcoma and chemotherapy as a child i started having menstrual problems?
im experiencing symptoms of sciatica/piriformus spasm how to reduce the pain so i can at least walk?
what causes stress among breast cancer patients?
why might my gray hair be turning black?
had tendinitis in my wrist for the past few years now have a ganglion cyst as well?
is swelling in face and hands normal during pregnancy? . i am  weeks pregnant and my face and hands have been swollen everyday for a few days now. my hands are so swollen when i wake up in the morning that they hurt! my face is swollen and eyes have such dark circles around them the past few days also (not sure if that is/can be related to the swelling) i have drank at least  bottles of water today and still no change. is this normal for this late in pregnancy?
can i take practin and decdan to gain weight?
what does sugar in the urine mean?
headache bodyaches fatigue nausea dizzy temp of .  comes and goes for over a year. a/g ratio is . .
what is deep brain stimulation (dbs) for parkinson's disease?
what's the difference between a composite and amalgam filling? does a composite allow smaller holes to be drilled?
my son has had some warts frozen off at the doctor's office the skin under the wart has the blister can i pop this?
how bad is it to smoke hookah? . www. smokehut. co smoke hut is a community marketplace for the buying and selling of handpieps water pipes vapes and hookahs. <link>
have a sinus infection & have been given a prescription amoxicillin  mg tablet-can i take over the counter drugs too
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of xanax?
is it possible to overdose on a water-soluble vitamins? . i know that you can overdose on fat soluable vitamins what about water-soluable like b or c?
can a child under  get birth control with out parents permission
what are the symptoms of bacterial vaginosis?
why did my son burn and itch very badly after he took a vinegar bath for his sunburn? almost an unbearable itch and burn
using colostomy bag after hernia surgery after  days havent passed stools?
do women have fewer migraines and severe headaches after menopause?
i have been diagnosed with polymyalgia rheumatica symptoms and pain persist even on meds
is catheter ablation the best treatment for a-fib?
can an hpv wart straind lead or cause vulnerability to cancer? . i have recently found out i have warts around my pubic area and one on the shaft of my penis. so thats hpv? . my doctor told me to take a course of aldara for  months then freeze the warts off to get rid of them. but still the hpv will exist in my body. now that i have such a virus does that up my chances of my body potentially facing cancer in the near or late future? am i more vulnerable have cancer?
are there any medigap insurance plans in nyc that cover pre-existing conditions with no -month waiting period? .  years old i would like to switch from my current coverage medicare advantage plan (aarp) to traditional medicare plus part f medigap plus part d during open enrollment but was diagnosed with peripheral t-cell lymphoma in september. will my age and pre-existing condition affect my premium?
should i start taking blood pressure medicine? . my blood pressure is in the pre-hypertension stages. i am  healthy exercise  times per week and eat relatively well. i recently went to my gp and she told me to start medication. however i then saw a cardiologist who told me to change my workout routine to all cardio workouts and to avoid the medicine if i can since i am so young. i am very confused since i have two competing opinions. i don't want to be on the medicine but will do so if i have no other choice
are kids (ages  and ) ok in a home jacuzzi at bath water temperatures?
for the past several days i've had severe headaches with nausea extreme tiredness and now my eyes are matting. . i never have headaches. this one will not go away. i've tried all otc meds with no luck. it makes me extremely sleepy and even nauseous. what do i do? it is not menstrual cycle related. i had a hysterectomy  years ago.
much higher blood pressure when restingis it unusual?
my appetite has increased suddenly. i have been eating more than i want to but cannot resist and i am gaining weight. i am a  year old male. my appetite has increased suddenly. i have been eating more than i want to but cannot resist and i am gaining weight as a result.
when should my child's sickness keep her home and when can i send her to school?
could i be allergic to deodorant?
does a migraine always include pain or can you just have light sensitivity?
my husband experiencing intense foul smelling night sweats?
perimenopausal clear watery vaginal discharge tested non bacterial non fungal ongoing for over  month possible causes? . i am perimenopausal or may have reached menopause. i am having almost colorless watery discharge for over two months that are more profuse in the nights. the discharge has been tested negative for bacterial or fungal infections. i don't have any other problem associated with it. it seems it is normal to have vaginal discharge during this time of life but for how long would this last?
why am i unable to have an orgasam after enjoying complete orgasams previously? . up until i injured my back  yrs ago i had no problems enjoying sex. i still enjoy it and my husband and i still use different stimulations for pleasure. i get right to the edge and just can't go farther no matter what we do. this is very frustrating for my husband as well. i'm  and my doctor says i don't need hrt.
after a bowel movement abdominal pain puts me on my knees severe nausea to the point i do vomit?
doctor thinks my appendix needs surgery should i go through the surgery?
rash and blister after tick bite should i see a doctor? . i was bitten by a tick about  days ago. i got the tick completely out. on the site where the tick was attached i have developed a rash with a blister in the middle of the rash. the area is swollen and red. it has an itchy/burning sensation all of the time. i have been running a low grade fever . -. very very tired. no amount of sleep seems to change that. should i see a doctor?
can cats smell poison ivy on a person? . my boyfriend was working gathering brush burning it etc. when he got home one of the cats who is very affectionate toward everyone especially him the cat wouldn't go near him and actually had an unusual reaction: eyes wide running away. we thought he might have smelled his friend's dogs but then thought of the poison ivy. the cat went from rolling all over my friend to being scared. ideas?
experiencing fever cold sweats chills fatigue burning eyes and a deep pain in my mid section
i have been experiencing headaches that make me vomit im wondering if this could be hormonal?
is it true that in pennsylvania smokers will be charged an additional % on their premiums? . why isn't it considered a pre-existing condition the first year to give the smoker time to quit the terrible addiction?
i dont want to die – im taking prednisone  for  days and i am dehydrated?
my aunt steals pain killers and she is bipolar. does bipolar cause her to steal? . she is in her mid to late fourties. she claims she dosent steal pain killers but we have all seen her do it. now her sister claims that she steals the pain killers due to her being bipolar. i am wondering if this is in fact true or that her sister is just denying it to herself. which in turn is not able to get her the help she needs.
what are the types of temporary hair loss?
i did a small line saturday night i have a urine test monday morning will i fail it was my first time doing it
i've had back pain for the past two months and have been taking /- vicodin for my pain. will that harm my baby?
can marajuana help dementia
despite regular cardio exercise and eating healthy i can't seem to lose weight? . okay maybe i can't lose weight is misleading but i am losing muscle and gaining fat. my exercise includes running for an hour at least four times a week for over a month and eating includes eating salads eggs fruits and white meats like chicken (and none of the junk i won't even allow myself cheat days). in spite of the fact that i have lost  i don't look any thinner. in fact i've gained fat and it's becoming increasingly harder to continue keep the same running time and pace.
how can i teach my child to floss and when should i start?
what is a maiden name? . i keep getting these offers but they ask for a maiden name. these are medical offers that i need to sign up for. is it a marriage thing?
does it hurt when ear tubes fall out
migrans pains and fainting spells what is goint on? . about  months ago i started having constant migrans. about  months ago i started having sharp stabbing pains that only last about  seconds to a couple minutes. the best way i can descibe that pain is when you get zapped by a light socket but  times worse. about  months ago i start fainting spell. and recently i started getting dizzy spells when every i get up too fast or when i first get up in the morning. i had a cat scan done but they said everything was normal.
what causes colorectal cancer metastatic or recurrent?
do multivitamins descrease the effectiveness of oral birth control pills?
how can i help my baby outgrow what seems to be allergic reaction to chicken? . he is  months old and breastfed. every time i eat chicken he develops a rash or his eczema in his arm creases gets worse or comes back.
i have ulcerative colitis. can i take melatonin to help me sleep?
causes of genital warts without sex? . i'm a male and i went into the doctor's to see about what i thought was acne around my genitals (just above my penis). he told me it was warts caused by hpv and despite me practicing safe sex a condom doesn't protect against it. but i've contacted my previous  sexual partners. in the years since we've been together they've all been tested for different reasons: pregnancy cancer abortion and regular physicals. . how else could i have gotten them?
how can i get rid of dark acne scars?
what's less damaging: smoking  cigarettes per day or picking two days of the week and smoking  on each of those days? . i know that light smoking still poses significant risks; i know i can still get cancer one day from doing it. so please don't answer by telling me that. i'm looking to significantly cut down in order to lessen the damage i'm doing to myself while still indulging a little in one of my favorite activities. so here are my two options: a) smoke about  cigs/day (about /week) or b) pick  nights/week say two nights when i'm out socializing and smoke about  on each of those (about /week)?
does adding cream to coffee effect the strength of the caffine?
gastroenteritis ive had it for over a month should i be conserned? but i haven't been vomiting or naushous. the only thing i still have is that my stomach feels all crampy and when i eat i feel full and feel like vomiting but i dont
what is a blatocyst in pregnancy?
i injured my leg in car accident pain when i get up from sitting and after standing?
my husband is on disability and pays for medicare through disability. i have my own health insurance through work. he didn't take coverage for prescriptions since he only has one and without insurance it costs $ a month. so it's cheaper to just pay $. we were told he must get prescription insurance for the medicine or be penalized. is this true? the cost for prescription coverage is over $ a month and then the deductible still wouldn't be met in the year. this will cost us too much in the long run.
i've been having a dull ache under my left lower ribs for awhile now. any ideas what might be causing this? . the ache is more on the side under the bottom rib. taking ativan seemed to help some. but not entirely. is this a common symptom for anxiety? i also recently became diabetic was wondering if it could be related?
i fractured my spine now have vision problems?
my daughter has a .  degree temperature. does she need to go to the hospital?
is it true that if a white woman sleeps with a older blackman she can get what some calls vaginal worms?
how are migraine headaches prevented?
my son has add and mild autism. he has been successfully on concerta for + years. can you help with his weight loss?
why is the medication for schizophrenic disorder causing weight loss and lethargy?
my period has been late for  days now but a pregnancy test says i am not pregnant. what could be wrong with me? . i also took a blood test at my doctors and that came back negative also my pap results and cultures came back normal.
can bacteria vaginosis turn into trichomoniasis if not treated
are sleeping pills a good idea?
how to judge a person wisely?
i have had really really bad reflux and cannot sleep or feel like eating?
bleach was put in my eyes over a year and a half ago. my eyes still burn. is there anything that can be done for them.
i'm  yrs old and my chest feels heavy almost like muscle pain in the chest. is it anxiety or something worse?
is it okay to eat hot dogs when pregnant? . is it okay to eat hot dogs when pregnant? if not why not?
"sack of fluid in scrotum. previously had surgery for strangled testicle. early twenties. surgery  yrs ago foggy memory dealt with testicle being ""strangled"". my understanding was i had a hernia that released fluid into scrotum. belive the strangled testicle was seperate problem solved in same surgery. . ) now have a sack of fluid near the same testicle size of an acorn. i dont belive it is attached to the actual testicle. . )normal for previously ""strangled"" testicle to appear almost in pieces? . . ) that testicle also feels to have extra veins around it? stitches?"
can a person change medicare plans having preexisting conditions?
is it possible to have contracted vaginal herpes from a sexual partner who has never had prior sexual partner before me? . could i have contracted it from my very first sexual partner i've ever had if he too has never had a partner prior to being with me.
my health insurance policy is being canceled effective //. must i buy insurance from the exchange? . or can i buy insurance through individual insurance companies (i. e. aetna or blue cross blue shield)? are all exchange policies hmos?
tops of my feet have swollen. i can feel the pressure. walking a lot lately and road on plane for  hours. .  was .  with average blood glucose level of . after two months i have it down to  on average with insulin and exercised. should i ice the top of feet or just elevate?
can bacteria cause throat infection?
what is the difference between the symptoms of a cold and an ear infection?
what is the best way to preserve urine samples for a urinalasis?
how to overcome premature ejaculation using ayurvedic medicines?
my husband has alztimers/dementia he's having difficulty taking his medicine (pills) he spitts them out what can i do? . he takes glipiside glucatrol aracent namenda atorvastatin baby asprin lovasa he needs his meds but he wont take them most days he has trouble. swallowing them i tried to crush them but he get angry and spits out help
what is chickenpox? what causes chickenpox?
i recently stayed at a hotel and was attacked by bed bugs i have bites all over?
i cut my finger  yrs ago. it healed and then breaks out again when in water too long. what do you think is the problem? . i cut my tip of finger where nail is on a piece of glass about  yrs ago. it healed find but then weeks later further down finger seemed to break out. i have been prescribed a steroid cream (fluocinonide) and it clears up within - days. then when my hand is in water too long it seems to go back to breaking out. skin gets tight and then cracks and peels. what could this be?
on top of my prenatal vitamins what are the best sources for vitamin d?
what causes ocd?
is a discharge a symptoms of prostate cancer
when pregnant do you only miss  period? or all of them until you give birth?
period  days late negative pregnancy test. hello my period is very regular. i get it every month on the . i was ovulating last month on the - so i had sex (trying to conceive) and i've been feeling a lot of symptoms. i've been feeling sick back hurting headaches urinating a lot. i smoke cigarettes and their starting to get me sick. i took  pregnancy test but they all came out negative even the morning urine. is there a chance i could still be pregnant?
what type of tumor changes your body like a pregnancy
does your hair grow thicker while you are pregnant?
mri showed bilateral mastoiditis but don't have mastoiditis pressure and headaches /. any other mastoid diseases? . fatique fullness of ears crawling sensation tinitus pressure feeling radiates to temples esp when laying down ct of sinuse-slight wall thickening openings open some larynigitis at times. just over a year now. neck and head ct ok had  cervical joints fused  years ago -arthritic spurs.
what does pc mean after an opthamologist?
how do i tell the difference between normal sore muscles and a wasp sting reaction?
i have severe constipation. i went to the hospital but no bowel movements since?
i'm sterilizing bottles and nipples. should i wash the bottles in hot soapy water or in the dishwasher's top rack?
thumb is discolored and swelled. very painful to touch or put in warm water. it turns black when i put it in warm water. started about three weeks ago with swelling and discoloring. it looks like a bruise on the bottom side up toward the outside tip and is swelled from the bottom crease at the joint up to the tip. i have sever pain when i press it against something or try to use it. sever pain when in warm water and turns black. it doesn't hurt to bend it and i didn't sprain or smash it. it is always cold from the knuckle to the tip and feels numb most of the time until i try to use it or push on it. thank you
how can i pay for my health insurance in the exchanges?
i was  months late for my period i finally started the other day but now ive been on it for  days. first off-i have never had sex so my concern is not if im pregnant. i am normally regular when it comes to my period but i was  months late and i finally started the other day but i have now been on my period for  days. should i go see a doctor about this?
how can i cook broccoli?
i have ed and pass few months unrinal incontience andwet bed. i have heart problems high blood pressure pvod. on many meds. is there relationship between ed and urinary incontience
if i dont start my period til / but my pregnancy test today showed a very barely visible positive. am i pregnant?
is there a laser procedure that raises eyebrows?
if on medication after how long is bronchitis no longer contagious?
i have a fracture on my left hand finger while i was playing football?
what is injection site rotation?
what does it mean if you don't bruise?
shingles - i had shingles several years ago; would the vaccination help me in the future?
what are the risks of genital herpes?
ive been off depo shot for  years and i havent gotten pregnant. could it be from getting the depo shot for so long
i am kite surf instructor but have spine condition pain too much too handle?
how will premium subsidies work? would i receive the money automatically when i buy coverage through the marketplace?
i am diagnosed epileptic and asthmatic ive been troubled with extreme fatigue
if you have a pap smear done. how long should you wait to be tested for endometriosis?
what would cause your side to feek likes its on fire but not to the touch
i cant breastfeed because of medications im taking. is it safe to accept frozen breast milk from a family member?
what is acid reflux disease?
i'm  have to work under the sun and already have wrinkles under my eyes and crows feet. what can i do?
where is the iliac crest. i am having cervical spinal fusion of  & . they are using bone from the iliac crest to make new discs. i was wondering where the iliac crest is and is this a common practice.
i am about to be . can i be going through pre menopause? . i had a baby last november and one month my period would be extremely heave and the next really light where i wouldnt have to wear anything. i know that it can take up to a year to get back to normal after having a baby. this past aug i got sick with a flu like virus and ever since then my stomach hurts alot and it justs when i poop. and i havent had a period since july. i am not pregnant. i just want to know what is wrong with me! please help!
i am only  and this morning i saw blood in my stool. what could be the cause? i don't have anal sex i feel no pain.
how much water should i drink when exercising? what will happen if i drink too much?
what is viral hepatitis?
high blood pressure trying to regulate it with beta blockers what should blood pressure be to use viagra? . if a man has high blood pressure and his doctor is trying to regulate it with beta blockers (which are causing ed like symptoms) what should his blood pressure be in order for him to safely use viagra?
my son is  has a part-time job makes about $ /year and doesn't have health insurance through work. what would be the best insurance policy for him with a low premium? he also has ptsd so i want him to see the mental health doctors regularly. can he qualify for medicaid and if so how do we go about it?
does  or  / glasses of wine a day caues high blood preasure?
i have a sudden onset of swelling in both legs and ankles?
my mom has been coughing several times each day for the past  months sometimes she spits clear mucous and vomits?
while treating a patient for depression when can we add in celexa?
is the drug tramadol a controlled substance?
i have a cerbaseous cyst on my back that has developed an infection?
my mother is in extreme pain for a detached rotator cuff but suffers from heart problems and taking medication?
my wife currently takes temazepam. is there another generic drug that is equivalent to this medication? . her dose is one  capsule as needed. this drug is being removed from her formulary in .
what does the process of getting hair plugs entail?
how can i improve my quality sleep?
what do i do in case of an overdose of relpax?
is there a medical term for scarlet fever?
can an individual have more than one type of arthritis at a time?
am i entitled to all my medical records?
i have severe neurological symptoms like permanent exhaustion worsening memory lack of concentration anxiety and depression?
can sids happen if my baby is sleeping at night on my chest? it is the only way she will sleep.
why would my breast leak. i am  old and i had a partial hysterectomy  yrs ago i had a mammogram done  months ago which came back normal i have noticed that i have some leakage from one of my breasts should i be worried?
are there dietary restrictions when on coumadin? if so can you be precise what they are.
are there any herbal remedies for preventing or shortening the duration of colds?
when does schizophrenia start and who gets it?
is there any possibilities of aids from having hand sex? . i have it while bathing. i am .
how to remove a can tab from throat
"should people get ""regular"" ct scans (or some other head scan) to check for tumors in the brain (before its too late). i just feel that diagnosing/finding tumors early in the process of formation is the best way to prevent serious damage and i understand that tumor growth would exhibit certain symptoms but it is possible that people under high stress/anxiety may think its just because of their lifestyle when in fact there may be a more serious underlying issue. also tumor growth in brain regions that control personality (ie. how outgoing you are being socially awkward etc) may be harder to call a symptom"
ive recently had an hysterectomy do test results show i have cancer?
diabetic diet for gallstones. my husband is iddm and very sensitive to carbs. he was just diagnosed with gallstones. what can he eat that won't affect his blood sugar?
how is anemia diagnosed?
can an asthma attack cause petechiae of the eye
how can cases of viral hemorrhagic fever be prevented and controlled?
can castor oil cure cataracts
 year old girl with delayed milestones (speech) and convulsions what can we do?
what causes hair loss?
what are the treatments for a hernia?
i have night sweats cant focus lack of sleep weight loss what is going on?
what are the chances of getting pregnant even if the condom didn't break?
it has been  days since my son had stitches put in his lip how long should they take to dissolved? . they doctors in the er that placed the stitches said that they were suppose to dissolve. my son had an appointment with his doctor  days ago and she said that they had dissolved and all she could see was the stitches on the outside and that those will fall off. i was finally able to get my son to sit still so i could get a good look at them and i could still see a couple of the stitches under the skin. should i take him in to have them removed?
swollen node in groin should i go to the dr? . i have had a swollen node in my groin for about  days. the node hasn't changed size is soft but doesn't go away when i push on it. no fever chills or general symptoms of being sick. should i wait to see if the swelling goes down or should i go to my doctor right away?
are cyctic fibrosis patient contageous? . is there a need for cystic fibrosis patients to be isolated when they are in the hospital wiith and infection?
had a sex with a prostitute by wearing condom. but.? . i had a sex with a prostitute( time unmarried). she ws hygiene & made me to wear a new condom(durex) but in excitement i donno when i ejaculated. i cummed twice when she removed my penis out it was sticky. she rushed out to bathroom and cleaned herself. my q is. will i get infected with aids? i donno about that prostitute whether she had or not. i assume she did not but cant say. shud i undergo elisa test. my mistake was that i did not wore  layers of condom. (one on another). kindly help me
i'm having a skin problem on my chest and back from a long time. . sir/maam. i'm having a skin problem on my chest and back from a long time. it started - years back when i went to a beach and was exposed to sea water and sunlight for - hours. that time i also had sunburn but that was temporary. now also i'm having these red spots on my chest for past - months. these are unlike those light and dark patches and have spread-ed to my abdomen. i have know idea what went wrong. i'm looking for your expert advice. thank you. male. . spots on my chest-
i have developed a tremor in my left hand concerned that this is a progression of something that went not diagnosed?
what is gonadotropin releasing hormone (gn-rh) for infertility?
if i am pregnant which vaccines can i receive?
i cut a skin tag off with scissors that had some rust on them. last tetanus shot was . do i need another one?
i've had a sore throat for days now drank a beer and it immediately started to burn. is it from the irritated tissue. i've had a sore throat for days now drank a beer and it immediately started to burn. is it from the irritated tissue or could it be my tonsils it's both sides to the back.
my son is  months old and coughs all the time and has a hard tummy?
what causes inguinal hernia?
i get unconscious due to fits what should i do?
i have knocked knees – no fix – or do i need surgery?
i have a mole on my lower calf that has changed to a grey color and is crusty looking. . i have had breast cancer  times. chemo and radiation
can i do anything to make my cold go away faster?
if i accidently left a tampon in too long (over  hours) are there any other problems i should look for besides tss?
i was in a accident and now in pain mgmt. i get oxy  & was tested positive for morphine! never used. how/why in urine. my motorcycle accident killed my friend and i was in hospital for  months. i had  urine tests and it shows positive for morphine. how can this be in my system if i am not & never had used morphine/heroin! i am prescribed oxy 's and take clonazepam adderall keppra melozicam. how is this showing on my urine test? this will ruin my life if positive & will not be allowed to continue pain management. please someone help me & answer. thx - jenna
what is gian berea? not sure of peoper spelling. my neurologist mumbled that phrase but did not elobarate
diagnosed with abnormal liver function and gallbladder disease what should i do next?
red shiny penile skin after cortisone use. i used cortisone cream for a few weeks for dermatitis on my penis and the rash cleared up but my skin looks tight and shiny now. my dr. said to use vitamin e - i am wondering if a penis health cream ( man oil? ) would do the trick.?
can anxiety cause foot drop and twitches in the body?
i am currently under chiropractic care for a misaligned cervical vertebra which was degenerated over time. . this treatment is keeping my vertebral column from fusing together which will greatly restrict movement of my head. to what extent will this health reform policy cover corrective treatments such as chiropractic care?
my mother had a severe pain in her lower back cant walk far sleeping all the time spacey urination problems?
how often do you need a tb shot
what can i do to treat genital herpes at home?
currently i have the pain in the chest and constantly hear the high pitched sound in my right ear?
is aerobics a good exercise to loose fat in belly?
does intelence cure hiv or aids?
can morning sickness predict your baby's sex? . when i was pregnant with my son i had morning sickness bad throughout my whole pregnancy. but when i got pregnant again this time with my daughter i felt great no sickness. just wondering if the sex of the baby effects morning sickness in pregnancy?
what time of day should vitamin d be taken?
what can i do to prevent my kids from getting head lice?
i have a spot on my face can it be dangerous?
could psoriatic arthritis be a more systemic problem leading to multiple seemingly separate problems to include pacs prostate/urologic and multiple areas of tendonitis without strain or injury?
what causes lupus?
why is my prostste fluid brown
what are the symptoms of gastroenteritis?
what could cause a bulge in the lower right pelvis?
i have diabetes and strips and syringes are so expensive. is there a way to save money?
how much do i have to walk to get good exercise?
"just turned . i have chest hair! i am about . doctors said i'd be '"". am i done growing? . i am an early bloomer"
what are recommended exercises once a torn meniscus has been repaired?
i have a constant pressure on my bladder?
what is the affordable care act all about and how can i get registered?
stopped depo and had a normal period  months then stopped for  months started regular again  months now stopped. on depo i was regular and still had periods every month they were just extremely light. i stopped taking the depo shot in october . i was regular for about three months (lighter than normal but heavier than while on depo) then i had stopped having my period all together. in december  my periods stopped all together. early july  i finally got my period back. i was on a very regular and precise  day cycle. the first day of my last period was on september . i am now  days late.
my period is  days late i have taken  hpt and a blood test (all were negative) could i be pregnant? . i am always regular. i have never missed a cycle. my cycles run - days and if anything i'm usually early but never late. i have taken  hpt and they were both negative. i went for a quantitive hcg blood test today and it was negative but my dr. said the level was slightly elevated but not enough to confirm pregnancy. i have pregnancy symptoms. i'm nauseated bloated sore breasts fatigue and frequent urination. is it possible for the tests to be wrong and me be pregnant?
my pcp and ortho requests weight loss sugery will this new insurance cover this? .  yrs f bmi % pcp and ortho doctor request weight loss sugery hypertension diabetic fibromyalgia and osteoarthritis. . my income is under $  a year no children single. . . would this new insurance allow me to get the help i need? . .
is eating a large teaspoon full of peanut butter worse than eating a large teaspoon full of ice cream?
i had mrsa that penetrated bone in what ways will mrsa reapear what do i look for to prevent another serious ocurance? . bone infection was removed from finger. underwent surgery and  weeks of vancomycin iv treatment. i am an otherwise very healthy  yr old woman.
what is bacterial vaginosis?
"i am a  year old male ht. '"" wt. . i want to increase my weight in a healthy way. please advise."
what is sapho (synovitis acne pustulosis hyperostosis and osteitis) syndrome?
can you get pregnant when semen seeps through nylon shorts onto vulva and while she's on period? no penetration occuring. one night she had nothing on down there while i only had nylon gym shorts on. we were rubbing together near her clitoris and probably close to her vagina and i ended up ejaculating. no penetration occurred. some semen seeped through my shorts though but i am pretty sure i pulled her pajama pants up before a lot got out. i can't remember for sure however if i pulled her pants up before or after i came. she was also on the second day of her period and she had a tampon in. should i be worried?
what are some at-home treatments for shingles?
what are the best times to become pregnant?
does a high fiber diet actually clear an impacted colon? or just cause the fresh bms to go around the impacted waste?
i have tried four different medications for depression. am i not giving these medications time to work? . each had side effects that caused me to stop taking them. should i continue to search for a new medication?
what are bacterial and viral infections?
when viagra and other ed treatments fail what can help with premature ejaculation? . sustained back injury at  nerve test said cyatic nerve was pinched ruputred disks were blaimed never got surgary becuase of workers comp fighting claim have seen doctors who prescribed viagra and the others none worked. have tried most otc pills no results had one otc that claimed to be viagra/prillogy work great but the flushed face and headache out weighed the benefits. blood pressure is normal no medical conditions that are known.
i read that you need a some sunshine on your bare skin to get enough vitamin d. so why should i use a sunscreen?
can apple cider vinegar help constipation
i am a -year-old male. what sort of multivitamin or mineral tablet should i take?
what is psoriasis of the liver. my son was diagnosed with psoriasis of the liver. i have never heard of such a thing.
how many cigarettes can safely be smoked a day? . my  year old son thinks if he only smokes a few times a week there are will b no negative effects on his health and can't become addicted. true or false?
could i still have lyme disease? . i was diagnosed  yrs ago. i never found a tick bite so i'm not sure how long i had it before i started antibiotics. i've never felt the same. i'm still just as tired and constantly achy in my neck and back. i get terrible headaches that last days. i get sharp pains in my arms all the time. i randomly get dizzy and i've fainted a several times. a year ago someone said it's allergies so i tried allergy medicines and just got sicker. in sept. i had mono. i'm  and i still feel like i'm dying!
i currently have a health insurance plan with bcbs nc and have been told it will be canceled. . my current premium is within my budget; however bcbs is now offering a plan with less benefits at more than twice the cost. i can't afford the increase and there are no subsidies available for us. my husband is on medicare. the exchange told us that due to our situation we don't need to have health coverage in  and won't be penalized. where do we get the extra $/month for coverage?
can vitamin k inj cause state of anxiety
i have many symptoms: chills shakiness trouble sleeping weakness need second doctor opinion?
why do i hiccup when smoking
is it possible to receive nerve damage from a finger prick blood collection?
i'm  years old and in fairly good health. should i have a pneumonia shot every year?
can you tell if a rotator cuff tear is old or new?
what if tb shot is given and it turns into red bump. my son received a tb shot on a wednesday. doctor said i didn't have to come back till monday because that was an appointment for me. so by thurs and fri my son had a huge red bump where shot was given and a rash up his arm. does he have tb? .
i ate rotten tomato – small white worms now inside me – how to get them out?
i've had panic attacks since . no medicine has helped and it's ruining my marriage and my life. what can i do?
i have neck shoulders back hip and leg pain doctor says due to menopause imbalance need second opinion?
can a mask prevent swine flu?
fingered my girlfriend with after touching precum  minutes before. will she get pregnant? . i accidentally barely touched precum on my boxers and then - minutes after i did that i fingered my girlfriend. would the precum have dried by then or do i actually have something to worry about? her last period started on october  and her next period hasn't happened. she doesn't always have consistent periods but it usually happens around this time. she is also experiencing sharp pains but she thinks it is a uti. any help would be appreciated.
what causes burning on soles of (both) feet?
can prenatal vitamins be making my baby gassy? . i am bottle feeding breast milk to my baby. trying to figure out what in my diet if anything can be contributing to her gassy belly. she falls asleep while eating and  min. later is crying arching her back and kicking. her doctor says she is fine but i want to know if there is anything more i can do? i have started giving her gas drops and that helps some.
what are your  best linkin' park songs? . bj cash the king - nino | shot by: @truedreamreef instagram twitter snapchat: @bjcashtheking more info at <link>
i am a female my boyfriend and i got std testing. my test came back positive and his negative. how is this possible?
can over masturbation cause soreness and a odor on left inner thigh of a male. i am a  year old male. i noticed if i masturbate to much right next to my penis and balls i will get a red painful irritation with a bad odor. could this be caused by masturbating to much. i noticed if i don't masturbate after a few days the redness pain and odor go away.
married post prostate cancer man thought impotent has affair and performs. how? . and will he feel extra bonded to this woman that arouses him enough to perform sexually?
can the eggs of a  year old woman be be used ad doners?
my  is .  and my fasting blood sugar is . is this idicative of diabetes? . my vitamin d is also low. my doctor has prescribed a prescription for that and he wants to repeat the . i'm not sure if that can alter the test or not.
diagnosed with central sleep apnea can treatment cause cause pulmonary hypertension?
my hand went numb today?
am i a possible candidate for stroke?
i have problems with platelets i need a surgery to remove the spleen?
i had unprotected sex on day  of  day cycle period is  days late and experiencing pregnancy symptoms. pregnant?
i had a tetanus shot  days ago and now have chest pain and irritability. should i be concerned? . pain radiates to my upper back also.
my  year old took her first dose of augmentin and about an hour later she vomited. is vomiting a common side effect? . should it typically be taken with food or milk?
how much acetaminophen is in one - norco tab. i take  tabs a day
smoked for one year straight stopped  month  weeks weight  exercise drank lots of water. but still positive at . eat no fatty foods
what object or food will give a person ebola? . i hear about different cases of ebola so what i want to know is ebola something that is airborne in food or in body fluids? how are these people getting ebola?
i am a disabled veteran on medicare. am i affected by the affordable care act?
i have a pain in the lower right side of my abdomen.
in my  week of pregnancy clubfoot was diagnosed. should i undergo amniocentesis?
what vitamins / minerals (otc) can i take to improve my memory i had a stroke in september that effected only my speech. i had a blood clot to the left side of the brain. however i had some memory loss before the stroke. . margaret
i have a small herniated disk  does not touch the main nerve but the pain is incredible i cant work i cant practice sport anymore i cant even walk?
can your eyes explode from extreme heat. i am writing a fiction novel and was doing some research. apparently this is not a common question. i was just trying to make this as accurate as possible.
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of hc pram?
i am a college student about to no longer be part of my parents' health insurance plan due to age. what should i do?
is apple cider good for heel spurs
can anything serious happen if a voltaren oral tablet was put inside the vagina?
found a lump behind my ear thats quite painfull when i touch it. its not a pimple. what can it be? . hello. i have found a lump behind my left ear thats quite painfull when i touch it. i found it about a week ago. i have read about other people with the same problem and people all answered very different. what do you think it could be? people have mentioned cancer but like í said it was all kind of different theories.
i had melingtis when i was a baby and i was wondering if there are any effects that i could have  on? i also suffer with really bad back pain when it is the time of the month. i was wondering if you can help me?
i have had ibs like symptoms for  months. for past few days ive been uncomfortably constipated. need help! . . i have been constipated on and off for several months now. i think it could be ibs because i will have diarrhea gas and bloating as well. a few days ago though i became so constipated that it hurts so badly right now. i have used stool softeners many times but the only result is diarrhea then constipation all over again.
i had a left ovarian cyst and left ovary removed. can i still get pregnant? . i had a left ovarian cyst larger then a softball removed from my left side a long with my left ovary and part of the left tube. my husband and i are trying to get pregnant. can we still with everything on the left side being gone?
what is the cause of scarred lungs? . i have been sick for over one month with asthma had  chest xrays to rule out pneumonia. good news no fluid or pneumonia but longs show scarring. i am still short of breath coughing up yellow phlem. so what causes scarred lungs could that be my problem?
lower back pain be a sign of pregnancy? my lower right side of my back right above my hip. it is a constant dull pain but with sharp intense bursts periodically. i am a day late on my period right now took a test that showed negative. could i still be pregnant?
it's  and humid and my husband works outside. he just told me he was sweating blood at work today. what could that be?
i got my flu shot. can i still spread the virus against which i am immunized by sneezing for example?
a sore/small bump on penis? . hi i've had no sex for  weeks but i have a red sore on my penis? at first i thought it was a rash from my gym underwear rubbing against while my skin was damp. but now after  days i see it's a proper bump/sore type tiny lump. could you help identify what this could be from? . thank you
i had fever bad cough pain and chills for a week?
grandson with downs age  likes to put batteries in his mouth. why and what do i need to do about?
i feel like i might have genital warts but i am a virgin. i have small red bumps that have multiplied recently on the he. continued. head of my penis. i also have cracked skin on the shaft near the head of my penis. the bumps are small and red but have become more pronounced recently. they do not burn itch or sting. they have been there for around a year and i saw a urologist when it was minimal but it has since gotten worse. any advice? again i am a virgin but possibly this could be from a public restroom? . also small wart like spots are on the digits of my fingers too that just recently
exercise and diet for  months and no weight changes. up or down. i am  yr old female weigh . in april i started counting calories using myfitnesspal. com. also took up jogging and joined a gym which i go to - times a week. cut down on soda from daily to  or  a week. i weighed  when i made the changes and have only lost  pounds. i eat between  and  calories. tried varying amounts to see if it would help. i know there is always room for improvement but i've seen nothing why? . i'm on nortriptylin for migraines. i'd like to get to 
had heat stroke about three weeks ago. started to have pain in my right kidney area about a week ago. what should i do?
when is the flu no longer contagious?
am ('f'  yrs) on  levothyroxine for hypothyroide issue since  mnths but still my periods are irregular? ? . since beginning my menstruation is irregular(once in - mnths). i got married  years ago we got a  yrs daughter i got this pregnancy as usual well.  months ago i got hypothyroidism issue and now am on  mcg levothyroxine. but stil i am not getting regular periods but want  baby? why am not getting periods? . thank you
should i put hydrogen peroxide on a cut?
severe spinal pain  years postop. it was a football injury that resulted in a spinal hematoma around . it was removed and part of my vertebra. now  years postop i am having sudden muscle spasms and severe pain in my thoracic region severe headaches and swelling at my incision sight. my ns is not too concerned bc i can still walk and scheduled me an appointmemnt in a month but i don' know if i can take the pain that long.
can gallstones come back after gallbladder is removed. a friend of mine who has serious stomach issues. back at the begining of the year she had a couple or ercps and had some gallstones removed then they removed the gallbladder. she is now back in the hospital in serve pain. she is going in for another ercp they are saying gallstones have come back. is that possible?
how can you tell if you're pregnant with twins? . i have taken  home pregnancy tests and they both came back positive; plus i missed my period  weeks ago. the home tests were instantaneously positive (literally took  seconds to see the positive signs) - is this a sign of twins?
i'm  years old and only ''' how can i increase my height. and is there any way to reopen growth plates. some suggested me to take l-arginine with l-ornithine so is it safe to take this if yes then please guide me
should a woman be treated for hiv during pregnancy?
what cause a two year old baby to have a yeast infection or urinary infection
am i pregnant? . my last birth control was september . i have had no period since two days ago i had cramping and about two drops of reddish brown blood nothing since. my boobs are sore. took a test came out negative. had sex septembetr   and . is it too soon to test?
does ibuprofen pmr interact with any other medications?
what can i do to treat ringworm of the skin at home?
i am on third day of tamiflu and feeling fine. havn't had a fever in  hours still have a cough. am i still contagious? . had all the typical flu symptoms and those are all gone. just left with a cough. got sick on saturday started tamiflu sunday and today is tuesday ( / days on antibiotics). am i still contagious? i am wearing a mask as to not infect my kids.
i bruch my teeth about - times a day. is this ok? . i am  have good teeth only one cavity. i floss at night i brush after every meal and snacks even if its only  bites. i only use a&h peroxicare or adsvanced white. i brush - times a day. is this ok? i am the only one in  generations with good teeth and i want to keep them this way!
i was diagnosed with shingles and began treatment yesterday. the blisters turned to a spreading rash. what can i do?
my friend has chipped rotten-looking teeth. she says its from low iron levels during her pregnancy. is this possible?
how can i get started with exercise?
if i have regular (drug-susceptible) tuberculosis how can i prevent getting drug-resistant tb?
how are twins formed? . i would like to know how identical twins and fraternal twins are formed. i would also like to know if the father being a twin affects anything. does it matter whether or not it runs in the mother's side or the father's side?
do gay bottoms get bigger butts over time due to anal sex?
acid reflex bloating sharp pain back? . i get heart burn with acid reflux almost dailey. i also feel very bloated and sometimes is gets real bad and i will get a sharp stabbing pain across my upper back. if i belch i get some relief. it will take  to  days of belching all day long before the stabbing pain goes away. i have poor eating habits in which i usually only eat one meal a day and sometimes skip days. is this common and what can i do about it¿
is colon cancer a concern with ulcerative colitis?
i've had constpation loose and diarrhea - wks. endoscopy & colonoscopy norm. plz help! . i am  old for - wks i've had constipation loose then diarrhea everyday. i recently had an endoscopy & colonoscopy and they were both norm. for the  wks i had severe nausea and pain in my lower chest area both of them are gone. my meds are amitriptyline  h. s. /atenolol /atorvistatin /bupropion  bid/vitamin d  / metformin   mg bid/pantoprazole / ranitidine  bid/ terbinifine /carbidopa-levodopa -. please help!
what is a transient ischemic attack or tia?
can food allergies cause weight gain? . several people have told me this--that their seasonal allergies cause weight gain. one other says that her celiac disease causes weight gain--celiac disease usually causes failure to thrive in infants--could it cause weight gain in either children or adults? . thank you . sheila. wall@gmail. com
increasingly doctors will not take medicare because they don't get reimbursed enough. what is being done about this?
is viral gastroenteritis contagious? how are these viruses spread?
is it safe to take oral contraceptive pill?
how long does it take for an ingrown hair on penis to go away? . does it even go away on its own? i'm pretty sure it's infected also it had pus. anyway i just don't want to deal with this and i've tried to fix it with a bottle of hydrogen peroxide a sharpened (sterilized of course) plastic fork and  ibuprofen but i think i may have just angered it. please send help.
i was just treated for a sinus infection but still feel bad- do i head back to the doc? . i finished all the medication as prescribed but am still congested coughing and have face pain
have severe lower backpain left and right side no solution from doctors?
does second hand smoke cause high blood pressure? . hi i'm  years old and my boyfriend smokes i'm wondering if his second hand smoke is one of the reasons i now have high blood pressure. i have lived with him for a year now and this is the first time i have ever had to be put on medicine for this can some one please give me some information? . thank you.
how to raise hdl. my hdl level is low (). i do not smoke never have and exercise on a regular basis. what can i do to raise my hdl levels? .
can i kiss someone that has herpes simplex  but isnt having any outbreaks or showing any symptoms?
what are the benefits of plyometric exercise?
my  yr. old teen has a tight foreskin. what should he do to stretch his foreskin without having to be circumcised?
me and my bf had anal sexe. but when he was about to ejaculate he pulled out but he still ejaculated in that area! help. im a vergin and this first time but idk if the sperm entred my vagina or not. can i get pregnant?
what if i am physically unable to exercise due to a medical condition?
can you give me a diet & fitness plan for diverticulosis pad spinal stenosis disc degeneration. osteoarthritis knee?
if a girl gets sand in her vagina and have sex and if there was to be sperm would it be easy to find for a doctor?
is there any medical truth to copper-infused compression garments providing pain relief? . here is an example of a product: tommie copper
which is better: saccharin or stevia?
how can i change my toilet timing to early morning? . i currently go on most days at midday or after a large meal in morning+walking around.
my  year year old daughter was diagnosed with leg length discrepancy?
i keep having chest pains when its not in my chest its in my back my arms go numb back burns i get dizzy and i pass out?
which exercises are best for people with osteoporosis?
i had sex she was on the pill and i didn't orgasm. she had her period a week after. she's feeling sick. pregnant? . so my girlfriend and i had sex on may . she is on the pill and i didn't orgasm/ejaculate at all (had some guests stop by got interrupted). she had her period on june first and it was a regular period. this week she has been feeling nauseous and has been having headaches. she's scared she may be pregnant and i wasn't worried but with her worrying about it it has got me worried.
i suffer from stuttering whats the treatment?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of wal-itin d?
my daughter has not had a voice for  weeks only a whisper?
i'm eligible for medicaid. . however i'm concerned i won't get the same benefits/dr. choices i would if i signed up for a private plan. am i correct?
how long after my kids are exposed to nits or lice will they become infested or see symptoms? . my kids were exposed to nits at a birthday party on sat. it is now wed. how much longer must i worry that they might become infested?
i have a knee replacement my left leg is swollen just above the knee to the foot?
i'm  and don't want my parents to know i'm depressed how should i get myself help?
what are the chances of hiv/std as std can transmit from infected person to uninfected person through mucous membrane?
so are  recommended as separate injections?
i picked up broken glass that was in the house and it cut my finger. could i get tetanus? . it didnt go deep but did go in my skin. it did bleed a tiny bit. but not much at all. i am  years old and havent had my shot in a long time.
what should i know before i start taking profen ib?
could the numbness in my hands and feet indicate some type of vitamin deficiency?
when should my baby start sleeping through the night?
i have tinnitus severe post-nasal drip yellow mucus and dislocated jaw?
partner does not have hep b can he still be infected if he took the first two doses of vaccine? ttc. found out i have hep b last december and to my surprise since i have not had sexual encounter with anyone else and doesn't have any tattoos or do not use drugs of any kind. baffled. i also have pcos and we are trying desperately to conceive. i hope to get an answer to this burning question because i dont want him to be infected since he is a more social drinker than i and this affects your liver. patiently awaiting your response and thanking you in advance!
can food and nutrients reverse the aging process?
my adult daughter is about to finish school for surgical tech in november and then take her boards to get certified. . she's not working and has no health insurance. is she required to have insurance even though she might not be working yet in january?
ive had two flare ups where my stomach gets extremely extended?
for  days now i have not been able to keep anything down. sharp pains in my side. headachs vomit dirrah but no fever? . constant fatigue.
what treatment is there for hair loss in men?
my doctor has put me on dicyclomine  mg four-times-a-day for two weeks. it makes me sleepy. will i get used to this?
 year old has generalized anxiety disorder (gad) bipolar?
when is your blood pressure to low? and when is your pulse to high? . i was recently put on lisinopril and hydrochlorothiazide. i am concerned because i am staying tired and sleepy. i keep a check on my blood pressure but would like to know what is considered to low. also my pulse rate ranges from 's to 's. has hit  and  a couple times. what is a safe pulse rate?
i know individuals who make between -% of the fpl qualify for subsidies to pay for health insurance premiums. but are subsidies also available to help pay for deductibles co-pays and co-insurance?
my boyfriend has head trauma there is bruising and redness and possible memory loss?
are keratin-infusing products and therapies safe for your hair?
i keep getting attacks i sweat and get hot then i start the cold chills?
whait is the difference between   and  viagra? . i am  year old and i have erection problems. i take  viagra and it helps getting a strong erection but it does'nt last. as soon as my partner stops stimulating me my penis loses its hardness. could incrasing the dose to  or  make a difference?
i am  and have been on the pill for  years. what kind of symptoms can i expect if i stop using it?
had bad bronchitis lately woke up with a huge bruise on side?
i quit smoking now even though i am eating healthy i keep gaining weight what do i do? . i am  yrs old. do not have a thyroid problems. i quit smoking in nov.  with no aid. when i feel as though i need to smoke i eat a tic tac. a package lasts about  weeks.
should i contact my cardiologist for more tests. in  i had random skipped heart beats where it felt like my heart stopped and started back beating. i had chest pain left arm pain shortness of breath and more. i went to the er at least  times and had an ekg each time. i also visited a cardiologist and he ran an ekg  hour holter and also an echo. the beats showed up on the  hour but the echo and ekg was normal. the symptoms are back minus the s. o. b. should i worry or just wait and see it they subside? i am  and overweight.
over the counter medicine to resolve stomach pain from acid reflux? . i have acid reflux issues. i do pay attention to my diet and try to avoid anything that will make me feel miserable for the day. but it feels like when it comes to eating it's like walking on eggshells. like i don't know if something new will agree with me or not and i'm sick of living this way. i don't get heartburn -it's all in my stomach. is there anything i can take over the counter that will help me everyday?
how do i gain weight and what kind of doctor do i need to see?
why would lipitor make you have heartburn n make ur stomach rock hard. when i take my lipitor  it makes my abdomin rough hard. i feel like i need to throw up and it gives me sever heartburn.
is  too old to have a bottle? . my  year old step son is still using a bottle at bedtime. we got him off the bottle for nap time but my fiance believes that his son won't go to sleep at night without a bottle. the mother doesn't seem at all interested in taking the bottle away. i just want to know if it is okay that he still has a bottle at night or if we need to take it from him while we have him for our week and inform the mother that we have done this.
what causes postpartum depression?
when is my due date for my menstrual cycle
i have adult polycyclic kidney disease ache in lower abdomen is it normal?
 years old having chronic pain between shoulders for over . months?
i found a lump on my breast in the spot where my boyfriend bit me could the lump be in relation to the bite? . i am worried but i don't want to over react if it could just be some deep tissue bruising or swelling due to my boyfriend biting me.
at what age do children begin to get their adult teeth?
how can we make vaccines readily available to the poor and to third-world countries? . . as medical care becomes more commercialized in recent years how can we make vaccines readily available to the poor and to third-world countries?
im worried about my husband not taking care of his skin but he doesnt think men need to do anything. any suggestions?
my teeth have turned yellow?
how should i store flu cold & cough medicine?
can taking minipress during a heavy period cause increased dizziness and nausea? . my  yr. old daughter started taking  of minipress about  days ago for nightmares due to ptsd. she felt a little dizzy in the beginning but was beginning to adjust to the medication. she started her period and all of a sudden the dizziness and nausea has gotten significantly worse.
anus bleeding. i have had some anus bleeding the past couple of months. it is just a small amount and every so often. i can feel a tear at the very end of my anus and can tell that is were the blood is coming form. it seems as if this tear keeps reopening every so often could the be major medical issue or is it just a cut that is not healing fully and is get torn again. i really am don't not want to tell anyone and i am an  year old male but under parents medical plan so i would have to tell them first.
i have an allergy for dust mites now pain in back of head when i cough?
is it safe to take valerian when you are pregnant?
lymph nodes have been swollen for at least  years now tender and hurting?
sprained left ankle for a year and a half. ligament injury synovitis with effusion?
how can hair loss be prevented?
what can cause a period to be late? . i'm  have always had regular periods and i am now  days late. i had protected sex  days ago. i have been under a lot of stress and not sleeping well. could i be pregnant. or what else could cause my period to be late?
i have had  back surgeries ive been having a lot of pain especially when i bend forward?
do cruciferous vegetables have anti-inflammatory benefits?
i have hcv asthma and chronic bronchitis. for the past  days i have had bad upper and lower gi cramps?
other than using bleaching creams what can i do about dark patches on my cheeks?
how can i manage bleeding and swollen gums during pregnancy?
i have had burning swelling and itching of my labia minora on the left side near the vaginal opening. that side has gotten longer than the right side and a little swollen on the outer edges. i also have a whitish/pinkish pimple on the left side of my labia majora. what could this be?
i have had diarrhea going on  months now how can i stop it? . it goes on all day long and it's been this way since sept. . of this year.
sepsis do i have to stop smoking weed and taking ecstasy? . ok so my best mate just told me he has a systematic blood infection and that it's pretty serious. he smokes cigarettes weed takes ecstasy and drinks and i'm really worried that any or all of these habits are going to impede his treatment and decline his chance of surviving. obviously he should stop these habits because he is only  but what i really want to know is if all these activities are going to make his treatment harder. and if so which ones in particular? thanks in advance.
is it safe for a woman to get a tattoo while pregnant?
what vitamins help migraines?
i had  endometrial biopsy-both came negative do i need another biopsy?
can certain medications cause diabetes?
what happens to someone when they get benign prostatic hyperplasia bph?
can my pre-cum on my girl's underwear cause pregnancy? ( i did not ejaculate). hello . so my girl and i had a bit of touching during our hanging out. my penis was out but my girlfriend still had her underwear on and i started to rub my penis on hers. after that i saw a little damp on her underwear not sure if that was my pre-cum or just her sweat because the room temperature was kinda hot. so if it was pre-cum would it go through her underwear and cause pregnancy? my girl cleaned herself after we touch too. (note: i pee a lot before we touched). i'm scared plz help.
could sciatica be caused by a pinched sciatic nerve during a hysterectomy  years ago?
i have herpes simplex virus  i may have passed this to my baby boy?
what should i take for fever and aches?
what can happen if i do not use pain relievers/fever reducers correctly?
who manufactures actos? my mother cant afford it & sometimes skips her dose. do they offer an assistance program?
ive had nasal polyps had them surgically removed now painful what can i do?
when i stretch my legs or my uper body i get severe pain like charlie horses i cant stretch at all due  pain back/legs. i have been diagnosed with lupus and arthritis i had  neck surgeries and both shoulders cleaned out with a tear in my left. the neurologist that done my neck surgery said my spine is a complete mess he perform a full mri of my spine and i have some damage at all levels
is dark chocolate good for  month old baby?
i recently started seroquel and i'm having some side effects should i call my doctor or wait it out? . i get dizzy when i stand up and my hands keep shaking not super badly but enough that i do notice it. i also feel some what nauseous.
what can i do to treat ulcerative colitis at home?
twenty years old with shingles? . i am only twenty years old and i have been diagnosed with shingles. i feel like its spreading fast. i am really worried and im not really sure what to do. the doctor was really short with me and said theres nothing to do but let it take its course. if anyone could help me out that would be great! . -thanks.
any a. d. d. meds that can be taken while on  hypertension med? dr. says no more concerta it will raise bp. have taken concerta in the past (only when really needed to complete a task)
i had a kidney stone removed is there a stone still moving in kidney
what are some steps the public can take to push back at antibiotic resistance?
do my dogs need a rabies and kennel cough shots if they never leave my housr?
are my ankles fractured or sprained.  yrs ago i broke my right ankle & required plates/pins/screws. yesterday i fell & the step hit the front of both ankles. both ankles were swelling cold & numb. i put my feet up & iced them. today my left ankle does not have full rotation but can walk a little  a short period of time. my right ankle is still in extreme pain & i cannot put much weight on it. i cannot move this foot side to side or up. is this foot re-broken or just bruised? is my left ankle just bruised or fractured?
can i be allergic to milkshake but not to milk? . actually every time i eat milkshake or ice cream such as mcflurry at mcdonald few minutes later i start coughing in a strange way and i fell weak. but i can drink cow milk or cheese or anything without felling anything. my doctor told me that was an allergic reaction but he doesn't know to what. so do you have any idea? thanks.
i had a full blown grand mal seizure now having pains right beneath my right ribs?
i haven't smoked in over a year. if i were to smoke a small amount hoe long would it stay in my urine?
its cheaper but is it safe to have my surgery performed overseas?
i have a cough and i'm alsmost positve its broncitus because i get it quiet a bit. recently i experienced swelling. i'm  years old and i get broncitus a lot because of my smoking habbits . and i'm used to all the symptons of it. i reconize them. more recently i started feeling pain in my left breast where i found a circular knot and now today i have swelling and soarness on my ribcage connected to the breast. it feels like i did a workout and hurts slightly when i lay on my left side. i'm not sure if theyre connected. long history of cancer i my fam. ive heard that itsnotpainful. sowhats going on w/my body
is ibuprofen a blood thinner?
what can i say to my son who is watching internet porn?
i am in the mid twenties never had morning erection genitals look like that of a child?
is it possible to prevent skin warts?
my nose and nostrils are swollen and painful after a severe cold. how do i get rid of the pain and swelling? . i had a severe cold with fever and chills on tuesday. my nose dripped constantly starting on monday and lasted thru most of wednesday. thursday my nose started to swell up at the tip and my nostrils both swelled and flared out and are very painful. it is now saturday and they are still swollen and painful. what do i do?
my mother () is currently being treated for her sixth bout of sepsis in  years. drs can never find source. ideas? . she has been seen by many mds and specialists including those at cleveland clinic. she gets treated at hospital takes about a month to fully recover and may be fine for a year or two before it returns -- and the cycle continues. . .
what should i do before i get pregnant to ensure a healthy pregnancy for me and my baby?
i'm a -year-old woman and need to lose  pounds. i can't seem to stick with a diet. what can i do to get started?
can someone get sick (sore throat cough etc. ) from being too cold. such as being in air conditioning?
i live with a person with polyarteritis nodosa pan need advice?
is wearing a bra to bed every day bad for your breasts?
is dizziness normal after receiving a cortisone injection?
what kind of pain should i expect after a knee replacement?
i began suffering with tailbone pain without injury approximately  months ago could it be my mirena?
"which brand shoes are best for people suffering from arthritis? . for individuals with sensitive feet or those affected with arthritis. birkenstock shoes offer footwear equipped with the added feature referred to as ""soft-footbed"" that consists of a foam cushion that is inserted between the flexible cork and latex mixture coated in sturdy natural jute and the suede leather cover sole."
doctor says i should remove my gallbladder need second opinion?
why does coffee give me such an energy boost?
do multivitamins have negative interactions with birth control pills? can multivitamins affect absorption?
should a pregnant woman get the flu shot?
does vitamin b injections raise blood pressure?
i have bloody vomit and diarrhea that comes and goes i have had multiple colonoscopies that have yielded no answer help. these episodes as i call them come out of nowhere and usually last for a couple of days. i have had  colonoscopies and endoscopies since i was  i am only . all these symptoms started after i had my appendix removed. these episodes are debilitating and i usually end up in the er. i have never been give a reason as to why my body is doing this. i just want to be normal again. please help me find out what is wrong with me.
surgery all set to go tomorrow  am. problem i forgot to take the eye drops until  today?
my husband is /o hx. of stroke  year ago. he awakened yesterday complaining of heaviness to his left arm?
my ear strated bleeding today what can i do
"is i safe to continue my birth control if i think i may be pregnant? . i don't know how to say this without sounding stupid but i'm  days late having my period. i'm on bc pills (""the purple pack"" with the long name) but i missed  or  pills this month. i followed the directions ""what to do if you miss a pill"" perfectly. i had sex  days after the missed pill and didn't think anything of it until i was on my ""reminder pills"". i barely had spotting for  day and totally missed my period. is it safe to continue my birth control pills if i may be pregnant?"
my five year old daughter has only % eye sight only on her right eye. do we have any treatment for this?
is my cat pregnant or just fat? . my cat used to be nice and brave but now she is scared and mean. . if you guys have any answers please help! . . . thank you . caytilyn rose mattox
lost  pounds in three months nausea every time they still cant diagnose me?
swallowed large bottle of tylenol need a liver transplant?
should a male with enlarged breasts wear a bra? . a male friend of mine said he was considering wearing a bra due to the extreme size of his enlarged breasts. he is slightly overweight but not obese the problem is he could probably fill a d cup easily. he complains of shoulder and back pain daily. he has been living with this problem for years since his teens and is tired of trying to hide it but he doesn't have health insurance for any type of surgery. so should he wear a bra for this issue?
for a baby what nonprescription medications can we use for colds?
can asthma inhalers cause thrush. i forgot to rinse my mouth after i used my inhaler. and got white all over the inside my mouth. was told it was thrush
i have a knee problem pain is increasing?
can you still get pregnant if you have had fallopian tubes removed? . having pregnancy symptoms but youngest child is  old. .
can too much alcohol cause hemochromatosis?
does losing weight help your penis grow?
can you spread the herpes to other parts of body after touching or scatching blistered area? . i have a breakout now being treated as shingles/herpes with ointment and oral medicine. if i have touched my face or other area can i create another sore?
will anti perspirant cause breast cancer?
"could my child have gotten type  diabetes because of something i did wrong or because of me somehow? . i was recently accused of giving my daughter a ""terminal disease"" because she is a type  diabetic. is there any way i could have been responsible for her having diabetes?"
my mother is weak – confusion and slow speech what can i give her?
i have these brown spots on my body. what are they?
i got my period  days ago n started normal symptoms bleeding light n bloating but no pain. i got my period  days ago n bleeding as normal but now very light bleeding to none but have symptoms bloating swelling in breast but no cramps. is this normal. i have had normal regular periods
will hydrogen peroxide and rubbing alcohol treat ringworm?
how can ringworm be prevented?
there are mice everywhere in my village read it is a sign of coming disease or plague?
"how can i help my newborn who has ""silent"" acid reflux? and how long does this last? . my son who is soon to be  old we thought had colic when things first started (at  / weeks old) but then realized it was acid reflux. he also doesn't latch correctly when he nurses but is very healthy! gains weight with no problems but i know him not latching is has got to be related some how. he's always straight and stiff as a board <negative_smiley> makes gasping and many other noises that are not normal. i have  other children. i know. i need to find how i can help him! this breaks my heart!"
webmd's metabolsim calculator. i have a book that uses weight in lbs x  x .  as the formula for caloric needs from basic daily activities. which gives me a much greater number then webmd's calculator. i am a  year old male. <link>
wat can one do to treat lockjaw
icthy and rashes problem wid my penis and anus? . i hv rashes due to too much itching on sides ov my penis and anus and on legs inner side near to penis and testicals now tell me wt to do?
is it necessary to replace my tooth crown after  years?
hi um  years old and i have been trying to get pregnant for almolst  years
why isn't seattle childrens hospital included in the wa state healthcare plans? . i was told that none of the plans include childrens and now they have to turn away kids that need care. previously they had to treat children that didn't-have insurance now they are forbidden to by the affordable health care act.
what could a non itchy rash made up of circle shaped outlines on my arms and inner thigh be? . i just noticed a red circle outline this afternoon and a few hours later it was all down the inside of my right arm. its nit itchy or causing discomfort its just really odd.
type your question here. can cervical spondilosis cause high blood pressure. my blood pressure goes from high to low in a matter of hours. can this be caused by cervical spondilosis? i also have a headache on the right side of my head when my neck hurts.
can i use sulfameth/trimethoprim to cure a bacterial vaginosis infection? . i have a fishy odor coming from my discharge my discharge is white but will dry kind of yellow i do not have burning when i urinate and no pain during sex or no pain between periods and no spotting i just have a white/yellow fishy smelling discharge
i have a rash on my face?
what is celiac disease?
how much does a toe to knee foberglass leg cast weight?
what is the best color for full porcelain dentures?
does taking prenatal vitamins help with fertility/ conception? . i'm trying to get pregnant and it's taking a very long time i just want to boost my chances of conception a little i've been off the pill for  months now.
can a doctor tell if you've had an abortion or been previously pregnant during a vaginal exam for a new pregnancy? . i had an abortion and am now pregnant again. i had it a year ago - i had a surgical abortion and was  weeks along. my mother is going with me to my first exam. i don't want her to know. can a doctor tell if i've had an abortion or been pregnant before just by looking and feeling? i didn't have my abortion in the state so i wouldn't think they would have my medical files about it. i plan on telling the doctor later about the abortion but my mom will be with me in the room for the first exam.
what is cross-reactivity as it relates to food allergies?
i was diagnosed with uc in . i'm obese and considering gastric bypass. can i have the surgery with my condition? . i have tried every diet out there but nothing has worked for me. i would like some facts on if this is safe.
is it safe to use nail polish while pregnant
finger injury. i am an  year old female. my right ring finger is stiff and painful especially when i type or bend it. when i press on the first joint after the knuckle i notice it also hurts. it has been like this for about a month now. originally i thought it was a stubbed finger because i played softball in june/july  but i can tell it is not this. so what is wrong with my finger?
i have abdominal pain. how long should i wait before going to the hospital. the pain started after i woke up at around maybe : pm. i have been unable to pass stool or vomit since then. my dad had the stomach bug the other day but he had been vomiting when he did. it has been  hours since then. about  hours ago my dad gave me some medicine for nausea and stomach problems but i don't think it really helped; i slept for  hours but when i woke up it still hurt. the pain started when i drank some water.
what age is appropriate to start a strength training routine?
i found a weird looking mole on my breast could it be skin cancer?
stage  sarcomatoid carcinoma  tumors in liver what are best options for treatment?
i hurt my shoulder doctor put me on arm sling now doctor says fractured humuras?
my ears get red suddenly is that a blood pressure issue? . i work  shift and it seems to happen in the early morning. but happens more often now at other times.
missed periods months at a time. so for the past two summers i have missed my periods. in  i had three periods before july nothing in june through december. my doctor gave me medication to make me have a period which i didn't take because i had a period before i started taking them. in  i had four periods but then missed july through now- november . i had my first period at  and now i am . i also have type  diabetes and have had always had irregular periods but now i have lower stomach discomfort.
i have negative calories every day like . is that why i am not losing weight? . i am using the food/fitness counter. i eat about  times a day but end up with a negative  calories a day because of my exercise and activities? is this why i am not losing weight? how do i overcome that? it would seem weird to eat more an additional  calories a day to actually lose weight. according to the tool on webmd that is what i should do. thank you for your help.
could i still have lyme disease? . i was diagnosed  yrs ago. i never found a tick bite so i'm not sure how long i had it before i started antibiotics. i've never felt the same. i'm still just as tired and constantly achy in my neck and back. i get terrible headaches that last days. i get sharp pains in my arms all the time. i randomly get dizzy and i've fainted a several times. a year ago someone said it's allergies so i tried allergy medicines and just got sicker. in sept. i had mono. i'm  and i still feel like i'm dying!
how is travelers' diarrhea diagnosed?
is extensively drug-resistant (xdr) tuberculosis a problem in the united states?
i think i had genital herpies  years ago. never tested. can i be tested now? . i was not sure if it was genital herpies or not. never diagnosed by a dr. have not had other outbreaks. subject came up recently & i would like to know if i have it dormant in me. is there a test for this?
"mystery illness? what could i possibly have? a-fib chronic diarrhea vomiting and nausea. i've been severely ill for almost a month now. i thought i got food poisoning (possible source: subway ""avocado"" that looked an unusual shade of green) about  month ago- have had chronic diarrhea (- a day) ever since. it has gotten progressively worse and now within the past few days i have been vomiting after most meals. i have been emitted to the er  for fluids. one of those trips resulted in my heart going into a-fib (no history of heart problems in the past treated with cardioversion)"
how much protein should consume a  years old  pounds individual? . actually i'm comsuming  grams of protein my workouts are hard. im a bodybuilder.
will it hurt me if i refrigerate milk of magnesia
how soon can i safely color my hair after surgery for a brain aneurysm?
why do i now have a lack of sensitivity in my penis. it isn't numb but takes a longer time to achieve orgasm? . i don't have difficulty getting an erection. i have plenty of energy throughout the day and t tests ok. i haven't taken medications for - months. (celebrex percocet tramadol effexor). i currently take  of vitamin d daily. vaginal intercourse works fine but oral sensation (lack of) is what seems unexplainable to me. . over the last .  years i have had a few cortizone injections in my shoulder and knee. but no major injury to my back.
how get a good skin care? . as an example you are able to blend half teaspoons of honey  vitamin e pills orange juice and yogurt and slather them in your encounter with a cotton ball. then you're able to keep it on for half an hour. this residence combination is thought to help so much inside healing and the moisturizing of skin tissues. try this  or  per week and you will not miss your anti wrinkle cream. <link>
a few months ago i started to noticed that my eyes was starting to get puffy?
i have large brown patches on my forehead and cheeks like liver spots. it's not skin cancer. what do you recommend?
i have had raised bumps on my face for years now?
sometimes i black out and eat a whole cake. should i be worried? this has been happening a lot recently.
should someone go to the hospital if their hemoglobin is . ?
how much of an impact does vitamin d have on breast cancer?
what is hyperparathyroidism related to osteoporosis?
is male catheterization painful with severely underdeveloped adult males?
im have hypothyroidism and losing my hair?
dull aching painis it a fracture?
i am concerned about my aortic valve and pulmonary valve peak gradient need second opinion?
 year having trouble moving his bowels. my son is  years old and this past summer he started having trouble moving his bowels so i took him to the doctor they sent him for an ultrasound because u could actually see little lumps in his abdomen cause he was that blocked. this is only the second time it has happened but he extreme pain it even interferes with his sleep
i suspect my knee pain as calcium deficiency. please advise.
my daughter was bitten by a bunny. is immediate medical attention necessary or can i bring her to her dr in the am?
does ms have anything to do with polio?
what causes toxoplasmosis during pregnancy?
if i have oral herpes can the girl get it if we have vaginal sex dont kiss or have oral sex but dont use a condom?
is there a better chance to get pregnant on your period
"what are some healthy and satisfying snacks for the :- munchies that wont wreck my diet? . i'm a very picky eater. while i'm working to make myself eat them i'm not a big fan of most vegetables. i have tried a variety of things that have been suggested to me such as downing a couple glasses of water low/reduced fat snacks (reduced fat cheese sticks etc) cottage cheese yogurt low-fat deli chicken and cheese ""roll ups"" and other such things. i cannot conquer the evening munchies and feel that i need to if i am going to reach my weight loss and life style changing goals."
lower back pain – what should i do?
my husband was leaning on a metal rail and now that part of his chest has been sore for a month. a little over a month a ago he leaned his chest (the part right below left pectoral) on the railing of fence for about a half hour to an hour long while fishing. he has been complaining that that he has constant aching there since he did that. not a sharp pain but just a constant nagging ache. he has since gone to get chest xray ekg bloodwork etc. to rule out his heart and they found nothing. could it be caused by leaning on the rail?
had mirena for full  years been removed for  months still not pregnant should i be worried. doctor put mirena in even though i have never had children worried about infertility risk.
my son is  and has walking pneumonia. is some activity ok or should he just lay low? about how long?
in dec. when ovulating i had sex. i was  days late but not pregnant. this month it happened again. what is going on? .  year old healthy. regular periods. periods always on time. no extra stress during these times.
is zantac a proper medication for indigestion in a one month old infant?
if i get the seasonal flu vaccine this early will i still be protected in february?
i have a mass in my parotid gland is it a cyst tumor malignant or benign?
despite regular cardio exercise and eating healthy i can't seem to lose weight? . okay maybe i can't lose weight is misleading but i am losing muscle and gaining fat. my exercise includes running for an hour at least four times a week for over a month and eating includes eating salads eggs fruits and white meats like chicken (and none of the junk i won't even allow myself cheat days). in spite of the fact that i have lost  i don't look any thinner. in fact i've gained fat and it's becoming increasingly harder to continue keep the same running time and pace.
covering pre-existing conditions for one or two months. hi i recently ran out of health insurance in jan . i'd like to purchase health insurance for  or  months (and then travel to the uk). questions: . do you have a month by month plan? if so can i get  month see if your health insurance is a good fit and then purchase another month or another  moths? if so what is the pricing please? . do you cover pre-existing conditions? if so what would be the plan i use please? please get back to me urgently by email. thanks
how does a doctor diagnose tuberculosis?
what is advised for a small dog thaat sees to have a fever is baby aspirin ok. i just need to help him till morning it is not an emergency small dog  lbs i tried a damp washcloth that helped
i am not able to register for health insurance on the website and i need to know what it is going to cost me. i will no longer have insurance after november  . i'm very frustrated with all of this. i need help with all of it. i have way too many questions. i also am not employed and need to know what insurance to get and to know how an individual is supposed to live without insurance. unfortunately idaho did not expand their medicaid. how am i supposed to live with no insulin?
i took six benadryl whats going to happen? . i just took them to sleep but whats going to happen? i usually take two and don't usually get drowsy from that and nothing happens. but realistically whats going to happen?
how long should women try to get pregnant before calling their doctors?
can you take acetaminophen or ibuprofen if you are taking a prescription cough medicine that has codeine in it?
i had surgery on friday i noted a swollen lip how could this injury have occurred?
what are pancreas divisum symptoms?
found a bead size bump under the skin right outside of the anal area? what can it be? is a little sore. this is not the  time it has happened i did feel it once before about  years ago and the same thing it was sore around the area and in the same spot; which is losated to back part of the anal area.
what could be the potential risk of not taking medicine for hypothyroidism?
how much of an impact does vitamin d have on depression?
how do i get strength back after hip replacement. surgery was  mos ago. hip is fine just not getting strength back. walking just a short distance wears me out. just had thyroid etc. checked slightly anemic now taking iron supplement along with daily multi vitamin. am vegetarian eat healthy balanced diet. know must use energy to have energy so exercise regularly but instead of exercise getting easier with repetition and being able to do more it gets harder and must really push just to do minimul workout ( postsurgery exercises and walking)
how do i get in touch with a health insurance navigator? i live in florida.
when im ready to increase the amount of weight im lifting how much more weight should i add?
what are some effective relaxation exercises when you have breast cancer?
got a rash  days ago. appears as small red/pink bumps and seems to spread more when scratched. all over body. went to doctor and they couldn't determine the cause of the rash. i have tried benadryl zyrtec and cortizone cream but none of them have provided any relief. i want to see a dermatologist but they can not see me until january and right now it is october . the rash appears as a smooth bump and almost resembles a mosquito bite. some of them disappear rather quickly but all are extremely itchy. scratching seems to make it worse but the itch is almost unbearable.
trying to conceive but no success need solution?
my g/f has a cough for  weeks now and she has been on puffers and not getting better what should we do?
i am scheduled to go on mission trip to build a house but i am pregnant should i go?
how long does the first herpes breakout take to heal? is there anything that can be done for relief other than warm ?
what are the best types of tools you would recommend i have to make sure my portion sizes are correct?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of children's allergy medicine?
can you catch a cold through oral sex?
what is earwax?
i had a contraceptive implant put in a week and a half ago and have constant bleeding since?
what increases the risk of getting type  diabetes recently diagnosed?
what other assisted reproductive technologies (art) are used to treat infertility?
hockey player has ankle problems tenderness bruising and a good bit of swelling?
my pain during intercourse feels like something is in the way. maybe my uterus bladder or inflammation. i have indometriosis and frequent utis. i have had the ebstien bar clamidia and trichonomis. now all of a sudden it seems like there is a blockage. my husband always fit me perfectly before now it's like he cannot penetrate all the way. there's a solid wall and it worries me for him to push on it. i kind of hurts but mostly it is just frightening. i don't want to damage myself internally or anything.
i have been having symptoms of being pregnant but tests show up negative every time. what could this be? . hi! for the past few days i have been having the symptoms of being pregnant; gaining weight my breasts are getting bigger and producing milk and i have been peeing a lot more than normal. i am on the birth control pill but stop taking it as soon as i started feeling these symptoms. also i have taken  pregnancy tests and one came out positive and the other two came out negative. any ideas on what this could be? . thanks in advance!
when can i return to my everyday life with mono? . i got diagnosed officially with mono on monday however i had the swollen glands for about a week prior to my diagnosis. i had a pretty bad sore throat which i was given steroids for which feels better now (last day of taking them tomorrow). i never had a fever and i'm not anymore tired than usual. my question is when can i go back out and do things? i want to visit my cousin at her college for a few days and thought i couldn't go because i would feel too sick but now i feel fine.
after giving birth i continue to vomit  –  minutes after eating?
what treatments are available for chronic hepatitis c?
stopped taking flagyl on friday can i have some wine today? . i am very worried about the side effects that comes with taking this medicine. i finished my last two pills on friday and want to know if it is safe to have some wine today?
do you think i have a std? please answer i'm really worried. my bestfriend and i gave eachother blowjobs. we are straight just experimented. we did for a period of time when i was in  and he was in . then maybe a little during my freshman summer before my soph year. i never did anything like that with anyone else. i'm a senior now. i had a red bump sore on my penis shaft years ago but not sure when that showed up. also had rash on tops of my hands and feet that i've had for years that the doctor said is contact dermatitus.
can i take ibuprophen and viagra at the same time?
when to eat after insulin injection? also how much to eat after your insulin injection?
would my laminectomy of / disk affect the disk above / causing it to herniate?
how is postpartum depression treated?
which whole foods naturally contain sodium?
headache bodyaches fatigue nausea dizzy temp of .  comes and goes for over a year. a/g ratio is . .
im a  year old woman with very swollen stomach has been like this for  months?
what are the symptoms of acid reflux disease?
is there a chance she is pregnant? . i was having relations with this girl and she is on birth control i pulled out and did not ejaculate in her then she bought the plan b morning after pill. her period was suppose to start  days after she took plan b but now she is  days late. she took a pregnancy test and it said negative but is it to early just being  days after sex?
is there a nonsurgical procedure to get rid of the bags under my eyes?
do i have telogen effluvium? i have lost % of my hair and doctors can find no cause or solution - what do i do? . i am a female () and experiencing extreme hair loss for  / years. i have lost at least % of my hair. blood tests for thyroid and kidneys are normal. and negative results of pcos. i have a bmi of  and am moderately active. i take daily vitamins and supplements and there has been no change or improvement. i experience stress but nothing different over the last  years. there is no family history of hair loss or hair thinning. i took birth control for  years but do not take it now.
what surgery options do i have for dementia?
what drugs affect lithium levels. i take lithium resperdal and paxil. i was in the hospital for a cyst and they gave me morphine and vicodin. would the pain killers affect the level of my other medications?
what is recommended dosage of vitamins c and e for early alzheimer patient?
is masturbation a harmful act?
i've been masterbating very frequently lately like  to  times a day and now i've got this sharp pain within my penis? . its actually a burning pain within my penis after i pee but when ive over- masterbated.
i'm currently breastfeeding my year old daughter but we are teying to get pregnant why haven't i been able to xoncieve. i didn't have a period for  then when i finally did the next month i skipped it. period started in sept skipped october had it back in nov then skipped dec again. now i have had both january and february on schedual jan . feb . we've beeb trying for another baby for months now but i'm still breastfeeding. please help
i stoped depo-provera after  yrs in oct  and still havent started period why? . im  old and skiped my shot that was due in october so my last shot was in july  very active and trying to lose weight but  months later still nothing
is it normal to feel liver pain after gallbladder removal? . i had viral hepatitis from bad drinking water in a  world country when i was  years old. now i wonder if the gallbladder stones are associated with this because after  days of having the gallbladder removed i am feeling liver pain. thank you. roxana casas
im  and a virgin had a normal period for  years. i havent had my period for four months is this normal?
is it safe to start taking medication for depression and anxiety? . i am scared to get on medication because of all the side effects but i feel like my depression and anxiety are getting worse. i went to see my doctor and he prescribed me citalopram  and i am suppose to start taking it already.
i am having grade  left varicocele. my left testical is small. can i do abdominal exercises to reduce tummy? . dear doctor i have recently diagnosed with grade  left varicocele. my left testical slightly small related to normal right testicle. my urologist prescribed me maxoza-l (l-carnitine} and  (clomifene+ ubidecarenone) for  months. i using continuously without any gap. i am obese ( bmi  ). i want to tone my abdominal tummy. my doubt is can i do abdominal exercises? or if do can affect or increase varicole or not? please advice me the other exercises to reduce varicocele if there?
i have a speaking disorder is there surgery or medication that can help?
can someone get sickle cell trait if they never had it
will an std show up on a stool culture
each time i use astelin two sprays per nostril twice daily my nose starts to run. is that normal?
i have chlamydia. can i give it to my partner if we have unprotected sex but he does not ejaculate inside of me?
had spinal fusion surg. in july. no more pain but can't regain leg strength with recomend exercises. any suggestions? . after spinal fusion surgery in july pain is gone but even with the exercises recommended by the pt's i am not regaining strength in my legs. cannot lift on my toes and have balance issues. any suggestions?
can hpv be spread to same sex partners
diagnosed with a heart fibro-elastoma - chances it is cancer how to take this thing forward?
how early can you tell gender? . using a  ultrasound how early can you tell the gender of your baby? can you tell at  weeks along?
"i am '"" and weigh only . but i have a -inch waist. why does my fat all go to my belly?"
could i be allergic to the ingredients in synthroid? . if i stop taking benadryl my eyes and the area around them get red and my skin itches all over. what can i do about this? is there an alternative if i am allergic to one of the ingredients in synthroid? is the organic version of synthroid safe? what other alternatives are there? i had thyroid cancer and had my thyroid removed but have been cancer free for  years. i am lactose intollerant and am allergic to grasses.
i lost consciousness twice without any particular reason?
is there a way to stop the stomach cramps and pains my daughter gets from taking adderall?
newborn was treated for jaundice and now is passing blood in stool.
did i just ovulate on birth control!? please read! . i just went to the bathroom and when i wiped i had a mucusy clear/yellowish substance with a small brown tinted dot in the middle. i am on birth control and i just had sex yesterday (wednesday). i finished my period tuesday. am i ovulating? i'm very concerned because i did not have sex with a condom. please help!
is it normal to have a sty for more than a year? . my sty directs inward and painless though it causes my eyelid to have a lump. is it normal to have a sty for almost  years?
could i be pregnant. i had sex with a friend  day before my fertile window. my period ended may  and fertile window starts may . and i'm  days late for my period and a took  pregnancy test on missed period day  and they was negative. i felt like crap for a few days but i think it was because stress should i test again today?
i am  and  pounds. i work out - times per week. how many calories should i be eating? . i now eat  
what are the benefits of dental bridges?
i have numbness in my fingers and feet – feel angry and frustrated
is cancer treatment covered by medicare?
how accurate are urine tests for chlamydia? . i recently found out i was pregnant. at  i had a urine test done & only had a uti. at  i had a pap done & tested positive for chlamydia &been treated. so my partner when to the doctor got urine & blood tests done. no swab. he informed the doctor & they went ahead & gave him the treatment. he got his test results back & negative all across. hes the only partner i've had in  years. im completely baffled. how is it he tested negative on a urine test & i did not til a pap? help ease my mind.
i have sharp stinging pain in my thigh after professional massage therapy is it a nerve injury?
i have pain discomfort almost non-stop frequent urination my life has become miserable?
can i take claritin for scratchy throat
large growth on foot.
what conditions does aches-n-pain treat?
menstrual cycle causes cramping breast soreness enlargement but not pregnant?
near my vagina opening and a little more inside hurts. no discharge it doesn't hurt to pee very few times it itches. at first it hurt to pee and i had a light pink spotting i went to the clinic they found little bacteria in my urine they gave me antibiotics it no longer hurts when i pee and im not spotting or have discharge but my vagina hasn't stopped hurting
im on triquilar for  months and ive been having unprotected sex with my fiancé and we're both healthy. everyone said that triquilar ed causes loss of libido but its been burning me down there after sex everytime. is it part of loss of libido. is it cause of the pill? should i change it? . thanks
i have had a back problem for about  months now. i injured it by falling off a horse?
raised area of skin on labia before period. hi i have a small area on my inner labia minora that is a little raised. i have been stressing about std's sicne i have a sched. pap soon and have never had one. anyways i was looking around down the a lot somewhat obsessing and then it was a little itchy. three months after last having sex last this shows up. it looks like dry cracks in the skin that aren't very raw but are kind of raised. it's hard to see unless you stretch the skin out. i bought monistat cream an it seemed to have helped
what if i cut a ringworm out of my skin. ive had this for about a year antifungal creams dont work im at my wits end of what to do.
can you whiten your teeth while pregnant?
what is the outlook for someone with hiv or aids?
how is a crp test used to determine the risk of a heart attack?
i was diagnosed with chronic anxiety and have had transient anxiety attacks?
yellow jackets stung hand  at once. had pain swelling no anaphlactic reaction. carry an epipen from now on? . was picking blueberries and didn't see their hive. over next few hours pain got progressively worse up to elbow; low fever too. took benadryl tylenol applied vinegar rinse epson soak baking powder paste over next  hrs. . will i now get anaphylactic allergic reaction if ever stung by anything again? should i carry epipen? . hey good news is that arthritic thumb hasn't hurt on that hand for !
do those ear thermometers really work? how do i know if my older digital thermometer is reading correctly?
what options are there if im a recovering addict scheduled for major surgery?
i suspect i have an stis (sexually transmitted infection) i have flesh-colored bump on the right side of my vulva near my vagina
how does higher altitude affect urnation? . i am going to tahoe and yosemite to around   to  feet. i am  and have slowed urination and sometimes have problems on international flights at altitude in a pressurized cabin. i normally live in dallas. .
plan b one step couple days before period could my girlfriend be pregnant? . my girlfriend said she had her period on february . so we had sex on march  and i came in the condom and when i pulled out the condom was still inside of her so like - seconds later she got it out and the cum was still inside of the condom. but we're worry that some may have dripped while it was inside of her. so about  hour half later maybe two hour she took plan b one step. and today is march  almost  and she still haven't got her period i'm really worried that she's pregnant.
can you get pregnant after ovaries removed?
a pimple on scrotum. i have a pimple on scrotum i pop it is a hard white dry pus. after afew days it come back with white pus but is like those pimple we pop on our face those kind of pus. is freaking me out please help and tell me what is it.
i have been experiencing very shallow breathing shivers legs feel numb?
i keep having headche even i diet good and i dont think i have stressful life am happy
i've been constipated for a week with only blood and mucus coming out. i've now got body aches and slight fever as week well. i've tried supositories and stool softner and still can't pass a stool.
if you are lactose intolerant can lactose free milk still upset your stomach? if but lactose free yogurt does not? . dr has put my toddler on a lactose free diet to see if he can help stop the diahrea/loose mucus stools he has. lactose free milk still seems to go right through him but lactose free probiotic yogurt seems to be ok with him. could something other than lactose intolerance be causing his upset tummy. he did get a stomach flu .  months ago which is when he seemed to have started with all his tummy issues. the dr said the mucus in his stool suggests lactose intolerance.
no matter what pair of shoes i wear my heels get dried and flaky looking. so what's the cure for this?
can i get pregnant if he fingered me with very wet cum fingers right after getting off on my leg close to my vagina. we cant remember if it got onto my vagina and he dont know how wet his fingers were but he went deep with one. i think it probably was pretty wet cuz it was almost imediatey and he didnt wipe it off. is it possible i could become pregnant from this.
my grandpa is on a whole bunch of drugs already. one being mirtazapine for his constant worry?
does keeping birth control in your checked luggage on a plane affect its effectivness?
i didn't get enough calcium when i was younger. is there anything i can do to make my teeth less likely to crack?
what is priapism?
shiny red sores on outer labia (line running from top to bottom) had for  years - now  yrs old. had the sore area for - years now (ever since i started my periods) - i take microgynon  (have done for  years) and have been checked for std's (none). i have a shiny red line on each side of my outer labias that run from the top to the bottom and it's is very tender. sometimes i get cuts ans splits in the areas which become extremely sore. whenever i go swimming i come up with a very sore rash that looks like burns. i have eczema cream for mild eczema on my legs and stomach.
how much should a healthy active athletic  year old male weigh?
my son is six and gets repeated nose bleeds since he was little?
can my husband who has never had chickenpox get it from me if i get the shingles vaccination?
can sufameth/trimethoprim show as a benzodiazepine in a drug test?
is there chance of getting pregnant once he has ejucated outside your body? . it's like i'm a virgin. my guy only put his fingers inside me but yeah he rubbed his penis over my vagina. then he ejucated. after that we were done but after sometime we started it again. he was slightly rubbing his penis over my vagina again. so the thing is can i still get pregnant? though i'm still a virgin. he didn't put all his fingers in. reply asap i'm so stressed. if there's a chance then what can i do to prevent this pregnancy?
dentist gave me epinephrine anesthetic i started shaking twitching and moving around uncontrollably?
only have bowel movements once a week sometimes less. is this normal? . when i do have bowel movements my gut hurts really bad. after i go once then i go like  more times and it usually turns to diarrhea.
"is there a blood test that can be performed for a doctor to determine if your immune system is healthy for vaccinations? . how can a doctor tell if your immune system will support the ""shingles"" virus?"
surgeon said he had to take cartilage out from my jaw?
inspiration pneumonia? .  days ago when having dinner thought i might have inhaled this small pasta *. felt it flashed through the throat but i didn't have any coughing or difficulty breathing. can the food go down the air lane w/o touching the walls? i have a little dry cough and fever for  days (.  c) and could it be the reason?
can you get pregnant while on the hormone implant? . me and my lover have had sex occasionally without a condom and i'm on the hormone implant (the matchbook sized one) and i was wondering if i could possibly get pregnant while on that. he hasn't ejaculated inside me if you lot were wondering. i've been experiencing quite a lot of fatigue and nausea no actual vomiting though. just wondering if you all could help me decide if i should be concerned.
i fractured my elbow should i be using an elbow brace
pregnancy complications after bj. in the morning my girlfriend actually wanked me out and i ejaculated in tissues. throughout the whole day i urinated for only once and after that at night she started giving me a bj(without ejaculation but i supposed with some pre cum) then we actually french kissed and i started licking her private part. . this was our first time doing and she and i are actually virgin. can i know whats the likelihood of her being pregnant? i am really stressed out as i am afraid that she will be pregnant.
why cant i drink before bed if it makes me fall asleep faster?
what can a pregnant woman take for a cold?
how can i manage heartburn or indigestion during pregnancy?
my penis is shriveled up head yellow shaft dark i'm . an hour ago i pulled down my pants and my penis was shriveled up the head was yellowish and the shaft is stiff i'm not hard though and the shaft is dark almost kinda purple i can't get hard and my testicals are hanging low and kinda hurt i have been feeling sick the last two days i'm  please help
toddler urinating every  minutes
can a woman get pregnant while breastfeeding?
can i get pregnant if i have sex  days after my period has left
is it safe to take sudafed pe sinus and allergy while taking lisinopril-hctz  (.  mg)?
"my burps smell like rotten eggs accompanied by diarrhea and occasional vomiting! . this has been going on for about a month on and off. happens more often - hours after eating but does present itself randomly. i have tried digestive aiding supplements with no effect. also after a few hours of presenting itself my abdomen area feels bloated and i get terrible smelling gas. after it has built up and my abdomen is very ""full"" feeling is when i vomit. this is affecting my work and i desperately need help!"
can a c-pap machine give you bloating and excess gas?
how long does the birth control pill errin take to become effective?
my stepmother put me on lithium but i dont need it – im not bipolar?
tingling all over sometimes loose  of memory and wet self know nothing of it till after it happens. . have not a clue. been shot   chest  still in lower back  in right temple. still there  yrs ago. lost about  nothing in diet has changed. dr. did complete blood work up and x-rays everything good. plz help
what viruses and /or bacteria can you contract giving a woman oral sex?
can the primary care doctor deny my request to refill my prescriptions until i'm able to find a new primary doctor? . . i have moved a month and a half ago and as yet been unable to find a primary care doctor in my new area. i am within the same state  miles south of my former place of residents. i've had my former doctor for many years. these meds are important to my current health problems which are severe congestive heart failure kidney and adrenal failure two broken shoulders not healed correctly fibromyalgia copd sleep apnea etc
how is benign prostatic hyperplasia (bph) treated?
could i be pregnant or have an std? . soo about  days ago i was drinking for  days straight and the next morning i woke up to diarrhea and started vomiting and had a cold chills. i literally happened all day until my stomach was empty. i even threw up some mucus like substance. after that day was over i felt sick with no appetite for two days. . and now i'm feeling cramps were i think my ovaries are located. also my periods are never on tract but past  months they started on first if the month and i hvnt had  yet and its the .
my mother is suffering from a medical condition of displacement in back bone?
i have parathyroids on my aortic arch. can this cause a heart attack?
what type of arthritis is most common in people who have ulcerative colitis?
someone drinks alot for  nights and takes   oxycodones how long will it take to have a clean urine & etg test? . if somebody drinks heavily for  nights and takes four  milligram oxycodone how long will it take to have a clean urine sample with an etg test and a very sophisticated court drug test?
am i pregnant? . so i had unprotected sex with my boyfriend one day before my period started he did not ejaculate in me and usually my period lasts about - days and my cycle is about  days on average is it still possible for me to become pregnant?
at times i feel light headed jittery shakes tingely all over cold sweats. i experience this usually when sitting. i am afraid to stand up while feeling this for fear of passing out. i have experienced this in church as well as at home while sitting. could be any time of day. sometimes experience this after strenuous exercise such as mowing the grass on a hot summer afternoon
my  year old has been coughing only in the late evening during the night and until mid-morning for many weeks now. . i usually give him  to  l'il critters gummy vites that have echinacea vitamin c and zinc in them every day. he doesn't cough during the day. he had a cold a few weeks ago which has since gone away except for this cough. it actually starts late in the evening right around bedtime continues off and on during the night when he changes positions and then starts to go away around mid-morning. . . i would say it's probably more of a dry hacking cough. could it be whooping cough?
if i have health insurance through my employer will i be required to pay for a marketplace insurance plan?
i developed a rash on upper buttox armpit and behind both knees any idea what type of rash this could be?
will the stork otc conception aid work for a woman who have had a tubal ligation  years ago? and if so is it like ivf?
i am now suffering with very bad pain in my hands and feet my hands feel like they are on fire all the time?
my lips have gotten very thin. what can i do?
my husband and i are under  maintaining separate individual health insurance when we retired. . is there any reason for or against continuing separate health insurance beginning // under the aca?
why does my throat stick out like a turkey?
what happens if you crush or chew a prilosec otc pill?
i have pain when i urinate and blood in urine?
can you have bursitis in the neck at the base of the head?
my  day of last period was  april. the next period date was  may. l missed that. when i will check my pregnancy? . my period is regular. i am  years. don't have children. l don't have period this  may. l just worried. am l pregnant or not? pls reply.
is shingles contagious?
i get feelings of déjà vuneed to close my eyes to make it go away!
new born  month old nephew is suffering from feet gangrene doctor want to amputate toes?
is there any chance of getting genital herpes even if we use condoms and never have sex during a break out? . my new boyfriend has genital herpes i don't. we have not had sex yet but were wondering if we used condoms and never have sex during an outbreak if there is still any risk of me contracting it?
i had unprotected sex  days ago i took morning after pill and had a period  days later can i still be pregnant. i have raised red bumps on my areolas and i don't understand why heard they can be from pregnancy so this is why i had this question
is there a home test for checking potassium. can i check my potassium levels at home
is steph infacon contages
my eye wont open its swollen when i put a warm compress my eye gave offred like blood and sticky white stuff what to do. i dont think its a sty cause it is swollen and its bloody pus that comes out
i just cant gain weight have chest pains get sharp nerve pain in arms and legs?
birth control shot making me fat and moody? . i was on the pill for about  months but switched to the shot because of depression issues. i have been on the shot for about  months now and have gained about  pounds and am very moody. i need to be on birth control but don't know what method would work best for me.
i am unable to keep down my prenatal vitamin. any suggestions on what to take that my stomach will tolerate?
are there some people who should not get a seasonal flu vaccination?
my mother has fibroid gynecologist suggested removal of vagina need second opinion?
is lexapro safe to take while pregnant? this seems to be a very gray area and no one has a solid answer. thanks
i havent had a period for  months?
what are the side effects of taking verapamil sr ?
i had sex yesterday and it was my  day on my period. my boyfriend came inside of me. will i get pregnant?
hi i am suffering from shingles i got this one day ago very painful?
i have a very wrinkly neck! help!
my  levels are at toxicity levels what is wrong?
can valtrex be used to treat lichen schlrosis
concerned about my daughters recent blood work?
i am in college. i have started not eating because i don't have the money. is that still anorexia? . i am a little overweight (female '  lb) but i am fine with my body. i have add and i am taking methylphenidate to help me do well in school but one of the side effects is a shrink in appetite. but i have never gone about  days only eating  slices of bread. i'm not really hungry anymore and i only have $ in the bank. i have some cans of beans and rice but i need it to last  months.
ive noticed that the skin inside my mouth is peeling. what could be causing this?
a dr. has recommended four surgeries be done at the same time is this too much?
what to do when a pregnant women cant eat
i had unprotected oral sex and she said she was clean. next day felt a little sick please help as soon as possible. hello the other day i had unprotected oral sex and she said she was % clean. the next day i woke up and my tongue was slightly white i had a sore throat trouble swallowing food a slight fever and a tight feeling in my chest. additionally i used a tongue cleaner and my tongue bled a little. if you can let me know whats wrong as soon as possible that would be great. i am going to a walk in clinic tomorrow to see what their opinion is.
what is a partial colectomy for colorectal cancer?
can i be pregnant if i am still having a period?
botox is expensive and redoing it every few months adds up. are there any that last a year and can help turkey necks?
can you take a cold or flu going out into cold weather with out a coat or protection? . my husband refuses to wear a coat out in cold weather. he will come in says he is freezing but will go back out without a coat. i tell him he is gonna take a cold or the flu but he says no you wont take a cold or flu just from going out without a coat. whats the truth?
i have had the flu for a few days and now have developed a rash on my fore arms and hands and my knees and inner thighs. i had been running a fever of varying degrees between  and . my normal temp is . . a friend saw the rash and said it is a fever rash. but i can't find any info on it. it does not itch or hurt. just looks very red and angry.
how many calories do you burn passing a bowel movement?
i have pain throughout my body i dont know what it is?
will getting the flu shot or a meninghitus shot cause ketones?
i have high blood pressure what cold remedies can i take?
i have been getting really sever rib pains on both side and front and back?
can being in an un-compatible relationship trigger migraines?
im  years old. i have breakouts and my face is oily. what is the best cleanser toner or moisturizer to use?
i suffer from neck pain due to bad posture is there anything that can help me?
 weeks pregnant is it okay to drink caster oil to induce labor
if you have the herpes simplex  virus in you is your saliva always infected with it? . asking so if you kiss someone are you possibly giving them herpes without an outbreak?
what is an adverse reaction?
my stomach always growls turns and feels bloated after i eat. i also have a lot of flatulence. what could be wrong? . i am not sure what is wrong with me. my stomach growls loudly and obnoxiously after i eat and it is very embarrassing not to mention the fact its very uncomfortable almost painful. i also have excessive flatulence in addition to this. i want to know what is wrong and i am tired of sitting in class with this issue it has been going on for at least  months now. i don't eat fast and i am definently not hungry and i have tried eating more frequent it doesn't help.
i was prescribed the wrong dose of antibiotics?
"what is considered a ""normal"" amount of time to engage in sexual intercourse before ejaculation?"
i have asthma and when driving in a car with the heat on i can barely breathe. any idea on how to cope with this? . for over - years now i've had trouble managing my asthma while driving in the car. i can't have the heat on w/o having trouble breathing. i use the heat with the a/c controller on which i think helps dehumidify the air(not % on that). the only thing i can really do is crack the window to let some heat out so i can breathe the colder air. this happens in the winter obviously when the heat is needed. the biggest problem is when other people ride with me. i can't have them getting cold.
i have started jogging for exercise and the inside of my knees are sore. what i can do before/after to help alleviate?
i have a lot of abdominal pain one side up near the ribs and lower down in the pelvic region?
veins are not visible for the blood test what to do? . my mom is  years old and in every few months she have a blood test. her veins are not much visible so the doctors have to pierce at many places. can anybody suggest what exercise she can do so the veins becomes more or easily be visible or is there any food which she can take before blood test. i don't want her to suffer the pain of piercing at different places. any help will be appreciated. thanks.
why am i losing my voice but no sore throat? . i am just barely getting over bronchitis took antibiotics for it and i am still taking an inhaler.
how can i request to be in a therapy session with my spouse? . my husband has been going to a therapist for ptsd for several years. was never invited to a session. told him that i didn't like his anger and short tempered ways at times says mean things to me and makes me feel left out when he talks to people referring to himself only. i feel sad anxious and left out. he told me to read a book on ptsd which i did. not sure how these issues are from ptsd or is it who he is. need help to understand him & cope.
i have been having bad pain in my left thumb for a month now?
i am a bleeding from my vaginal area i had my period a week ago it does not seem to be comng from my actual vagina. i know that is not coming from my actual vagina. my question is would there be another reason for it and should i be concerned?
is eating smoked turkey parts bad for someone with high blood pressure or diabetes? . turkey parts refer to smoked wings neck legs etc. used for seasoning boiled vegetables like greens.
how can i avoid midlife weight gain?
if someone signs up for health insurance using the marketplace will there be open enrollment next year? . for if they want to make any changes.
i was admitted to icu in a hospital diagnosis: vbi bppv need second opinion?
i got my period on dec  . unprotected sex during ovulation per which was around dec.  . could i be pregnant? . had unprotected sex a few times during ovulation period. i did however get my period on dec . it lasted about  / days. moderate to heavy then stopped. could there be a chance of pregnancy?
over  weeks since giving birth to my third child and i still haven't started my period. i keep feeling like i am going to and think i even saw a tiny amount of light pink but still nothing. i am nervous that i might be pregnant even though i've taken some precaution. why is it taking so long to start? with my other two daughters it took no more than  weeks.
is it true that blackheads cause holes in your face?
will triamcinolone acetonide cream help bell's palsy? . i have some cream will applying it to my neck help aid my recovery from bell's palsy?
how to manage large kidney stones that can't be passed on its own while being  weeks pregnant and not harm the baby. stones are roughly - mm in size. recurrent episodes of pain over the past - weeks. should i stent? how safe are the pain meds (percocet and dilaudid) for the baby.
can you use vicks vapor rub on a  month old
my knees hurt after exercising i can hear there are small sounds coming from my knee and they feel wobbly?
how long can i wait for my second step of root canal treatment?
i am pregnant have chlamydia and a stent in my kidney?
am i pregnant? . last period extended to  days in total. and after three days(on the  th day) me and my husband had unprotected sex. still after  days i couldn't see any sign of my next period. the period was correct before. am i pregnant? what can i do now if i am. is there any way i can avoid pregnancy. a tablet or any thing else? please help
what colic remedies work?
i have temporal lobe epilepsy i feel extremely fatigued after meals is it diabetes?
can asthmatics develop an advair dependency? i'm an infrequent user but find the more i use it the more i need it.
how should i dispose of materials used to inject roferon-a?
can sperm go through clothes? . i was on top of my bf and i were dry humping but he ejaculated. he was wearing boxers basketball shorts and i was in underwear (a thong). some of the semen got on my thong from seeping through his  layers so my first question would be: can sperm go through his clothes and make me pregnant? if not then you probably don't have to worry about my second question. my second question is: if a little semen after going through his  layers got on the outside of my vagina will i get pregnant?
how long would it take cancer to develop after hpv exposure?
how long will hives and itching last as a result of an allergic reaction to sulfa drugs?
if i have genital herpes can i perform oral sex on my partner and not give them the virus?
can you paint a  month old babies nails? . i want to paint her finger nails but i don't want to if it could cause any harm to her. she doesn't chew on her hands or anything like that so i'm not concerned about her ingesting it.
do you get a fever with a viral throat infection?
i have edema would a moderate to high level of fitness – decrease or eliminate the leg swelling?
sex in july i've had period every month on time since then i've taken  pregnancy tests all negative am i being paranoid. can i still be pregnant? i'm really scared i'd be  weeks along if i was. regular period nausea anxiety cramps paranoia bloating fatigue dizziness hazy stomach pains constipation yeast infection at the beginning of every period
how often should i get a shingles vaccine
i was diagnosed with crohns when anemic i have staph infections?
i have a sinus infection and on antibodics but i have this constant dry cough-what can i do about the coughing?
will phentermine show up on drug test. i'm taking a  panel drug test will phentermine show up on it
is it possible to be allergic to hormones?
if i stopped taking birth control after having unprotected sex could i get pregnant?
can you run a fever with pink eye
what are the risk factors of further injury from osteoporosis?
i sometimes feel a mild discomfort under my left brest into my shoulder what could this be? . i have not had a problem with high blood pressure in the past but the last time i had it checked it was /. i am diabetic and over weight. i smoke and am  years old. recently i have been getting dizzy and light headed. when i went to the dr. about this they said it was vertigo. . a lot of the time when i have the discomfort i feel the need to belch. i am worried. please advise.
what is the relationship between estrogen and postpartum depression?
my mother in law has been ill for a month today. feeling very tired. loss of appetite?
could these bumps on my scrotum be cancer?
i've started to exercize and eat better. but i'm getting bad headaches and neasea. yes i drink plenty . i'm  female and overweight. i've strarted to eat better no junk sugar salt. i shoot for around  - cals. i exercise every day alternating between light exercise like walking to vigorous exerise like cycling and heavy yard work every other day. i drink plenty of water. my problem is since i started  days ago i have had daily bad headaches and nausea. ive tried extra sleep more water more carbs and of course excerdine/tylonal/ibprophin. i dont know what to do.
how often should a baby poop my son rarely does maybe once to twice a week? . it concerns me because he is breastfed and  months old now
could i be pregnant? . i had sex with my boyfriend on november . the condom broke but he pulled out and barely came. it was a very small hole. i have been having a white creamy vaginal discharge and i get cramps when i lay on my side. i have gotten some bad cramps otherwise too but no period. i was supposed to get my period december  and didn't. i took a line hpt on december  and it was negative. could i be pregnant? should i wait a while to take another test?
why does my  year old have a lump under the skin and above each nipple and hurts bad? is this normal in puberty?
is self-injury a medical emergency that i have to tell someone about or is it not a big deal? (i am  years old). i'm a  year old girl and just started zoloft for depression and anxiety about a week ago. everything has gotten worse including self-harming (which no one knows about). how long will it take the medicine to start working; and is it important for me to tell someone about the self-injuring or is it not that big of a deal?
are laxatives and stool softeners considerd diuretics? . i have hyponatremia and some of the information refers to some of the causes of this are taking diuretics i do take stool softeners and laxatives and am wondering if the softeners and laxatives are considered 'diuretics'?
i had a flu shot in october how long is it good for.
i have back problems shoulder neck back pain – mri shows numerous issues?
could my child's shortness of breath be related to him being over weight somewhat? . my child is  years old and somewhat overweight. he has shortness of breath all the time not just during activity. he goes around taking in deep breaths a lot and i can tell he isn't getting proper air. he uses his inhaler daily. my husband thinks its because he is overweight but i am concerned. he was put on inhaler because he may have exercised induced asthma the doctor said but that was when he was  years old. could this type of shortness of breath be caused by overweight? .
"can you get bleeding heavier than spotting when pregnant around the time of your supposed period? . i know spotting can sometimes happen during implantation which usually occurs around the same time as the expected period but can that bleeding be heavier than just spotting and still be a viable pregnancy? i had last month's ""period"" lasting  days light flow but more than just spotting after having unprotected intercourse. this month's period is now  days late. also due to personal circumstances i used an ovulation kit during this current month which only returned negative results."
is it possible to go through a second puberty? i went through puberty  yrs ago but symptoms have come back worse
which men are at a risk for colorectal cancer?
could omeprazole cause changes in ecg and increase the heart rate?
i am  weeks pregnant and hypothyroid tsh gone up to . ?
my gf started to get her period last night and we had sex. i came inside of her vagina. could she be pregnant? . i have heard you are safe to have sex during their period.
i have a drug test today and last time i smoked weed was  days ago will i pass clean the test?
i was born with small intestines – now held together with pins im pregnant will pins hold?
my wife is really considering gastric sleeve surgery in mexico is it safe?
can kayro syrup with infants poop. i have a  month old son that just come home from the nicu and he has been having problems pooping and i was told that kayro syrup mixed in his milk or water would help him is this true.
what if i don't buy health insurance? can't i just pay the penalty and sign up for insurance if i need it?
no sleep for two weeks chronice pain weight loss uti extreme anxiety no appetite uneasy vision issues faint. no sleep  weeks stress triggers. weight loss i have chronic body pain i have a uti now i cannot eat i can't relax i am startled nervous dry skin brittle hair joint pain dizziness fatigue vision goes in and out can concentrate high blood pressure. my xanax is not even working. i did get diagnosed with ptsd in april   due to almost being killed by me ex. anniversary dates are hard but my parents are unsupportive lately and have hurt me greatly. i am totally exhausted.
i do a lot of cardio exercises but now lungs hurt i have bad cough that tastes blood?
i'm having shooting pain in my vagina and anus that goes into spasms but i am not sexually active.
ive been following lchf (low carb-high fat) diet for just  months only please advise?
damaged my knee what are available treatment options & recovery time required?
hi my blood group is o- and i sucked few drops of a+ blood from my girl friends cut. is this harmful for me? . hi my girl friend accidentally got a small cut on her hand and i sucked that blood immediately. it was just a few drops. my blood group is o(-) and her blood group is a(+). is this harmful for me. if so what should i do now. please do help me out with this. thanks.
how can i get my -month-old to eat his cereal?
my husband and i are trying to have a baby. i was  days late for my period. and today i'm spotting. pregnant? . i took a test  days ago and it was negative. any info would be greatly appreciated.
is it better to apply heat or cold to sore muscles after stenuous exercise?
what does the varicella-zoster virus infection look like?
lymph nodes have been swollen for at least  years now tender and hurting?
why is sun exposure bad and how can i protect myself from the sun?
my  year old got a hand blister and now she has scabs around her mouth. what could this be. the blister had skin coming out. the mouth stores just happens when she woke up from a nap
i havet  daughters now i want male baby plz tell me what can i do?
i think i might be dyslexic. what do i do? my dad is dyslexic i have trouble spelling i always jumble the letters together. i have trouble with sentence structure too. one of my english teachers asked if i'd ever been tested for anything. i had a tutor once who told my parents she thought i had short term memory loss. i have trouble with money in math and patterning. it just doesn't process it my mine it's like there's a wall. when reading aloud i don't properly process what i reading and i can't focus on the words. so sometimes i say something completely different then what's on the page. i also can't recognize words when reading and need to hear them a few times to know them. when reading an exert for class work i always finish later then others. because it wont process in my mind and i have to keep reading it. i get that when reading books too i'll have to read a sentence over to make it process. and when speaking sometimes my words get a jumbled. does this sound like dyslexia?
my husband takes diabetic medicines. he seems to be very fatigued and in pain all the time. what vitamins can he take?
what surgery options do i have for colorectal cancer?
what are the symptoms of bacteria contamination from salad greens?
when will health insurance rates and plans be available for viewing in the exchanges?
how much sleep should my  yr old be getting a night?
"i think i may have started my period but it is a lot lighter than normal and a different color with almost no cramps. . i also think i have a uti. i have not had time to go to the drs. my ""period"" started the day after my uti and it started about a week later than last month. it is not the normal dark red(light pink/brown) it normally is and my flow is drastically lighter than normal. also on the first day of my period i usually get pretty bad cramps. this time i've barely had any. also as of today i've been feeling naseaus and i have this dull almost crampy feeling in my lower right abdomen and whole lower back."
could my boyfriend's loud snoring indicate a health problem?
does heart burn cause increased heart rate? . i get this feeling of a burning sensation that starts in the top of my stomach and then cause my heart to pound and increase to  beats per min. i then feel nauseous and get some anxiety.
does frequent and repeated cum denial hurt prostate? . i am  and have been practicing masturbation many times daily with cum denial for much of the time since last july and only release about every two weeks. my psa was.  two years ago and .  in january. does this type of masturbation and the frequency of it hurt the prostate? .
i have fever several times a day with pressure in lower abdomen?
how important is the order in which i perform my exercises?
i'm a retired federal employee at age . am i currently affected by the health insurance laws?
should i be applying moisturizer to my neck? will that help to prevent neck lines as i age?
can sperm live inside a woman one- two days before she is fertile? . i had sex on dec. / my fertile days start tuesday dec.  -. on the - i had cramps and for days i have had back pains shoulder pains headaches sleepy moody sensitive feet swollen ect. before that i had unprotected sex with / and /- were my days. last month i was feeling the same things. i was late for my period and when it came on it spotted the first day real light the next day then a dark red the next(still lighter than normal) tests and  -. and  said +
i had wrist surgery it was the biggest mistake of my life?
is counting calories really the trick to losing weight?
i have a itchy rash that comes and goes what could be causing this? . the rash appears in different areas of my body for an example a rash showed up on my wrist and stayed a while and went away. later the same day it appeared on my stomach and then on my thighs etc. its itchy while it is present. at one point my hands first turned red and then start to itch really bad to the point i had to wash my hands repeatedly. i work in the medical field so i wash my hands a million times a day. what could be causing this reaction?
i have no fever but my skin feels hot. what does that mean? . this usally happens mid day and what happens is the core of my body gets hot. my skin is hot to the touch and i feel as though the sun is shining from the inside of my body outwards. it is very frusterating because no matter if i turn the ac on or run ice over my skin in a few minutes the same inner hot feeling comes back.
is sex painful with bph
how early can you start to noticing pregnancy symptoms?
can my trigeminal neuralgia pain radiate down my arm to the tip of my thumb? . i have had trigeminal neuralgia for years. taking anticonvulsant meds has helped my pain but i am curious if the lightning bolt pain can radiate down to the tip of my thumb.
how is transient ischemic attack or tia diagnosed?
how can ringworm of the skin be prevented?
when i wake up in the morning i experience self-attacking thoughts and feelings?
my period stopped two weeks ago and i now have a light brown discharge. it's  days between periods. whats happening?
can i use mineral oil to treat an ear infection effectively?
what are the different types of acne?
how to fix severe chest pain when exercising? . sometimes when i am exercising i will experience severe chest pain where my heart is. it feels like some muscle or bone is tight or constricted in my chest over my heart. sometimes it doesn't happen and sometimes it does. the pain slowly increases as i continue to run and slowly decreases when i stop or walk. i have tried to just keep running through it but the pain will just increase until i have to stop because i am crying and the pain is unbearable. what can i do to fix it?
what can i do to help the burning and itching that comes with a yeast infection? . i am  and i think i have a yeast infection. i've never had one so i described the symptoms to my mom (redness itching burning and a discharge). she said we have to go see the doctor but they didn't have appointments until next week. she gave me so monistat to aid me for now but it only made it worse. my question is what can i do to fight the infection until i see my doctor? i have a cold compress on the area and it helped a lot but i want the itchiness to stop altogether.
i am a generally healthy  year old who has had multiple normal ecg's. am i fine? . i suffer anxiety attacks and am a hyperchondriac. during the height if panic attacks i have gone into hospital for ecg. all have come back fine and normal. i also was able to organise a chest xray and blood tests. all normal. should i feel assured that my heart is fine and stop worrying about it or is there other tests i should really do to be sure?
i have a patch of dry flaky itchy skin on my cheek. it has spread to my ears neck and forehead. is this psoriasis?
can warts from a childs hand be passed on to my animals. . my dogs are going to be watched for a week by a family with a child who has a multitude of hand warts and they are now being treated with a salve and medication. he is four. can my dogs get the virus from playing with him or licking him.
can vitamin e supplementation cause hemorrhagic strokes?
how is acid reflux disease diagnosed?
what would happen if i took kangaroo a female arousal pill while pregnant
could i be pregnant? . i have been on birth control for about five years now. my periods come regularly. when my husband and i have sex we also use a comdom as well. well during my inactive pills when he pulled out the condom stayed in. i have finished my birth control and i have missed my period. i have take pregnancy test and they have come back negative. could i be pregnant
swollen and bruised left foot no injuries. my husband's left foot is swollen and bruised  yrs ago he broke his jaw and then had blood clots in his lungs we went to er and they did blood work and ultrasound on leg neither test showed any blood clots the color some what came back over night but now that he is moving around its worst than yesterday.
ive had a melanoma before so how can i prevent another?
i have been diagnosed with tuberculosis disease but me and my family doubts this diagnosis?
how can you detect lung cancer by performing a biopsy on the liver?
what is the difference between ovarian cancer and cysts on your ovaries?
how do i get protein if i am a vegetarian?
i have pain in chest my doctor thinks it is inflammation but i am not sure?
how can i become pregnat if my husband has had a vasectomy?
"why do my feet get cold? . -happens even when it's warm. -happens at all times of day. -started happening right around the time i started puberty. (i'm a  yr old male ~' "" ~ lbs)"
what is a silent migraine?
i am  years old. i want to increase my penis size. will dht or testesterone help? other method could be suggested?
"i want a daily vitamin for my husband & i. i am  and he is  both fairly healthy just busy with work. any advice? . he works nights and it seems like every weekend he is not feeling % because of the ""graveyard"" like shifts. also we dont get much time to eat but what we do eat is fairly healthy."
if i take hydrochlorothiazide in the morning at  a. m. and a metoprolol at  midnight is that too close together?
effects of overdosing red birth control pills
does vela smooth really get rid of cellulite if so won't it also work on the fat under my chin my double chin?
how long after you eat a meal will your stomach be considered empty?
do your permanent teeth grow as you get older?
how is hypothyroidism treated during pregnancy?
is clindamycin effective in treating syphilis?
how can i change my daily routine which includes smoking a cigarette with my breakfast?
diagnosed with ulcerative colitis developed an swelling/growth around the vagina?
my kid was diagnosed with hand foot and mouth disease by one doc and chicken pox by another?
my knees hurt after exercising i can hear there are small sounds coming from my knee and they feel wobbly?
how can i prepare for pregnancy if i am diabetic?
will being on viagra reduce the chances of my wife getting pregnant?
i had a -vessel by-pass in  with  stents from -. . does this medical history affect my health insurance premium?
feel very depressed fingernails and toenails very brittle. hair loss. hair is kinky straw like. pale skin. insomnia. suffer from copper deficiency.
about a week ago i had a severe ear ache for one day ear ache gone now and feels like fluid inside my ear? . i can feel and hear crackling noises inside when i bend over hic-up or yawn. my ear feels warm on the inside of my head but not to the touch with a finger. i have no pain.
can someone contract virial/bacterial infection by being in a large group of people?
no period after using depo should i be concerned? . got my first depo shot on november  . my last shot was july  or  . and i bled that whole time i was on the shot and after i stopped getting the shot i haven't had a period since.
i have a lump on breast with mucus colored discharge?
my husband has shortness of breath. the doctor said he has the lungs of a  years person. what does it mean? . he did a spirometry doc said he doesnt have copd. he does smoke. if he stops smoking will the lungs recover or is a permanent damage?
how can gallstones be prevented?
i contracted a spinal infection and  operations later i have been left with a damaged spine?
do teens always get pregnant after sex?
can people who have had kidney transplant eat feta cheese. can people who have had a kidney transplant eat feta cheese?
what increases the risk of getting lupus systemic lupus erythematosus?
what over-the-counter or home remedies can be used to maintain white teeth?
suggest any medicament or excercise for curing phimosis. any diet for such. i regularly do gym and drink  litrs water. i have done survey on internet that phimosis can cured using betamethasone topical cream. i have done penis stretching and used betamethasone cream. my phimosis is now suppressed. but when my penis errect it doesn't show my glance penis out of skin i have to stretch manually.
can asthma inhalers cause thrush. i forgot to rinse my mouth after i used my inhaler. and got white all over the inside my mouth. was told it was thrush
does kaletra cure hiv or aids?
i had rta and broke my right homers after nells fracture still moving?
my dr. diagnosted me when this bacterial vaginosis. my lower abdomen hurts to touch and when i urinate as well. my belly button inside feels like i've had surgery and sharp pains. after i eat my stomach also swells. i had a slight blood in my urine test no uti.
can a loose or infected tooth cause headaches
i am  weeks pregnant and i just recently aquired this migrane that has not gone away for over  hours is it normal? . with this migraine it radiates from the base of my skull on the right side of my head. i occasionally see white from the pain when i blink. i have not been able to get rid of it i have tried the cold wash cloth thing on the base of my skull and it has not worked. is it something i need to see my doctor for right away? .
can a child get sickle cell trait from their grandparents or great grandparents if their parents dont have it? . my first son was born with sickle cell trait and i was wondering if it was possible to have gotten it from someone else other than his parents. i know i don't have it but my husband has no clue. so i was wondering if it deffenatly came from my husband or possibly the childs grandparents or great grandparents.
are denture adhesives safe?
bathing tips for post inguinal hernia (surgery) at home? . any soap or anti-bacterial soap. are showers o. k?
haven't smoked in  days have a hair test in .  months. if i shave every single hair off my body now will i pass? . i stopped smoking marijuana for  months (used to be a everyday smoker) and then this past month i slipped up for a week and smoked a couple of grams however i stopped again  days ago. my drug test is a hair follicle test and is in a month and a half (about  weeks). . so my question is if i were to shave every single hair off my body hair pits legs privates everything. in  weeks when i have my hair follicle test would the hair that grows back be good to go and come up clean? . thank you
our dog has ringworm. is it true that it is very contagious -- we can get it and spread it to other people?
i have aneurysm of the left basilic vein doctor can perform an aneurysmectomy. need second doctor opinion?
how many calories does sex burn?
i am having a medical problem that has not been solved as of yet?
should someone that takes metroprolol trazadone zantac and singulair take a one a day vitamin with energy?
do children outgrow food allergies?
i am eligible for medicaid. can i drop the insurance offered by my employer and just have medicaid? . i currently have insurance for my family through my employer. under the new income guidelines in my state we will be eligible for medicaid. under the health care reform act will i have to pay a fine for not keeping my employers insurance? i'm not sure how all this works. thanks mark
do i need the d-tap vacine if i had whooping cough as a child? . my daughter is pregnant and wants me to get the t-dap vacine but i had whooping cough as a child. do i still need to get the vacine?
what is the difference between hydrocodone-acetaminophen and acetaminophen-cod#
can infants get strep throat?
what is amino acid therapy in substance abuse treatment?
why would my pharmacist replace oxycodone with endocet on my latest refill? can i refuse the substitution?
around how much does bladder surgery cost without insurance. i just found out that i have a prolapse bladder and was wondering around how much surgery cost with no insurance
is shingles an mrsa (staph) infection?
there have been problems in the past with insurance companies denying certain tests or procedures. . does the new health care law address or change these issues? will insurance companies still be able to block treatments they deem too costly or unnecessary?
can milk block the effect of appetite suppresants? . i take phnetermine in the morning and diethylpropion in the afternnon. i always drink a cup of milk with my breakfast in the morning and then no more. i heard that milk can block the affect of appetite suppresants and was wondering if that was true? i hope not but i have to have my milk with breakfast in the morning as i can't stand coffee and don't really like anything else with my meal.
can using prednisone hide positive results from multiple sclerosis testing?
urinary tract infection. i am pregnant. what can i take that will not harm the baby? and it's going on a month and couple of weeks since i found out. can this harm the baby since i waited so long to cure the infection? .
what causes hernia?
how can i manage hemorrhoids during pregnancy?
what are the symptoms of gastroesophageal reflux disease gerd?
i think i have irrated my liver from alcohol and tylenol. can i treat this?
what can i eat until my fungal throat infection gets better? . i was diagnosed with a fungal infection of my throat after i found i couldn't keep food down and felt like my reflux was coming back. my tongue and throat were full of the white thrush-y stuff and my doctor thought that it was fungal.
i had one of my ovaries removed could i be infertile?
can i take benadryl with decadron. i took decadron yesterday and have broken out with a rash on my face as well as redness- looks like a sunburn. can i take benadryl with this steroid?
should i be concerned about heart beat in ear. when it is quiet i cann hear heartbeat in my right ear.
why do i feel lazy and sleepy the whole day?
what does it mean if your only given one dose to clear chlamydia? how long does it take to clear after the one dose?
i had unprotected sex during my infertile days. can i be pregnant?
how to get rid of an infection with stitches? . my mom fell and got a pretty deep cut in her knee and she had to get stitches. it has gotten so swollen she cant really move out of bed with out being in a lot of pain. she went to the doctors they told her it was an infection and gave her some antibiotics. well that has been about  days and it has gotten worse. shes allergic to penacilin so any suggestions?
is choline good or bad. studies by steven zeisel have shown that most people don't get the necessary amount of choline and those most deficient show fatty liver and or muscle damage in up to % of men. the best sources of choline are from lecithin in eggs and liver. however in the last couple weeks two studies have come out showing gut bacteria convert lecithin and carnitine into tmao which is linked to artheroschlerosis heart attack and stroke. what do you think.
my mother is  when she stands up for a little while she wants to pass out?
is it okay to train my abdominals every day of the week?
the glands on the right side under my chin are very tender. what does that mean. i have been having these symptoms for about a week. my forehead hurts mostly above my right eye and my cheek hurts also on my right side. the glands on my right side under my chin are tender and they hurt a lot when i cough. could this be a sinus infection?
i had a miscarriage a yr ago i now get random sharp pains in my abdomen around the time i am ovulating is this bad? . i had a miscarriage a year ago and had to get a d&c. i now get random sharp pains in my abdomen around the time i am supposed to be ovulating could something be wrong?
baby had a fever for  days and now that has gone but a rash has appeared on his back. is it just viral? . baby is  months old. the rash disappears when pressed.
is it safe to exercise if i have asthma?
i may have henoch schonlein purpura need confirmation and advice?
"husband had blood in urine saw urologist had ct scan  stones &cyst on kidney ct showed spots on lungs help? ! . he has had kidney stone in past. painful but no blood. he woke up last saturday went to bathroom urine was blood we saw blood separate from urine in toilet. blood lessened over weekend went to urologist monday had ct scan that revealed  kidney stones&cyst on kidney; but also revealed ""spots"" on lungs. dr. ordered chest ct for tomorrow saying this is taking priority over kidney at the moment we are nervous as this was unexpected what could it be? he is  and has always been in good health."
i had a kidney stone removed is there a stone still moving in kidney
what are the consequences of osteoporosis?
what can cause blood and pus drainage from an adult's belly button for weeks even after heavy-duty antibotics?
had a tubal ligation in  is it possible that i can get pregnant. what is meant if the surgery is done correctly in one of  ways? what does this mean
ive noticed that my kids grit their teeth just like i do. how do i prevent them from doing this while they sleep?
can obstructive sleep apnea cause erectile dysfunction?
im getting very bad bruising all over safe to inject clexane in bruise?
what are the symptoms of acid reflux disease?
does being hungry all the time subside after a month or two of being pregnant?
what is your opinion on olive leaf extract?
where is malaria a prevalent?
orthopedic doctor claimed surgery is the only solution for shoulder problem need second opinion?
quit smoking  days ago. relapsed today. smoking a half of a cigarette. will i go through physical withdrawal again?
what does it mean when there is a red blotch on your scrotum? . hello i am a  year old male and just recently found a red blotch on my scrotum it isn't itchy and it is always moist i am not sure if the moisture is puss or sweat i think it might be some fungal infection or just jock rash but can someone tell me what i might have?
i have a very high metabolism and i can't gain weight. how can i lower my metabolism while exercising more? . i'm  years old ' tall and weigh only about -. i'm also not very active. i want to start running and lifting weights but it's tough for me to gain muscle because i have a very hard time putting on weight. what can i do to lower my metabolism enough to start putting on weight and getting bigger? i also don't eat very well but tend to eat a descent amount of protein every day.
i am currently unemployed with no wage income but do have money coming in to me as an annuity. will i be able to receive a subsidy for health insurance since the return of the annuity is my own money?
i stuck some stuff in my urethra( q-tips)and now it hurts when i pee will this problem go away if not how can i fix it. the q-tips are't stuck or anything also yes i realize this was a dumb thing to do and wont do it again also i am a female
i am a type  diabetic. i bit into my tongue rather deeply while sleeping. what if anything should i do?
is yoga good for fibromyalgia and degenerative disc disease
i had took a bath and my vaginal area starting to burning really bad. my vaginal area sometimes itch. and then i had like a rash on my clitoris i think its called. than i felt a cut under a clitoris and above the private part. my vaginal area sometimes itch.
can adult sunscreen lotion cause a rash on children?
i am wondering if nuvigil has any kind of stimulant in it; i am on  milligrams?
my wife had a sudden body pain attack we need medical advice before undergoing medical treatment?
my frenulum tore so i decided to cut it off?
i was taking  mcg of melatonin. now i can only find  mg. which is stronger?
is it true that the hepatitis c virus cannot survive for more than two hours outside the human body?
if i have colitis is it safe to have hernia surgery? . i am  years young and want to get into better shape. i also have colitis and have had  inches of my colon removed about  years ago. now i have a hernia and my doctor just wants me to wear a truss/belt but i am trying to get in better shape and want to start working with a personal trainer. my doctor does not want to perform the hernia surgery for fear it would cause my colitis to flare up and cause me further problems. should i go ahead and have the laparoscopic hernia surgery?
what are some signs that i might have genital herpes?
i had a epidural for pain today in my lumbar i have started to feel worse?
have a little hard lump near adams apple. moves when i touch it and moves when i swallow. anyone else had this? i am a  yr old male
i have cellulitis. my wrist is swollen and painful? what can i do?
very low blood pressure / i am on blood med please advise?
what can i take over the counter after having a total hyseterectomy?
my husband has sinus headaches that wake him up every night. decongestents don't help and ct scan showed nothing. he will often take steam showers to break up the congestion in his head then have to sit up for  or  hours for his head to drain enough to go back to bed.
"am i more vulnerable to ""catching"" a cancer if i currently have the flu."
my son is  and weighs  lbs i was wondering if it was normal for him to not want to eat much
can i take st. john's wort safely with metformin enalapril simvastatin hctz and omega- fish oil?
what causes gerd?
how do i cure constipation that lasted for  months? (-year-old male). i have constipation since jan . i used to poop early in the morning once a day and it would just take me about  minutes to finish. now i take - mins in the toilet and even after i get up i still feel incomplete emptying. the urge to poop would come back again at noon after eating lunch. my poo is usually  in the bristol stool chart. my poo gets stuck somewhere deep in the rectum and not at the anus. i've tried probiotics exercising more water fiber fruits veggies laxative. none work
i had sex with my boyfriend everyday for  days starting on the last day of my menstruation. can i be pregnant? and can i still take nordette on the  day
what causes anemia?
what is dysuria?
im a male but biologically a female may have avoidant personality disorder symptom?
can shingles appear on both sides of the face? . my blisters are concentrated at my hairline upper lip nose (which is very swollen ) and both of my cheeks. i do not have a fever or chills but do have an upset stomach. i have tingling pain and itching at the same time. if not shingles what else could it be?
is there a gland at the base of a man's skull that has anything to do with sexual performance?
is cleansing hard on my kidneys? . i have been hearing that a new tool to loosing weight is to include one or two cleansing days per week does doing this put extra stress on the kidneys? what is the best advice for loosing weight with kidney disease?
smell disorders phantom smells olfactory hallucinations taste disorder phantosmia. i cant take it anymore. i smell weird stuff all the time. cigarette smoke chemicals crap etc. its  years now and my taste buds are not there anymore. i can barely taste my delicious cooking. i have seen neurologists had negative mris of the brain i have seen  ents with no results. what to do? so strange.
what are those jelly-like crystals in my baby's diaper?
is using a c-pap safe during pregnancy?
i feel worn out cant sleep nauseous and cold?
how to tell if you have fractured bone in hand? . i went to er for x-rays after my hand was crushed in the rollers of an electric fence. they said nothing was broken my hand is swollen and bruised and the bone for my second finger in my hand hurts to touch and feels like there is a rubber band going from my second finger down into my hand my knuckle also feels like its popping in and out when i bend my finger. was just wondering if maybe a fracture was missed and if i should ask for another x-ray? this happend thurs --.  days ago
my  year old daughter has been having a shooting pain on the top right of her head?
my mom is in a depressionwhat can i do?
i had terrible tooth and gum pain on the right side of my mouth with both upper and lower teeth? dentist doesnt see anything wrong?
diazepam interaction with oxcarbazepine? . i have read conflicting information one site say's trileptal lowers valium the other say's it increases its effect? valium has both the   isoenzyme. and. hepatic/intestinal enzyme  metabolism? the   increases blood plasma of valium but  decreases it? i found this when i was trying to find why i may have felt major anxiety on this new med trileptal. is it decreasing my anxiety medication? . thanks in advance!
i got tested for chlamydia last december (positive) and took  of zpack drug over  days. no sex since. retest?
i'm not sure if i have a pilonadil cyst i have two holes above my anus but i have no pain or leakage
i was told my ongoing chest pain is not cardiac related need second opinion?
is eating smoked turkey parts bad for someone with high blood pressure or diabetes? . turkey parts refer to smoked wings neck legs etc. used for seasoning boiled vegetables like greens.
can getting the flu shot raise blood pressure? . i have been monitoring my blood pressure for about  weeks now and the readings have been normal (/) but i noticed ever since i received my flu shot from a few days ago my blood pressure has been reading higher (- range/). is this a side effect of the flu shot?
what conditions does childs ibuprofen treat?
last year my right hand often had the cramp from the shoulder until the fingertips.  months later my back felt slightly painful like period pain's.  months after that the pain went upwards until the end of my neck near to my head it was painful to raise my head up. this year  weeks before my chest started to feel heavy and hurtful. both of my back and chest felt as if shards of glasses were slashing along the ribs and spine. short of breath most of the time. now my right leg the calf is having some sort of muscle cramp along the bone just like how it is like with my back. i was told by friends that i walked unstably but i don't drag it though. sometimes forgetful and emotionally unstable. maybe due to the stress. cannot sit or stand or lay down for too long. i'm getting thinner and lost  kg i eat a lot. went for mri xray blood test urine test nothing next appointment i'm going to have brain mri and emg. any possibility of me having als? what is wrong with me?
i have hep c antibodies (no symptoms cleared w/o treatment not chronic). can i transmit the virus to a sex partner?
have bronchitis for  weeks. still have throat pain constant nasal drip and some neck pain. what should i do? . had z pack about a  / weeks ago. also was taking cough syrup with codene. and advil cold and sinus. also have dry mouth which i never had before. should i see the doctor again and get a throat culture?
does nicotine retard bone healing? . my wife is having spine surgery and she was ordered to stop smoking cigarettes as it would retard the healing of the bone fusion. she has stopped smoking cigarettes and has started using an e-cigarette. s ue is concerned as to whether the nicotine by itself can retrd healing.
i have debilitating shoulder pain acupuncture physio and doctors may have caused permanent damage?
could genital warts of some sti be wrongly diagosed as piles?
my mother in law has been ill for a month today. feeling very tired. loss of appetite?
"i'm pregnant and don't want to bother my health care provider with ""false alarms "" but when should i call?"
i am having burning stomach pain since i quit taking prilosec. why? . i stopped taking prilosec after developing severe arthritic pain in multiple joints and an xray showed thinning bones. i am now having burning stomach pain mostly after eating. i have switched to generic zantac but still battling the burning sensation. i did wean myself off the prilosec but i am wondering if i did it too fast. any help would be appreciated.
im  weeeks pregnant and im having a lot of clear discharge. what should i do or what does it mean?
how are young men's genital exams performed - with the patient standing or supine? underwear on or off? wearing gloves?
i am allergic to penicillin. can i take amoxicillin?
does it make a difference how long it's been since last ejaculation? does sperm have to be kept fresh to be fertile?
i have burning sensations on my chest and whole body had false diagnosis need second opinion?
it's been impossible to find employment here for many years. my weekly unemployment benefit of $ runs out in mid-december. in nj single people with no children are not eligible for any government programs like food stamps help with paying bills or rent or property tax waivers. is there a healthcare coverage option for people with no income?
i need help finding a specialist and support group in my area for fibromyalgia/ cfs. any suggestions please? . i was diagnosed  months ago. my gp has tried to help but has run out of answers and doesn't know who to send me to. i have called all over the place and seen some specialists but they are general specialists. i am hoping to find someone with an interest in fibromyalgia. i also have bad depression and anxiety and my psychiatrist suggested i find a support group. i searched but can not find one in the area. i am feeling hopeless in my search. please help! i live in washington county wisconsin.
can birth control lead to infertility?
can i take a cough medicine when im taking clindamycin hcl  mg
can diet help counteract the side effects of lupus medications?
i have a red nipple and rash arount it. what cant cause this
i need to know what all of the dangers are for giving an  month old caffeine &  flu shots w/in  months please. we recently found out that my  mo. old granddaughter is being given mt. dew coffee & even cow's milk when she's lactose intolerant. she also rcvd her  flu shot at birth in feb yet her father had them give her another one this week. i need the facts on the dangers this all poses please
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of oxytetracycline-polymyxin b?
i have been gluten free for roughly two years but still have major bowel problems?
i had a wart frozen at the doctor's office a year ago. he told me to take a vitamin to weaken virus. what was it?
is it possible for the female to test positive for clamyida and her partner tests negative?
is eating brown rice really any healthier for us than eating white rice?
stage  throat and neck cancer undergoing chemo and radiotherapy need second opinion?
i've been masterbating very frequently lately like  to  times a day and now i've got this sharp pain within my penis? . its actually a burning pain within my penis after i pee but when ive over- masterbated.
bleeding  weeks after period. no pregnancy symptoms. just got off bc after period. am i pregnant or is my cycle off?
does my period stop in water. i have been told it does but i read on some websites it doesn't and i'm going an vacation this weekend to a water park so i want to know if i can get in the water thanks
im only  but experiencing health issues associated with elderly people?
why is gall bladder removal the automatic prescription when gallstones are found? are alternatives absent?
could i be pregnant? . i had sex on the  january we used a condom and i'm pretty sure we used it properly. i had a period on the  january it lasted six days and seemed very normal. then on the  january i started spotting and this continued until the  february. the colour varied between red and brown. i was due to get my period on the  february but there are no signs of it coming. i don't have the money to get a test right now what should i do? am i being paranoid? thank you for your help.
im  weeks pregnant and am sick with a sinus infection and cough. i have been using a neti pot but it is not working.
safe to skip period on lutera? . hi . i'm currently taking lutera birth control pills and i'm interested in skipping my period. today is supposed to be my first day of the placebo week. i have a lot going on right now and would prefer to not get my period this weekend. since lutera is a low hormone pill is there any risk of pregnancy if i go directly to the new pack today?
i am  and have knee pain. people say that its growth but can it be something else seeing as i do a lot of sport? . when my knees hurt it is usually during and after strenuous exercise or when walking down steep hills.
 week old vomiting from mouth and nose but scan doesnt show piloric stenosis?
i am suffering from knee pain loss of appetite and vitamin  deficiency. please help me.
truth about frank's sign und what it implys. hi <positive_smiley>. i've of the sign called (frank's sign) and that it implies a heart disease or something like that. i just want to know weather it true and this sign is in a matter of fact a sign for a disease. if that is the case which disease can we identify from this sign? and are they vital? . thank you so much <positive_smiley>
does early mens means early menopause too? . i had my first period when i was  years old and since then i have regular menstrual cycle (for five days). usually i experience heavy flow every second day of my period. now that i'm  i don't experience heavy flow on my second day anymore and even more surprising to me is that i'm just having spots on my third day. i've noticed this since last year before i used bcp for my acne. i wanted to know if this has something to do with how young i am when i started having my period.
does coconut shampoo deter head lice. i really need to know if coconut shampoo and conditioner keep head lice away
my baby had immunization in uk and he should have done the third shot but cant?
what are some treatments for male infertility?
missed my period for  months now
my nose swelled up and began bruising when will the swelling go down? . yesterday i got punched in the face i've never bled from my nose this was the first time. immediately one side of the nasal ridge began to swell up. i iced it for  on  off and took ibuprofen. later the other side of the ridge swelled up then the top of the bridge and around my eyes. i iced around my entire face. i woke up this morning with bruises underneath both eyes. you can follow a straight line through the ridge until the tip. please help how can i make the swelling go down quickly?
my child had blood in his stool. should i wait to see if the next one is normal or take him to see the dr?
what is a yeast-like infection prior to menstrating? . every month about - days before i start my period i get a yeast-like infection. if i try to use over-the-counter treatments the itching and discomfort increases. if i use an anti-itch ointment like vagisil it burns as if i have put rubbing alcohol on my vagina. usually within - days of starting my period the discomfort goes away. i've had sex maybe  times in a year and i have had the same partner for more than  years. i know he's not having sexual relations with others.
what kind of doctor treats sciatica?
what causes colorectal cancer?
vagina odor? . had unprotected sex on a saturday. then sunday started my period ( weeks early) lasted until saturday. ran out of tampons on friday and bought a cheap brand - after inserting tampon i felt burning and cramping pain  hours after. took it out then sunday started having vagina odor its been three days now with odor and have cramping pain in pelvic area discharge seems normal. any ideas?
i got stitches and a filling over the stitches after tooth extraction. how long do i wait to smoke? . i went to finish a tooth extraction today that the doctor couldn't finish last friday. however he still couldnt finish it because the pain was unbearable. now he recommended me to an oral surgeon and gave me stitches and put some sort of filling ( although i'm not sure what it was) on top of my stitches. it stopped the bleeding. how long should i wait to smoke? will smoking harm that area even if i wait  days?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of rotavirus vaccine live penta?
clitoris paincan't stand touch. found a white thing under hood and now i know why it hurts what can i do about it? . been to many docs they said it's normal. orgasms hurt touch hurts sitting hurts. my sex life is ruined. i didn't have pain when i was younger. looked at it today and there is a white thing maybe ripped skin is it fixable? i am very concerned! . i also have something that is getting bigger by the day in my vagina. whatever it is blocks entry. i had stage  cervical can er a few years ago it burns to touch. refuse to see docs here they are horrible i think it will kill me what can it be?
can you tell me the best way to get rid of old prescriptions without flushing down the drain?
took escapelle because of precum. irregular bleeding. pregnancy or side effect? . last week i had brief unprotected sex. it was about a day after the end of my period. he didn't ejaculate inside me but i was paranoid about pre-cum and so decided to take escapelle pill. now about / days later i'm having some bleeding. what are the chances that i am pregnant? could this just be a side effect of the pill?
my boyfriend has an extra bone in his leg?
i have had chest xrays blood work a heart monitor and a few other things done to check my heart and everything came up normalbut?
do i have some type of bone cancer? i have had multiple cbc panels done and every time almostall are elevated such as wbc are .  mcv .  and so on. i have a recent bone marrow biopsy was diagnosed with leukocytosis macrocytosis eosinophilia. some of my symtoms are; severe deep bone pain fevers night sweats significant weight loss loss of appetite prominate digital clubbing migrain headaches slightly down outside of arm and top right shoulder pain swollen under right arm(pit) area and more. the pain is overwhelming and i'm not getting hardly any sleep. oh the newest symtom is pain in the left side toward the bottom of the rib area. please let me know what you think as far as any kind of bone cancer and what kind of professional do you think i should see. thank you!
i started having severe pain in my lower back and left side abdomen just under my bottom rib should my doctor do other tests?
what can i do to help cope with a silent migraine?
what is travelers' diarrhea?
after reconstructive surgery i have extreme pain when i relax bladder muscles?
why don't people cry. whay can i not cry? i have not cryed in the past  years. what is my problem?
i have undifferentiated connective tissue disease. brain mri shows white spots?
why have experts recommended lowering levels of acetaminophen in prescription and over-the-counter drugs?
why am i always tired now that i am one year post op gastric bypass
what causes benign rolandic epilepsy?
is it possible to overdose on high blood presure meds
i am a  y. o. male with nipple soreness and asymetrical black/dark brown coloring (spots) on the aeriolas bilaterally.
why do i feel full at  weeks pregnant. im only  weeks pregnant and this is my third child i feel so full lately where i cant eat much at all. and im already getting up to go to the bathroom during the night why would this be
about  weeks ago my  lb son fell on my left foot i had an x-ray done and it showed no broken bones?
two days ago a shoe caused a heel blister. now i have pain all up my calf and can barely walk. what should i do?
i suffer from tired aching legs during and after work any suggestions?
why do i have an adverse reaction to alcohol several hours later? . recently starting a few months ago when i consume more than - drinks i have some type of reaction several hours later when i am sleeping. i'll be fine while drinking even hours later but once i get into bed a couple of hours later i will get headaches diarrhea and sometimes shakes. i have drank a lot more in the past without any issues but currently just a few drinks and these symptoms follow. happens regardless which type of alcohol i drink. i haven't changed my diet or take any meds.
i have nose to mouth lines. will dermal fillers fix these lines and how much does it cost?
my girlfriend has genital herpes but i love her to pieces for who she is. should i stop dating her because of this? . my girlfriend of  months recently told me that she has genital herpes. i didn't react badly i tried to support her and tell her that i won't cut her out of my life because of it however i'm stuck on what i should now do. i love her to pieces for who she is not what she has. i want to be able to be with her but i've been worrying a lot about how much we can do with one another before risk of catching it comes in. i have no intentions of catching it but i have every intention being with her.
my husband is  and has facial paralysis may be developing synkinesis what can be done next?
does a discounted medical (not insurance) count as having insurance?
what things increase a woman's risk of infertility?
what is prostatitis?
 month old has diarrhea from taking cefdinir doc says he needs it what should we do has to take it  more days. he appears to be losing weight won't eat bananas applesauce or rice what is the answer to problem?
chronic mucus head cold symptoms since /?
could i be pregnant? . me and my boyfriend had unprotected sex  weeks ago. this present week started off with cramps and gas. my period has always been irregular before during and after birth control so i thought it was my cycle time. cycle never came then daytime and night time nausea proceeded ( it's : am now and i am nauseous while typing this) also sensitivity to smell (like sweet smells and especially bacon and i love bacon) and my lower back out of the blue has been hurting for  days.
 years old multiple sclerosis (ms) patient for about  years is medication necessary?
could i be pregnant i had unprotected sex  days after period started? . my ovulation calendar show that i am fertile starting the  and ovulation day is the . i had sex on the  and i know sperm can survive in the cervix up to  or  days is it possible i could be pregnant?
i wake up lean and by time i get home from work have bloated up all over to the point my face is like a ball?
diagnosed with type  diabetes i believe not been monitored by doctor closely enough?
"am i pregnant? . i was with someone - weeks ago. during the week after that i was worried that i might be pregnant because i got sick. but it turned out to be dengue and my period came at the end of the week. the only ""weird"" thing was that i had to use more pads than usual. i am not regular i've had periods of  days and  days also but earlier is more common. but now it's been  days since that period. can i be pregnant? or i am just being irregular?"
is there a generic form of plavix or coreg?
is dettol good for douching and enema. i have being bleeding for a few month after a miscarriage? . went to md was exam by midwife with a metal. next day start bleeding. i told her i may be pregnant n it is too early to have a test she say i am not n i should have an internal exam  month now since then i am bleeding like having my period and for the first few week with was clout blood and still spotting. pass exam show i'm % healthy. mom say use dettol and warm water in a douche and enema? lots more clot blood came out the blood color now is just red where as it use to be dark and brown.
are there any excercises that can firm a jawline.
water warts: could my daughter be infected? . my  year old daughter came home from school with a note saying that one of her classmates has water warts and was sent home early. we bathed her immediately after reading the note. could she be infected? . .
three days ago i woke up at  with severe adominal pain. i have felt nauseous since then but no vomiting what is it? . i am not pregnant still a virgin. it was my entire abdomen. i was a little better yesterday but my stomach felt bubbly so i took some pepto and it went away for awhile but by the end of the day it was back and was extremely tired and fatigued. this morning i was nauseous again the thought of eating was unpleasant but i ate a breakfast hot pocket thinking i might be sick feeling cause i hadn't eaten yet but my stomach is still upset and i was getting light headed while sitting in class.
i have discomfort in my throat feels like cold stuck there weeks now after oral sex. what u think it is
why is my birth control causing me acne? . i started getting bad acne on my last bc i asked to be switched to ocella. i have never had acne i was on something similiar to ortho tri cyclen. its been almost a full two packs and i dont notice much of a difference everytime i think its getting better i seem to get  or  new pimples in the same spots. i now have scarring all over my cheeks it makes me cry looking in the mirror and im just not sure what to do. these a deep cystic pimples that hurt then on my chin.
can pityriasis rosea cause sudden loss of taste but not smell?
my due date is november   when did i likely become pregnant/ have sex to become pregnant? . im wondering because im trying to start a baby book and want to get as close to possible.
what is congestive heart failure?
both sides of my face eyes and nose twitch (convulsive movement) what should i do?
tests show high levels of creatinine calcium potassium sodium magnesium and phosphorus?
is lupus a std. can people with lupus pass in on to their sexual partners
are acidity and constipation the withdrawal symptoms of quitting smoking?
i have had two back surgeries and am pain-free except for some stiffness. what exercises can i do to play tennis again?
can u take azo with your antibiotic for a uti?
what is bph?
everytime i sleep with my boyfriend i seem to get a bv or yeast infection if i don't use protection. anything else help? . i seem to get the infection - days after sleeping with him. i take the medicine it all goes away and then i will have it again after sleeping with him again. i spoke to the doctor and he said it's no from him it's my ph balance. my questions is what can prevent this from happening besides a condom. i'm taking probiotics eat greek yogurt drink lemon/lime water and none of this seems to help. does this mean we just can't be with each other because his body seems to through my ph off? help!
i have night sweats cant focus lack of sleep weight loss what is going on?
"red rash on buttocks.  yr old w/m.  mths ago i noticed a small ""rash"" on my upper buttocks above the crack. its red bumps clustered in about a  inch area. they dont hurt leak or itch. if i didn't happen to touch them i wouldnt know they were there. i have googled over past  days an i come up with everything from eczema to shingles to cancer etc. ideas? i started using hydrocortisone yesterday but i will make appt to see my derm. thanks for advice insight an please rule out anything you see fit like cancer etc."
is coffee good for your heart and how much coffee? . i heard it was good for the heart one cup a day is it true?
was vacinnated for shingles about  years ago. was diagnosed with shingles two weeks ago. could i get shingles again?
<link> dermavie cream reviews the analysis isn't going to especially brand health supplements that had been used by the actual study's participants nonetheless they bundled  various kinds of powders as well as capsules. . <link>
why would my butthole hurt? . sometimes after having a bowel movement my butthole hurts to the point where it is very painful to sit down. it is a sharp pain. it will go away after awhile but it usually takes some time. could this be a serious problem.
my fiancee is really cold natured but her body radiates a bunch of heat. sometimes it's not that bad but other times. it's almost unbearable to cuddle up face to face. she's not sick i don't think. . because she's cold natured she's freezing while i'm suffocating from her body heat. maybe her blood vessels are opening up next to the skin to radiate heat when her body doesn't need to so her internal body heat radiates out making her too cold inside. would something to constrict the blood vessels help? stimulants wouldn't be good since she'd need to take them right before bed. <negative_smiley>. what's causing this? any ideas?
my  yr old daughter had a spinal fusion in june now  months later she gets choked when eating?
 passed out awake now b. p. / what s happening? . my  year old grand was found lying on the floor. she may have hit her head when she passed out. this has happened before but not since she was  or . what is happening.
what is going on with my period? . my periods are heavy lasts - days every - day. hasn't failed. then in july it lasted a day but it was just a spot of blood when i wiped. i was pmsing and everything. it was on time just not heavy. then in august no period. i had started pmsing a couple weeks before so i took a test to rule out pregnancy it was negative. then a week later i got a spot lasted one day then went. i don't know what is going on with me. i'm not stressed eating habits the same. idk what's going on. help?
i am allergic to iodine and need to know is it in flaxseed oil?
what can i do to treat genital herpes at home?
i was diagnosed with restless leg syndrome i feel the urge in my legs to move and stretch them almost all the time?
i suffer with panic and anxiety disorder chest pains for  years?
i am getting really thirsty is that a sign this cold is coming to an end?
why do i get a sore throat everytime i go near saltwater? i never go in i just stay on a boat or dock. i stay inside a house that is not exposed to the outside moisture such as a camper or tent would do. i usually get it at the start of day . i dont stay up and make myself tired so i know im not adding to causes. i always cover up accordingly so as to not get cold when i am out on the water in the boat.
my wife took two benadryl to help her sleep then found a nighttime cold medicine. would it be safe to take both? . my wife has a cold causing her sinuses to be stopped up and a sore throat. we were trying to find the cold medicine but she gave up and just took two benadryl to help her sleep before i found the nyquil multisymptom cold medicine. would it be okay for her to take the nyquil too or is it better to let her sleep off the benadryl first?
i have severe nose bleed do i need cauterization?
is rigevidon good for pcos use to be on yasmin but after a year of failed conception doc put me on rigevidon. i have been off yasmin for a year n a half trying to conceive but with no success i've decided to go back onto the pill to control my increasingly worse pcos symptoms. doctor put me on rigevidon and said it's the exact same as yasmin n is used to control pcos symptoms. so far i've just had terrible acne? is this normal n is this a good pill for pcos?
does aerobic exercise interfere with muscle gains from weightlifting?
i have developed hair dye allergy. please help.
i am not having period for  days. i have pain in lower abdomen. i have taken pregnancy test its negative. am i pregnant? . i always use protection(pull out)
will drinking herbal tea negatively affect my taking iron pills? . will drinking herbal tea negatively affect my taking iron pills?
i have a cough and itchy throat. ive tried allegra but it isnt helping. would claritin or zyrtec be better?
can a person get a common wart in the pubic area? . recently noticed what appears to be a wart raised red oval shape in my pubic area not on actual genitals. wife and i have been faithfully together  years.
multiple nodules now larger and hypoectoic?
can mild but prolonged eye irritation(like an eyelash poking)cause a migraine? . about  months ago i had an eyelash poking my right eye that has since been removed. since then my eye is still irritated. i get a sensation that there is something in my eye. i also get headaches/pulsating feeling on my right temple. very sensitive to light and any type of tv or computer screen. i have seen an eye dr and regular dr. they said my eye looks great- no problems. could the eye irritation have caused a migraine which is now irritating my eye? any suggestions would help. thanks
what is tsh?
chronic masterbation.  in  days ejaculating . please respond
diagnosed with central sleep apnea can treatment cause cause pulmonary hypertension?
my bf and i had sex / got period / it came early. i feel crampy and have back pain coukd i be pegnant?
fulkerson osteotomyis it infected?
is there any treatment for chronic severe diarrhea after gall bladder removal?
what is a male condom?
what are risk factors (for heart disease)?
doctor could you help? . months ago i went to er with high anxiety and my heart racing. i was listened with stethoscope and told to be fine. i wanted ecg so they did it for a min. and reassured me. but i saw the automatic interpretation saying abnormal ecg. did they miss it or is this normal when having panic attack.
why do you have to sign up for medicare if you already have good insurance and are still working? . is it the insurance company or medicare enforcing this? if you don't are you penalized and if you're not drawing social security do you still have to pay for it when you sign up?
what topical analgesics are used to treat osteoarthritis?
can you take nexium and gas x at the same time? . i'm trying to find out the answer quickly for my mom who is suffering gas problems big time and she doesn't know if she can take the  at the same time. thanks in advance much appreciated
can mobic be taken with diovan?
does acyclovir cause kidney problems?
red spots on body. they began on my elbow and forearm only about  or  spots but they disappeared only to come back on my chest and back. i have a eliminated many possible causes from the fact that my girlfriend and i sleep in the same beds (her bed or my bed) come in to contact with the same things we both keep up the same daily routine and she doesn't have them. the spots are red occasionally itch slightly raised feel warm to the touch and are about the size of a dime.
one year old blind boy cant move. please help?
how long does it take for food to pass through the stomach and small intestine to the large intestine?
my  year old son feels angry and cries in the evening sometimes and does not know why. what could cause this? . he is fine all day and then he cries in the late evening sometimes. he says he feels very angry and he has no idea why he feels this way. i have explored the possibility of low blood sugar and that may be the cause but i am wondering what other things may cause such a reaction.
i can see white patches and a big red patch with a white spot on it in my mouth?
how well do injectible fillers work on men?
will going to the bathroom almost immediately after sex decrease chances of pregnancy?
i have scoliosis im worried about it getting worse?
i recently got lasik surgery now vision is blurry and cant see fine print?
should you go to work having both bronchitis and laryngitis together
what kind of specialist do you see if your have bowel problems and suspect some for of ibs
what should the calorie intake be for a  year old female that is disabled and cannot exercise and weighs ? . i am in a back brace knee brace and use crutches to walk and i fall alot. i have hypothyroid disease with hoshimotos disease.
 / months ago i crashed my mountain bike on the trails. i feel good but i still get oreness and frontal shoulder pain. xray showed no breaks doctor said small chance of rotator cuff damage. my arm was not extended. since my health insurance covers crap i never gota mri i did therapy on my own. i am pretty much pain free now. i am ready to go back to hockey but when i shoot i feel some pain in the front of my shoulder. this is the only motion where i fell any type of pain. i would say i a sharp pain and it a tad bit of a sore feeling. my shoudler defintly cracks every so often and i never had that before.
weird heart problem possibly? (/female). so i usually have heart palpitations because i have anxiety disorder. but recently i've been more fatigued than usual my sleep paralysis has gotten worse. my chest is tight and when i breathe in it hurts and i cough. i've been a weird sleeper all my life but recently i've been sleeping - hours unintentionally and i'm still tired. if i'm up and active i get weak and tired easily and winded very quickly. i take  prozac and  lithium. there's rarely cause side effects besides shaking.
although they are visible my wisdom teeth are not coming in. should i get my wisdom teeth removed? . i'm  years old and my braces were removed when i was . they aren't hurting me but i'm concerned that if i don't have the wisdom teeth removed the dental work from my braces may be affected.
my son is  weeks old and has had mucus green diarrhea almost  weeks?
i have found a large hard lump on the right side of my groin?
which nuts are most likely heart-healthy?
how is anemia caused by problems of the bone marrow and stem cells treated?
im pregnant but i had sex yesterday and he came in me is that bad
missed period brown discharge spotting on toilet paper. this has never happened before?
would lad lesion cause tachycardia?
i was given a drug in the hospital that was like an ibuprofen that started with a t. does anyone what it could be
i have seen many doctors but still no answers droop in left shoulder and spine curved?
i have a cut on the corner of my mouth that wont heal. what can i use to help?
could you provide a few links to the major studies showing excessive saturated fat is unhealthy? . this website and the american heart association continue to recommend a diet low in saturated fat. but the current buzz on the internet is that there is really little evidence for that position. in fact france eats a diet high in saturated fat yet has a low rate of deaths from heart disease (<link> <link> ). can i see links to the original studies showing sf is harmful?
am i contagious after completing tamiflu? . i was diagnosed with the flu last friday (no swab) at doctor's visit and feel much better today. i only have an infrequent cough that sounds bad and is a little painful. my teenage sons live at home and one was vaccinated last friday so that he can travel with me to visit my one year old grandson. i do not want to take any chance of infecting him but if i can be assured that i am no longer contagious i would love to make this important trip. please advise. thank you.
are cold sores a sign of pregnancy?
my girlfriend and i had a sex after her period but we did use condoms but precum came out in the condom and i still continued to put it inside her. and after i cum outside her and wiped it all but she did do rub her vagina around my pennis. and after  days we did the same thing again excatly. can she be pregnant?
pregnancy. why stool yellow/light brown? . i'm  weeks pregnant and the past couple days have been having mild stomach issues. i am going - times a day which is normal for me but the past  days when i go my stool has been light brown/clay/yellow colored. is this normal and/or something that will go away on its own? do i need to change my diet? does my prenatal vitamin (nature made prenatal multi +dha) have anything to do with it?
missed period symthomes of pregnacey two - tests? . about a week ago i was at a friends house and i got really nauseous and i ended up throwing up. i have also missed my period completely and took two pregnancy tests and they came out negative. but i had morning sickness this morning. i'm not sure what is going on help please.
my knee will occasionally catch at which time a minor adjustment with my hand kind of unlocks the knee?
(urgent) what are the chances of being pregnant? and when did conception occour or when will it if it hasn't already? . me and my man had unprotected sex august  today is august . . what are the chances of me being pregnant if my periods are irregular? he also has high sperm count. and when will i experience symptoms of pregnancy? and when will conception occur? thank you!
my  / yr old grandson continues to get impetigo time and time again is the recurrence normal with this infection?
"i'm having a small pennis of -"" size how can i make it grow.? . i'm  m i have not seen my pennis grow since i was  its the same size till now  -  "" "" width. <negative_smiley> in ""erect state"". . i guess this is really smaall.? can i any way increase my pennis size atleast some normal level.? . . is there any solution.? . . pls help."
are women affected by bipolar disorder any differently than men?
does ringworm mean i have worms?
i was screened early for gestational diabetes  it came back high so now i do the  hour. i'm worried and scared. my mother and brother both have diabetes and i'm just really worried about this. i had a hard time getting pregnant over  years and just don't want to have to worry about this. is there any thing i can do to calm me down or help me manage it if i do have it. i'm feeling very stressed.
who is at risk for developing lymphedema?
what is crystalline arthritis (gout and pseudogout) of the knee and how is it treated?
my menstrual cycle last  days or more. is that normal? . after i stopped my birth control pills over a year ago my menstrual cycle lasted about  days. but suddenly it started to last more than that over  days. at first i thought that i was pregnant but after several pregnancy test and getting my period i discarded that possibility. now its happening aging this is my second time with a menstrual cycle longer than  days. is this normal? should i talk to my doctor about this?
can morning sickness end before the first trimester is over? . i had a miscarriage about  months ago. i had an ultrasound  days ago and everything was fine. i am about - weeks pregnant. today my nausea was much better than usual. i am afraid this means my pregnancy may not last.
how do you tell your parents you are pregnant if you are  and  months away from ? . i need help my mom had a baby at  and didn't want me to follow in her foot steps i don't want to disappoint her i just don't know what to do?
i ate rotten tomato – small white worms now inside me – how to get them out?
will penicilen cure an uti?
during masturbation i felt some pain on the back side of my neck and head. please help.
i have pain in my throat but only when i swallow. it feels like a lump above my adam's apple. what could it be? . i also have difficulty getting food down because of the pain. i tried cold medicine and rub on my chest but nothing has helped. i could not get in to my doctor and he is out of town for a month. please help!
shall i use drugs to get sleep?
i have had spine problems since an accident in ?
what is an acne scar?
so a month a ago i could eat peanuts but now i cant without breaking into hives. im told it a sign of pregnancy? . is that true? because i took a test and it says negative but it could be too early still.
what to do when doctor will not prescribe viagra? . i am trying to reconcile my marriage. my doctor prescribed wellburtin for the anxiety. i haven't been able to perform since. my doctor says we'll look at that at a later date. i can't wait that long. my wife and i are trying everything but i'm afraid i'm losing the battle.
can genital herpes cause me to stop having my period?
i have joint pain and muscle spasms since  now developed numbness in legs?
i have pain in my top right shoulder when im breathing?
my  is .  fbs is . is this indicative of diabetes? . my vit d was also low so my doctor has prescribed me something for that. i'm not sure if the vit d can alter the . i have all the symptoms of diabetes and a strong family history. i also have an autoimmune disorder (not sure if it's ra or lupus yet).
i am  years old i need shingles vaccine but am i too young to have it?
ok im gaining weight like im pregnant pregnancy test coming up positive but had a sonogram done an no baby what is it. my boobs also hurt i have all the signs of being pregant but i also want to be pregnant verybadly what could be goin on
i have run out of my prescription for plavix. should i take aspirin today until i can get a new prescription tomorrow?
why does pollen affect our sinuses so much?
can i eat foods with vitamin k while taking nattokinase? . i am taking nattokinase as a supplement for high blood pressure. i do not have any bleeding problems or blood clotting problems.
what steps are involved in preparing a tooth for a crown?
i drank  cups of fruit soda. so i have anxiety. i drank  cups of carbonated fruit soda. now you know when carbonated droplets splash up your nose so they did splash. now i have been thinking could this cause secondary drowning? plz explain thx
i have polycystic ovarian syndrome and gained  pounds despite regular exercise and healthy eating. what can i do?
i have bloating feeling in my upper abdomen under my chest top of stomach?
why do we get cystic acne? are there any good treatments? medicine vs. herbal (home remedies)?
i have constant diarrhea almost every day i have bowl movements  min after eating and cannot pass a solid bowel. for years now this has become a growing issue. i very rarely pass a solid bowel movment. i would say  times a month. i always have to go the bathroom  min after eating. my normal bowel movments per day is - times a day. sometimes much more depending on what i eat. i have tried over the counter anti diarrhea meds but they really dont help. i am at my wits end with this. any ideas as to what this could be? i am not covered by insurance at my job so i avoid going to the doctor at all cost.
how long after chlamydia treatment are you contagious. i took a one dose treatment of azithromycin for chlamydia on tuesday. later that night i vomited a little. i called the doctor and repeated the treatment on wednesday. am i still contagious to spread chlamydia?
am i doing enough to lose weight? . i have a moderate amount of weight to lose (about ). i have tried intense workouts (like insanity) but i get tired and discouraged very quick into the workout. can i lose weight simply by walking  miles a day (it takes me about .  so i think its a pretty good pace) and doing toning exercises (i do the sculpt video from brazil butt lift which is about  min with  dumbbells)? is this enough to lose a moderate amount of weight and improve my body shape or should i push harder?
had carpal tunnel surgery a week and a half ago. i have this slight warm burning sensation on the side of my pinkie. it's just the pinkie. feels like when you trip and scratch your side of the hand on concrete like road rash. could it be from the gauze rubbing?
i have herniated disk either i have surgical operation or physiotherapy which is best?
most of my bowel movements are hard pebbles most of the time i use a rubber glove on my hand to get the stool out why. i eat a lot of fiber and have used senocot and miralax without much relief i also have pain in my groin area that affects my walking sometimes. i have been having this problem for a few years i also have gerd and take protonics for that. what can i do?
how long does it take for scabies bugs to die under your skin after taken stromecol
two month ago we had a wonderful girl. but she was born with deformed toes in one foot?
what do you do if you've already been taking oral antibiotics and the drops for the ears and its not getting better? . i went to the hospital and was diagnosed with a bad case of swimmer's ear. they gave me oral antibiotics and two different drops for my ears and norco pain killers. its been  days and i am now running a fever the pain is still there and my ear is still swollen and red. i am contemplating going back to the hospital but its an hour drive from my house.
ejaculation and burning sensation. hello whenever i vape with my electronic cigarette it burns when i pee after ejaculation. . i've smoked regular cigarettes and didn't have this problem. . this happens only after ejaculation i then have to pee really bad and it stings a little i've noticed it only happening when i vape can someone help me? it usually lasts for only  minutes. and also i'm only .
i have a burning pain in pelvic lower abdomen & intestines?
i have a perforated eardrum with dulled hearing. should i keep my ears un-popped? . i have a perforated eardrum that my doctor expects to heal on its own. my hearing is noticeably dulled but there are certain times during the day when my ear will pop and my hearing is normal for a brief period of time. while this is a relieving feeling i'm wondering if its occurring due to the rupture either opening or closing.
ive been sick for over a year now not being able to do basic human things?
what increases the risk of getting type  diabetes?
i am taking amoxicillin but my partner is allergic to it. can we still have sex without worrying about a bad reaction? . my partner is extremely allergic to amoxicillin which i am currently taking for a sinus infection. should we be concerned about her possibly having an allergic reaction if we have intercourse?
does a vasectomy protect against hiv/aids and other sexually transmitted diseases?
what can i use to cover pregnancy mask? 
how do people develop epilepsy?
why do i have a consistant period when on the birth control pill? . i am on two different types of birth controls due to having endometriosis. i was prescribed the birth control pill because it helps my periods from being as painful and intense as they are because of the endometriosis and i am on the copper iud as a preventative to not become pregnant. i am not to take the one week placebo pills to not have a period. what should i do to stop my period?
my period is  days late i have taken  hpt and a blood test (all were negative) could i be pregnant? . i am always regular. i have never missed a cycle. my cycles run - days and if anything i'm usually early but never late. i have taken  hpt and they were both negative. i went for a quantitive hcg blood test today and it was negative but my dr. said the level was slightly elevated but not enough to confirm pregnancy. i have pregnancy symptoms. i'm nauseated bloated sore breasts fatigue and frequent urination. is it possible for the tests to be wrong and me be pregnant?
my boy friend and i have been diagnosed with chlamydia. he is re infected?
what is boniva injection?
fiance's mother has schizophrenia. please help. hi. i recently found out that my fiance's mother has schizophrenia. my fiance was very open about telling me but i have since then been extremely worried after researching it. i love this girl and want to spend my life with her. . she is almost  and hasn't gotten schizophrenia and in the time i have known her i haven't seen anything out of the ordinary. i am worried about her developing it or our kids having it and me not knowing how to deal with the situation. am i right to worry? . please help.
my body feels hot but i have no fever. so i kept getting slight headaches from time to time. i ask my mother and she told me to check my temperature cause my neck was slightly hot and it was around .  degrees. now my neck is really hot but my temperature has gone down -i still have slight headacges and my body aches though and i always feel tired even if i have sufficient amount of sleep - to .  degrees. i have school tomorrow and i'm not sure if i'm well enough to attend.
spot on my hand frozen it blistered i drained it so why does my blisters keep filling up with a clear liquid?
been on bc for  or  months sometimes taken pills not at the same time could i get pregnant with unprotected sex? . he said he din't cum inside of me and ive never missed a pill but just like i said sometimes i haven't taken the pill at the same time of day
what are the complications of crohn's disease?
i have a light red sometimes purpleish rash on the shaft of my penis. i have tried using cortizone and a lamisil atf. i have had the rash for about a month it does not itch or burn. there is no discharge or anything like that it is just there and it is driving me nuts. when i first noticed it i frequently masturbated at least once a day of not more since i have slowed down to nearly at all but the rash will not go away regardless of what i try. please help
is genital herpes spread through bodily fluids or just skin-to-skin contact?
aching pain i have had in my left leg?
what is latent and silent celiac disease?
" yr female eat healthy excercise high fiber diet take  mg calcium and d and strontium. i am a nonsmoker. i am "" and have a family history of osteoporosis. i drink soy milk every day and i only drink one cup of coffee ea. day. no soda - alcoholic beverages a week lots of veggies  lbs. i have had my ankle measured for bone density each year and the number keeps dropping. latest t-score was -. . what else can i do?"
does wet scalp cause athritis / bone pain? if i don't dry my scalp after shower will it cause athritis or bone pain?
does a prolactinoma affect pregnancy?
my son is  yrs old. he is underweight. tonight he fell unconscious. i'm asking for advice and assistance. please. my son is  yrs old. he is underweight. tonight he fell unconscious. i'm asking for advice and assistance. please
is it normal to lose  pounds in a week without changing eating or excersize habits? . i've been feeling really sick lately i've been shaky lightheaded confused urinating about every hour and i've been having chest pains. i weigh myself about every week and i've always stayed between - pounds. when i got on the scale this week i noticed i am about . i've been eating the same amount of food at the same time of day and its always a balanced healthy meal. my exercise habits have also been the same. is there something wrong with me?
my son has been vomiting for about  hours and has pain in lower right side of abdomen but no fever. what to do?
i have had a thyroid nodule since diagnosed drained twice but it came back?
how can i take feverfew without worrying about the side effects its going to have on my elavil? . my migraines tend to come when i am asleep. i tried the petadolax herb (butterbur) for  months only change it made was no migraines before and after my menstrual cycle. other than that i still get the typical moderate-mild - migraines a month. im on  types of medications elavil taken before bedtime and topamax  a day ( ). when my migraine hits my nuerologist has reccomended i take imitrex along w/  aleve or maxalt w/  aleve. pls help point me in the rt direction.
i have had many tests but unless cobalt poisoning is answer cannot figure out the painful tingling in all fingers. i have been identified as my two metal on metal hip implants have leaked cobalt in my blood now just before revision surgery number one i have painful . sensitive feelings in all fingers and sometimes hand and up arms to elbows. i have had one side revised now and pending the other side later next month i still have this problem and it has just gotten to the point of nothing helps gabapentin  mg did nothing.
i have been having a few symptoms of pregnancy. is there any way i can tell that i am pregnant without doing a test? . i have the milky discharge and the moodiness and discharge from my breasts. i have no insurance and no money and no way to the free clinic. how can i tell for sure without taking a test?
what is colitis?
is it safe to use peroxide and saline for sinus infections?
i urinate frequently have pain & a tingling in my hands thirsty tired & my vision is blurred how likely is diabetes?
how can i reduce skin reactions from radiation therapy?
i was on depo for  been off it for  havent had a period is it possible for me to get pregnant?
if you hear a high or low-pitched noise and then the sounds around you begin to fade away is that considered tinnitus?
is laser treatment safe for acne scars?
i take prilosec  (otc) and have taken this daily for over  yrs straight?
ecp nordette taken  hrs after unpro sex pulled out - seconds before eruption a week before period (last aug  ). hi! may i just ask i had unprotected sex and its a week before my normal menstrual cycle( last aug  ). my partner thinks he pulled out on time roughly around - seconds before he actually erupted. i took nordette (. ) now ( hours after intercourse) as a contraceptive (ecp). i am not sure about the dose but it says on the internet that in emergencies like this it is  pills every  hours. should i take it with food? is there a high risk for pregnancy?
what are shallots and how can i use them in recipes?
how does high blood pressure hurt my kidneys?
i'm so confused and i dont know if it can result in pregnancy to have anal and a slight touch at my entrance by the cock. so the other day my boyfriend and i were getting intimate and it ended up with us almost having anal sex i still had my underwear on and he moved it to the side and just let his tip touch my anus but his tip also touched my vaginal entrance at the bottom there was no cum or precum present but i still am worried if there is a chance of pregnancy?
i have two really small red zit like bumps on my penis. one on the head the other on the foreskin. what is it? . i've only ever been with one girl and we have been dating for a year now. neither of us have ever done anything sexual with anyone else besides each other. however we have only done oral. it has been about three weeks since we have done anything.
daughter is supposed to take .  ml i don't know how to find on  ml syringe the pharmacy gave me. . medicine is mucus - liq mck perscribed .  ml every  hours only dropper given goes from.  ml to  ml is a bd brand dropper. she is  mth old and weighs .  lbs
a friend coughs after every hit when she smokes pot. is there any long term effect of coughing all the time on purpose? . i am told she believes it increases the effectiveness of smoking pot but to me it seems like it would cause problems down the road to cough all the time. even if as in her case it is intentional. she doesn't take what i say seriously because i do not smoke pot and dislike the habit. is she hurting herself by doing this?
im having multiple problems after having my neck fusion of   ?
what is the maximum amount of push-ups for a  year old daily?
i was diagnosed with a .  cm large brain lesion on my left temporal i have headache?
i have persistent headache and i feel like i have lowgrade fever. help! . hi. so i'm a headache everyday. it's not too bad though. it's completely bearable but a little distracting. and i have noticed that i have lowgrade fever most of the time (or mostly everyday) but just like the headache it's bearable. i can't just shrug this feeling off. this have been occurring for two or three months now. i'm hopefully going to the doctor in a few days and get myself checked.
are hives contagious?
"what could sudden lower back pain nausea and then it moving to the abdomen be? it has happened 's since yesterday. the details above are vague. while in the bath yesterday i had this sudden pain in my lower back that lasted about  then it dulled down but moved to my lower abdomen like cramps. during all this i began to get really nausea's. i got out and thought maybe i had the water too hot. well today while riding my ike it happened again. it only lasts aout  mins all together but it really hurts. i am not on my period currently and i have and iud so i ""shouldn't"" be pregnant. anyone have any idea?"
what to take vomiting and achy feeling. started with upset stomach
i have gest. diabetes im  with twin my  .  and my fasting labs are over  range to confirm so am i gest.? . i was told i have gest. diabetes i am  wks with twins and my  was .  at my ob doctors office and at my diabetes doctor with the lab work my  fasting was between -. why do pregnant women get this and i had it with one other pregnancy and it was thast bad so it was never treated and ow with this pregnancy i am more higher risk and taking medication. yes diabetes run in my family i am very scared and want to know how i got it what tips can you tell me and do i really have this.
i lost nearly three liters of blood due to my placenta breaking i feel im going to pass out
chest pain weakness on the left side and my throat feeling tight on the left side?
i have been getting these little red bumps over all of my body?
we eat vegetables after cooking them in oil. is this good for your heart or should we consume only raw veggies?
is my child overweight?
how rare is it to be born without tonsils. we were just recently informed that my  year old granddaughter does not have tonsils. i don't understand why it took this long to be told this but i'm more concerned about her health. she has been very sick in the past and on two occassions we almost lost her. thanks to great doctors she's still with us but she is still having problems. thank you.
i needed the toilet but instead of stool there was a lot of blood?
child was born with enlarged ventricles in her brain?
how to recover from erectile dysfunction caused by tobacco use? . i smoked or chewed my whole adult life. there has also been some alcohol abuse as well. i am currently  and starting  months after a vasectomy i had when i was  is when i started having problems maintaining and erection for very long and between whatever is wrong with me and the psychological stress of wanting sex but knowing i can't perform. i have quit smoking drinking and using tobacco altogether. i have periodontal disease the bone loss is severe. i have experimented with viagra fail
must i have a pelvic exam? i have had a complete hysterectomy. i have never had any vaginal problems. i am .
what is osteoporosis?
on  lisinopril to get to /. vertigo when standing almost fainting. normal? . hi guys . i have high blood pressure (hbp) normally at /. taking  lisinopril to get down to /. . the problem is i get vertigo when standing. if i do it repeatedly (working on a car/motorcycle) i nearly faint. is this me getting used to the lisinopril. perhaps my body isn't used to dealing with its bp at a normal range. or is there something else going on?
can a penny made after  be harmfull to stomach linning. three year old swallowed penny many x-rays later and  days it is still in the same place in the stomach having moved up only a little  days in. one medical person says may be corrosive and another says no. i just wonder is it possible.
what causes rh sensitization during pregnancy?
what are lice?
i have very very dry hands that are cracked. what should i use on them?
will l-lysine helps someone with genital herpes.
rash started at base of toes and is now on thigh and some random spots on arms. could this be chickenpox? . my son is  months old and has had the chickenpox vaccine. looked like ant bites at first and that's what doctor thought it was. etiher that or a reaction to something he came in contact with. they prescribed hydrocortisone but it has not helped. rash is not anywhere else on feet except at toes. the rash on the thigh is pretty much a line and there are just a couple of spots on his arms. looks like pimples.
i lost too much weight. how do i stop?
is there anything over the counter for depression that a  mo. pregnant woman can take?
what can i do to help my baby sleep better at night and keep my marriage strong?
i had a wisdom tooth removed. how can i help it heal faster?
are there new and effective hepatitis c treatments in development?
unexplained fainting weight loss stiff muscles
what are the chance of becoming pregnant having unprotected sex one day before my fertile window and  days before ovu?
i have never used any tampon or even inserted my finger inside i am now trying to finger can i use oil as lubricant? . i have never used any tampon or even inserted my finger inside my vagina but i think i am ready now. i am very anxious to even finger myself. i am really shaky every time i try to insert anything but slowly i am getting there. but i need some lubricant. i am currently in college and in a hostel so i cant go to a shop nd buy anything can i use my ponds moisturizer or coconut oil as lubricant around my vagina?
how often should i exercise?
my last cbc showed my levels were very low-anemia- and cant stay awake. should i seek immediate medical care? . i was diagnosed with anemia about a month ago and my last cbc showed the hemoglobin mcv mch mchc are all low. i then had my cycle; it was heavy full of large clots and lasted for approximately  weeks. now i cant stay awake and sleep about .  hours out of . i dont have any medical insurance and i pay for doctor bills out of pocket at time of care. i have almost fainted but not quite. should i seek immediate medical attention or will it get better over time?
i was born with bladder extrophy how to reduce kidney pain and get better?
my three year old sleeps with me and my husband how can we get him out of bedroom?
have cystocope and urodynamic test tomorrow what should i expect as far as pain? am pretty scared! . have pretty sever bph and am a male age  what can i expect?
i am african-american and have alopecia. would using rogaine for men help my hair to grow faster and is it safe?
im  year old its tentus vaccies
dull ache in flank area on both sides for several months seems worse when laying down. also have cloudy smelly urine. m  years old generally healthy in good shape. i'm just getting over the flu but have had some dull pain in my flank prior to getting sick. i dont have any other symptoms such as frequent/painful urination no fever or nausea etc.
how do l deal with pain from gall bladder infection or gallstones
woke up this morning with a large swollen area on the left side of my chin jaw line. . it is red swollen and hurting. i have used a hot compress on it but it seems to worsen the pain. it is warm to the touch and continues to ache more with time. i am nauseated (but the nausea may also be a side effect from the synthrouid that i take). has anyone else experienced this? i was diagnosed with hpv last year.
i have arthritis in my hands and have difficulty cleaning my teeth. what can you recommend?
how to get off of diet pills? . i've been on phentermine for  weeks now. it has been a no eat binge eat exercise it off bad cycle.  day i'll eat  calories next day binge eat everything next day try to exercise for  hours or more? . how do i get off this nightmare? suggestions how to eat? afraiid to get even bigger. current weight  @ '. last  year weight  to . last  months didn't run injury and weight went out of control. help! i'm  year old woman.
do saunas contribute to weight loss?
why would a rn choose not to get her kids a flu shot? as the grandparent is there anything i can do?
compltd  wks of antibotics and medrol pack. still have sever pain in lung area plerasie. how long does plerasie last?
how i can enlarge my penis. i have got pro size device for penis to enlarge. i need a help to guide me its proper use in detailes healthly not commerciol basis
i have a constant dull pain in my right upper chest about even with my armpit?
what is low blood pressure?
how can i grow taller? . i am  and im about   to   and i wanted to know how i could grow taller. my parents are both short but i believe both of them could have grown a bit taller because both of them were malnourished while growing up. i heard about pills but they had to be prescribedd by doctors and only if you had a condition.
mosquito bites on vacation leave dark purple spots
false positive pregnancy test?
how soon after sex can a test result be performed for vd/std's.
how long should you wait to cast a broken ankle? is  days too long? . my  yr old son broke his ankle and the doctor waited  days for swelling to go down and on the  day follow up he said he needs a plate put it. is it because he wasnt casted?
what are symptoms and signs of shingles and how long does shingles last?
my son has eosinophilic gastroenteritis what should we do next?
how long should i wait before bringing my  yr old with flu symptoms to our family dr? it has been  days. initial symptoms were nausea high fever severe headache loss of appetite and fatigue. those lasted about  days now she is very tired little appetite sore belly/nausea and has a sore throat and cough.
i have hand shaking problems since i was ?
i have a neurological issue that is impairing my cognitive functions. i can't get diagnosed. what do i do? . . for the past two years i have been having serious neurological symptoms. these symptoms include impaired thinking (or cognitive dysfunction) brain fog (which is basically the same as cognitive dysfunction) slowed reactions new types of headaches in the frontal part of my head partial insomnia tired but cant sleep (but when i do i cant wake up) lethargic losing interest in things. these symptoms are causing me depression and anxiety as well. i know this is. not. a mood disorder.
felt a stinging pain then a sharp painfang marks
i have ingrown toenails. they have been removed but keep growing back worse. can i prevent then from growing in that way
what is the treatment for genital herpes?
when is a stint used to pass kidney stones
nurse prescribed  days of cefdinir had terrible drug reaction how can i stop this?
how do i go about switching doctors and especially in the same practice as each other. have been looking into switching ob/gyns ever since the last one i saw. i wasn't really thrilled with her because she just had her  baby a couple mo before my  appointment and etc. now i learned that theres a new doctor in the practice and i really like to switch to her because she just started her practice hopefully she doesn't have a kid/s as of yet or expecting one just as of yet.
should i take omega- if i'm on blood thinners?
when is it safe to get flu shot after having mononucleosis?
 sex horm bind globulin  free/total with shbg testosterone calc free testosterone .  psa .  are # nornal. i am having some ed issues and had blood work and the above information was on the test results. i am  yrs old i weigh  lbs.  ft tall and i am in good health taking no meds my blood pressure is / fit and very low body fat. i exercise approx.  min. at least  times a week. with these blood test results and my physical condition no meds. blood pressure good what best guess would give me hint where to go from here?
what exercise does not aggravate achilles tendonitis? . i am trying to rest my achilles so i can return to playing tennis. in the meantime i want to exercise to stay in shape. what types of exercise can i do?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of enoxaparin?
does it matter if i drink something or eat something as a snack?
will exercising the vaginal muscles make my vagina tighter?
what product do you recommend i use to remove my acne scars and rejuvenate my skin? will it cause acne break outs? . i'm  i've suffered from acne for many years. my acne has died down but i am left with bright and light pink scars all over my cheeks. my skin looks worn out from all the acne medications i have used throughout the years and my skin has lost all its color and glow and looks very aged. what products (creams or anything) do you recommend i use to remove my acne scars and rejuvenate my skin? i don't want to break out so will the product you recommend make me break out and get new pimples?
my daughter's new adult teeth are all coming in yellow. will they always remain this color? is it from supplements?
what other conditions can cause dementia?
had a ferritin test. came back as.  (point <positive_smiley> besides iron supplements anything else to do? . male runner. last few months have not been feeling well when running. very heavy feeling and not to run paces i could easily do  months a go. knowing how important iron is for carry red blood cells i had my ferritin checked. test came back with a.  (yes decimal is in right place) lab said it was the lowest ever seen. i am a light eater and while not a pure vegetarian i do not eat much meat just a little chicken and fish. anything else i need to do beside taking ferrus sulfate?
what does heroin identify as in a drug scee?
i had gallstones fatty liver now blood in stools and blood in mouth?
fell down stairs. have crease swelling and severe bruising. now fever in my right butt cheek. what do i need to do?
i am  and i have low testosterone. are testosterone injections my best option or is there a long term fix? . are there any things i would need to consider before having testosterone injections performed given that i am  years old?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of methysergide?
in general will a regiment of  oz. of potassium citrate over a  day period clear the bowel tract in a  year old. our granddaughter has been on a regiment of  grams of miralax and  grams fiber per day. on fri. her bowel tract was found to be backed-up. doctor ordered  /. oz potassium citrate fri pm sat am -pm and sun am. (total  liquid. oz) mon. an x-ray was done and still showed no improvement. question. if medication was given following doctors orders should blockage have corrected or at the least shown improvement?
can poison ivy rash return same place after  months? . rash returned same places on arms after  months since had first rash. . haven't been any where near any plants no pets to come in contact with poison ivy. any one ever hear of this happening?
big bumps on my arms. have a fever in them and are itchy and they burn. they are on the back of my arm and on the side of both arms. they have rings around them and my arm is swollen. it makes me feel like im going to throw up.
"i work in nw ohio and i have employer-sponsored medical. . however in a recent update we were told there are ""many changes"" in the new law and we can expect increased costs as well as new ""fees. "" reinsurance assessment pcori fee and a  one i don't remember. are these fees across the board and standard or can companies collect a ""fee"" and say it is part of the new law? i am worried i will be paying fees that are inflated. what controls are in place for these types of charges?"
ive fainted  times in almost a  year span does not drinking enough water cause that?
why do i have burning during urination once or twice a week? (please see details). i am unsure if it's a uti as it occurs randomly and not a majority of the time i urinate. the stinging usually begins when i am almost done urinating and a short while after. i notice that the urine is not cloudy but when i am done there is a slightly dense and cloudy liquid on the tip of my penis with the urine. after about  minutes the pain goes away and usually doesn't happen for another week. i have wondered if i am drinking too much soda caffeine or if this is some kind of infection.
what is epilepsy?
i have painful swelling in both calfs and behind both knees doctors are puzzled need second opinion?
my mother in law is bedridden shaking incontinent and virtually sleeps all day no one seems to care?
i noticed a burning sensation on my side the redness spread and turned red/purple and still spreading?
it feels like my brain is moving when i jump. any ideas?
as an asthmatic taking the bus a lot i'm around  hand smoke so much that my asthma is worsening. mask recommendation. i want to know if there is a mask i can wear while waiting for the bus when i can't get away from smokers. i went online searching and couldn't find anything. all the websites i visited said it was impossible to really filter the cigarette smoke completely. so is there a mask that will do a fairly good job? maybe i can wear two of those masks at the same time to better help myself. thank you.
how long will it take until antibiotics start helping my ear infection? . i was prescribed an antibiotic for an ear infection  days ago and i have yet to feel relief from the dizziness and pressure in my head. what should i do?
my son has a history of azthma now has croup?
is there anyway to get chlamydia besides sex. several months ago i had my yearly exam and was fine i was just diagnosed with chlamydia this week i only have sex with my boyfriend of  years he has cheated on me in the past last time was january but he swears he hasnt cheated this time and thinks i did we do have anal sex and have sex toys is there anyway of getting it without him cheating on me in the past several months?
if a person is siiting up when they have an epileptic seizure should they be left sitting up or put on the floor? . not a seizure with convulsing but the person is in a catatonic state.
suffering panic/anxiety attacks psychiatrist keeps increasing meds feel my brain is sleeping?
i have been diagnosed with pcos need second opinion?
sudden bald spot on top of head please advise?
going on a long flight with a cold. need to sleep. sudafed with xanax or sudafed with nyquil? . i have a cold and i am going on a very long flight. i need to sleep. would i be better off taking sudafed with xanax or sudafed with nyquil?
my daugher is  and has the flu if she is still running a fever for going on  when should i take her to the er? . this is because i keep rotating tylenol and ibuprofen and it still does not want to break? i just dont want to wait too long?
i managed to get epididymitis after a fall whilst showering?
can shingles occur in the vaginal area? . its uncommon (though not unheard of) for shingles to affect the external area around the vagina called the vulva. its very unusual for shingles to affect the inside of the vagina itself but it can occur.
how can i reduce my waistline i'm sixty years old work out ten hours a week doing cardio lift weights plus diet? . i eat  calories a day include all four food groups. four servings of veggies fours servings of fruits and two servings of protein. one serving of dairy non fat yogart. . i do eight hours of cardio and two hours of weight baring exercises a week. drink eight glasses of water a day one cup of green tea and two cups of coffee with fat free cream no sugar. . . is there anything i can do to reduce the size of my waist? my colths are ill fitting because i have to buy everything to fit my wide waist.
does crixivan cure human immunodeficiency virus (hiv) or acquired immune deficiency syndrome (aids)?
i have had balanitis for  years now what is best treatment?
i have a crackling/crunchy sound in my ear that comes and goes. this sound has is becoming annoying. as i lay down at night i'll hear it the most it's this crunching sound almost like there is crawling around in my ear. but i don't think this is the case. it sounds like something is settling. please help this is really bothering me. thank you
what other medical conditions cause high blood pressure? . i am  years old female and do not take any medications. i am not overweight. i workout  hour  days a week. i do not have a family history of high blood presure. i do not smoke or drink. i eat healthy meals and do not overuse salt. i am not under stress. up until this year my bp was / now it ranges from / to /. what other medical conditions can cause bp problems?
can i get pregnant from naked genital to genital rubbing (no intercourse)? also on the pill no period for  days now. hello my boyfriend and i have been together for five years now. we just began being intimate not having intercourse but there has been nude genital to genital rubbing but no semen involved (sorry its gross. ) i haven't had my period in  days now and i took a home pregnancy test but it was negative. i started a birth control pill minastrin three months ago. could i just be missing my period because of the pill? or is there still a chance i'm pregnant? what should my next step be?
should i avoid eggs if i have gout? . do eggs contian purines? is there a difference between yolks vs whites re purlines?
right hand was crushed/squeezed with limited motion  metacarpal is broke?
is coffee healthy for kids? . how much is. to. . much?
i have been taking depo shot but i have been having unprotected sex can i still get pregnant while on depo shot
what are the symptoms of colon cancer?
why does every health insurance company think that if the customer has a health problem they should have to pay more? . the actual health problem could be increasing their life expectancy through them not being able to drive not being able to work and not having the normal difficulties of normal life.
why is vitamin d important?
can i get my hair dyed while pregnant?
do i have herpes or something else? . at first the only thing that formed was a small bump that i could see not feel on the opening of my vagina. right before that point i thought i had a yeast infection. the next day i developed more. they are located right near the opening on the lips and on my butt. today they became incredibly painful especially when urinating. they look like small pimples. i am also experiencing a lot of swelling and tenderness. it sounds like herpes to me but i am really hoping it is not.
what are normal tsh levels?
can i use triamcinolon cream for a yeast infection?
i am  female i have a heart murmur with hbp and high colrestoral i have chest pains on and off is this dangerous
i have been getting regular checkups; my doctor told me i have genital herpes. she said that i have been infected. my doctor stated that i contracted herpes in my pass and i wanted to know how could she determine how long i have had it? .
one eye went blind today for  to  min. should i call doc asap. in an instant my left eye went completely black and blind. my pressure is high and colleteral is high.
rash itchy red scalely discomfort scrotem. i've had this discomfort for more than  weeks. i thought it might be a fungus so i bought some anti fungus cream but it didn't help i also have a terrible rash and itching on my arms could both symptoms be related?
measles mumps and rubella vaccine safe to repeat shots
i suffer with asthma the last few hours i have a been getting a shooting pain in my left side?
hello i'm a female ' and going to be  next month is there anyway i can grow about  to  inches taller?
what are some good romantic/love rock songs? . trigga trey x darrius millsz - where da opps at <link> <link> <link>
after staph infection i have been getting pressure and sharp or dull throbbing pain in my upper left leg?
why are septicemia and urinary tract infections so prevalent with parkinson's? and do the meds cause hallucinations?
i am doing insemination to get pregnant when should i do the insemination im getting two donations during my cycle.
after seven years with my girlfriend i love her but don't share her dreams of marriage and a family. should i move out?
i have episodes where at first i feel really confused and then fall into a daze?
i am a cheerleader my leg cracked?
what could spots in my stomach muscle that a ct showed be? what kind of a dr should i see?
how to take care of yourself after having oral sex to prevent vaginal infections. what is the best way to keep yourself from getting a vaginal infection after receiving oral sex? my husband likes it but i seem to get either a yeast infection or bacterial vaginosis afterwards. does getting up immediately afterwards and washing eliminate the problem?
i have bloody stools for  years is this irritable bowel syndrome?
is it safe for my  year old son to take melatonin () to help sleep? most sites say not to give under  yrs old. my wife is wanting to give my  year old son melatonin () to help him sleep. all i have read about melatonin is that it should not be given to children under . it says it can cause nightmares seizures and other side effects. i feel a different method needs to be approached and not use melatonin because of these side effects. is it safe for my son to take this?
i have urgency when i pee not alot comes out; but urgency is still there and feel bloated going insane. i have urgency when i pee not a lot comes out; but urgency is still there and feel bloated going insane. if i sit there for half hour it will trickle out a little but urgency never goes away. its horrible. please help! . darcy wark. @hotmail. com
what does it mean when brown vaginal discharge during pregnancy?
felt a stinging pain then a sharp painfang marks
i had surgery in  for ruptured ectopic preg. i currently have hydronephrosis and kidney stones?
what can cause ererctile disfucntion?
i lost a loved one who was shot in the head twice brain dead but organs working?
iv inserted in jugular vein is causing vision problems and pain in back of head?
i havent exercised in years but i need to get in better shape. where do i start?
"how do you help someone understand depression when they don't belive depression exists? . i have suffered from depression on and off through the years (diagnosed with clinical depression at age ). i have been having a difficult time lately and have recently started taking an antidepressant. my husband doesn't believe or understand anything about depression. he thinks you should be able to just ""shake it off"" and move on. how do i get him to understand that depression is real and i need his support to get better?"
is it normal to have a large area of skin discoloration and atrophy after a cortisone injection?
what is the treatment for prostatitis?
is aerobics a good exercise to loose fat in belly?
can yasmin cause hairfall? i took supplements to control pcos for  months plus bcp after it for . cycle was regular after starting the supplements. started yasmin on  but after a month started experiencing hairfall(- per day). stopped taking yasmin without completing the pack on  thinking it was the reason for hairfall. my hairfall is under control but i have not had a period since the withdrawal bleed. acne has started to act up again. my gyno is insisting that i should start on yasmin again. will it start hairfall again? when will i get my period?
my right nostril is stopped up. had  treatments of antibiotics. what to do? . went to doctor in october for sinus. left nostril cleared up but right remains stopped up. went back in november received another treatment of antibiotics and mucinex. left nostril is so clear its dry. right nostril is still stopped up and gets worse at night making breathing through my nose impossible. i can't take antihistmines for a long period of time because they eventually trigger my bronchotis(excuse the spelling) and make me feel bad. what do i do? . .
experiencing what i believe to be hives all over my stomach chest and sides as well as lower neck causing itchyness. started experiencing this about  days ago after returning from a road trip to nyc. while there i had some calamari at a restaurant other than that life was normal as usual. i been taking antihistamines and using hydro cortisone cream to stop itching. both treatments seem to be working with no prevail
does waiting longer to get pregnant increase my chances of having a successful vbac with my second pregnancy?
i have slightly blurred vision numbness in hands and legs?
can you take wellbutrin xl  mg and smoke marijuana?
do you have any suggestions for health insurance marketplace plans for those who make too much to qualify for qmb? . but they do qualify for slmb? i'm trying to pay the yearly deductible and the % medicare co-pay is extremely difficult. especially for those who must see at least one doctor a month in order to get prescriptions necessary to maintain their mental health. not to mention seeing a pcp for their physical health.
can you take adderall with clonidine?
can too much ice cream damage the stomach?
intercourse and all of my past and current partners always complain of a vaginal infection/yest infection. for the past - years it seems every time i have intercourse with my partner i seem to give them or they seem to get a vaginal infection. the only time it they dont seem to get any type of infection is when we use condoms or if we spend  mins cleaning myself down there and then using rubbing alcohol on it before intercourse. . i have been tested multiple times and they cant find anything wrong with me. they have been tested multiple times also and the only thing they can find is a yeast infecti
very painful foot pain.  yr old male heart disease past  yrs high bp cannot walk very far without developing severe foot pain in the arch of the feet first heart attack  yrs ago last one  yrs ago feet pain started a year before last heart attack started in one foot then after triple bypass in  it is in both feet very painful also flat footed % heart function otherwise quite healthy
how can i build white blood cells with food?
can a heart murmer be heard without a stethescope?
why see a renal specialists for high blood pressure?
i've heard that pharmaceutical companies sometimes offer discounts on drugs. how would i get access to those discounts?
i got a mri of the brain and cervical spine there is a .  cm left maxillary sinus cyst is it a concern?
my daughter was prescribed ranitidine for stomachaches. she doesn't like the taste. can i give her maalox max instead?
what if i'm taking metronidazole for a bacterial vaginal infection and may be  week pregnant? will it harm my baby?
what foods and drink are good for the skin?
i may need knee replacement surgery soon. i have always been quite bowed legged. will the procedure straighten my legs? . i am  years old and a former long distance runner. i have been diagnosed with osteoarthritis in both knees. i suffered a torn meniscus at age  which was removed and have not been able to run since. that leg has become more bowed since. i am concerned that straightening out the bowed legs will cause issues elsewhere (such as the hips) since i was not born with straight legs.
how can i tell the difference between overactive bladder and diabetes?
i have a terrible sinus infection. could i please get an antibiotic called in asap? thank you.
can prescribed hydrocortisone valerate be used to clear up poison ivy?
i have chronic constipation. my dad wants me to try castor oil. is this something i should do?
hip replaced with radiation now my bones are weak?
nose bleeds for no reason. i have a  year daughter that her nose bleeds at least two times a day. she is just sitting and her nose will start bleeding. or she will sneeze and her nose just starts to bleed. what are the causes for this and should i take her to the doctor. i have used a saline solution for her nose and it makes it bleed also.
my wife is not pregnant but she is producing milk from her left breast?
why do i feel tired exhausted and suffering from a headache all the time?
i've been exercising a lot in anticipation of my upcoming high school reunion. how do i know if i'm overdoing it?
why do my knees squeak while walking
what is chickenpox?
what is the treatment for athlete's foot?
what is hypothyroidism?
if you have sexual intercourse while you have your menstrual cycle can you get pregnant. i'm talking about bleeding heavy an your having sexual intercourse
as an adult i received the dtp vaccine in . would i still need the tdap? . i didn't have my immunization records when i went back to college in  at age  so i received the dtp and mmr again at that time. would i still need to get the tdap booster or am i still protected by the dtp?
i am single no children age  and at the moment unemployed. . often i perform independent work or part-time assignments and have not been carrying an individual health plan for myself since . what low-cost options are there for someone like me with or without a job?
is it safe to put fresh kale in a fruit smoothie
can your throat hurt from an std
for the past week i watch my calorie intake and been going to the gym. i have gained ! feeling unmotivated. help! . had gastric bypass  years ago. lost  rapidly. past year i put on almost  by not eating right again. wanted to change that so i am watching what i eat by increasing my protein got rid of my diet pop addiction and my binge carb eating. my calorie intake is about  - a day (which is a lot for me considering) and i have been going to the gym for the past week for  -.  hour daily for cardio/strength training as well as home workouts. i have actually put on  in a week! help!
how can carbon monoxide poisoning be prevented?
can masturbation/ejaculation cause prostate cancer in teens? . (excessive or normal masturbation/ejaculation)
swollen lymph nodes. recently i had my ultrasound head and neck. what do you mean by both lobes of my thyroid glands are enlarged right lobe measures .  mm x .  mm x .  with an estimated volume of .  ml while the lobe measures .  mm x .  mm x .  with an estimated volume of .  ml. is my situation serious? also the result of my ultrasound says that there are enlarged cervical nodes in both sides which measures .  and .  mm in the right and .  and .  mm in the left. thanks a lot.
i have a speaking disorder is there surgery or medication that can help?
how can coronary atherosclerosis and heart attacks be prevented?
i accidentally scraped off my dead skin on a burn and pink flesh was undereath. how should i take care of that area now? . i have a second degree burn on my thigh and the doctor told me to put sulfadiazine on it twice a day. two days later i woke up and accidentally scraped off a huge piece of dead skin and raw pink flesh was underneath. i continued to put on the sulfa. for a day but pus starting coming out and now the area is even more red. i woke up this morning and there was a tiny spot of white on it too. how should i sea with this area? can i use aloe? is the more reddening means that its an infection?
i would like to make my left ankle look normal again?
what can i expect with treatment for stage  ovarian cancer?
how can i prevent travelers' diarrhea?
what can cause genital numbness?
chronic fatigue anxiety depression and digestive issues?
why is good post surgical care so important?
what type of injuries can be caused by cold weather?
what are the risk factors for a high-risk pregnancy?
what are the symptoms of herpes simplex?
would my laminectomy of / disk affect the disk above / causing it to herniate?
is it possible to get pregnant from swallowing or anal sex?
does ferrous gluconate in my multi vitamin help iron deficiency anemia? . i also take ferrous sulfate for my anemia. i've been on them for years and wanna figure out if i can stop taking one or the other safely.
if i remove my testicles will my testosterone production cease?
i have an outbreak close to my rectum can it get infected? because when i go to the bathroom it touches it.
what type of arthritis is most common in people who have ulcerative colitis?
at  i have pimples on my cheeks filled with fluid. how can i get rid of them?
can children take sudafed and motrin at the same time?
i had my wisdom teeth removed last week and still need some tylenol and ibuprofen. now i want to try to conceive? . is it safe to try to conceive this month? do i need to be concerned about the infection risk and treatment harming the baby if i do conceive?
i have suffered from random intermittent neuropathic pain is it early symtoms of multiple sclerosis (ms)?
how long after a collage is done can u have sex i had one a week ago and im  weeks pregnat
how is portal hypertension treated?
is there a relationship between the onset of hypertension and advanced stage parkinson's disease?
how long does the first herpes breakout take to heal? is there anything that can be done for relief other than warm ?
can an antihistamine and amoxicillin be taken at the same time?
what recipes would be healthy for kale based smooties as a meal replacement?
if i was just diagnosed with high risk hpv with mild a-typical cells would it be pointless to get the gardisal shot? . i have just been diagnosed with high risk hpv. the doctor said that i have very mild a-typical cells and they don't look to be pre cancerous. my question is would it be pointless to get the gardisal shot to prevent against some of the high risk strands of hpv that cause cervical cancer or is it too late now?
is bleeding after sex a big deal?
don't qualify for medicaid make too much on ue? make too little for obamacare through marketplace. what now? . don't qualify for marketplace due to. making too little on unemployment. . don't qualify for medicaid because my household. makes too much money. (my roommate has nothing to do with paying for my healthcare! ). i live in florida i feel like i am in the gap. next month i will not be able to pay my cobra premium because i must pay my household bills. i am drawing   per month through ue till june then no income at all. what now?
what surgery options do i have for warts and plantar warts?
how long does it take for impetigo to breakout. i have day care and one of the kids have an impetigo spot on his nose. the parents accuse me of giving it to him. the other kids do not have anything. this child bites his nails and picks his nose constantly. i bleach and change bedding everyday and wipe down where the kids touch. i even bleach patio and yard because i have dogs every to weeks. this child also has been sick for two weeks. how long does it take to break out? i am concerned about my other kids.
i go into periods of not talking to partner or children for a few days totally disengaging myself?
can certain medications cause your hair to break?
 days after my shingle vaccine i have a red patch where the vaccine was given. is this normal
can i be pregnant if i had unprotected sex the  day of being on the depo?
where can someone with multiple medical diet restrictions go to create a plan taylored to their specific health issues? . my mother's been diagnosed with acid reflux and several years ago she had part of her pancreas removed. so we need to create a healthy diet that keeps in mind both medical conditioins. she needs a comprehensive diet to keep dietary mistakes low. after her surgery she cut out sugar and potassium. now she needs to avoid foods that aggravate reflux which includes those sugar substitues. . . is there a service where you can input the foods you must avoid and a healthy diet is designed for you?
tonsillectomy necesarry to help with psoriasis strep and yeast infections? . since november i have had some kind of tonsillitis strep infection  times which twice has also been with severe yeast infection swelling my tongue and tonsils making unable to eat solids for a week. when i get a strep infection i get a severe case of gutatte psoriasis on % of my body which has been treated with every type of steroid cream you can think of but don't work anymore. the psoriasis wont shift and antibiotics aren't helping much.
"what should i do to get rid of ""brown spots"" or ""age spots""?"
can blood and a uti affect a pregnancy test? . my period is almost  months late and i am having some pregnancy symptoms but both tests i have taken are negative. during a physical for work the other day the np said i had a severe uti blood and protein in my urine. could this be the affecting the test at all?
doctor has advised me to do mesenchymal stem cell transplant need second opinion?
ive had nasal polyps had them surgically removed now painful what can i do?
my ears keep popping i get a really sharp pain and lose some hearing
hello i have a question concerning add/adhd. i have always procrastinated since i was little and it wasn't a very big deal until i got into late high school. i am now in college and cannot muster up the motivation to do work i know i have to do. i know i have the intelligence to get the work done better and faster than i am completing it but i usually lose focus after - minutes into the assignment and get distracted by anything that is slightly more interesting. this has always been the case since i can remember. my question is do you think this is a legitimate reason for me to go seek medical help? and if so how do i bring it up without appearing to be a bum college student looking for a fix? any insight you could give me on the matter would be greatly appreciated.
i found a weird looking mole on my breast could it be skin cancer?
large redish pimple like bump in pubic hair painfull at first. could it be an std? . it started like a pimple and was painful then grew a bit and got less painful. now it's slightly larger than a pencil eraser red and doesn't hurt. the skin on the surface is peeling a little. it's in the pubic hair not on the penis. what could it be?
how can i prevent nose bleeds ana are they linked to a deficiency of vitamins?
is it okay for vaginal discharge to come out while receiving oral sex? . my boyfriend and i recently just started having sex; but everytime he goes down to give me head/oral sex his mustache and facial hair is covered with my. well i guess discharge. he doesn't really complain about it but i don't think it's suppose to be that much on him. mind you this all before i have had my orgasm. is this normal? should i be worried?
my child is overweight. should i have her tested for diabetes?
can a bartholin cyst turn into cancer? . i no it is a bartholin cyst which was supposed to be drained  years ago. it only recently started to hurt and changed shape. it is about the size of a walnut.
could i be pregnant? . neasea. breast tenderness. more smells. more urination. late period about / days. heavy white discharge. may:. bloated no more sore breast. may  period ended about may . - brown discharge.  completely done but with uti symptoms of burning and frequent urination.  clear white discharge watery also ran a  today and felt pretty tired and then went to olive garden and i smelled beans and i could eat anymore i felt so sick. i coughed and almost threw up. tested  when i was late. 
is it possible for kidney stones to not show up in all these tests: x-ray sonogram ct & x-rays with/without contrast? . april woke up w/pulled muscle feeling in rside. wk later knew it was more. / pain severe. dr thought i was passing kidney stone wanted ct. had slight bacteria in urine. ins denied ct did x-ray & sono-nothing. - days later er did ct confirmed stones. went to urologist read ct no stones in rside but yes-left. did  ct w/contrast still no stones in rside. back to dr did mri for slipped disc or? showed nothing. she wants to send me back to urologist. is it possible stones wouldn't show? i feel crazy!
what can i expect during week  of my pregnancy?
my son was misdiagnosed with swine flu. he had rsv and pneumonia. does tamiflu have side effects we need to worry about?
i have arthritis in my knees and my leg stay sore and feel like they are about to cramp is there anything i can take? . i take hyland leg cramp pills but they only help for an hour or so. i talked with my pcp but they have no answers can someone please help me. .
my body is swelling losing control of hands and feet
what can bactrim be used for. wanna know if bactrim can be used for cold symtoms conjestion chills
who should receive the flu vaccine? when should someone get the flu shot?
can remeron cause fertility problems in women? . i have been taking remeron for a while now and have been trying to get pregnant and nothing was happening and i thought maybe it was a medicine that was causing the problems so i got off my remeron and got pregnant soon after but had a miscarriage and then got back on my remeron. we are trying to get pregnant again and no luck yet i was wondering if it could be my remeron keeping me from getting pregnant. has anyone had this problem or am i just over thinking the whole thing?
what is the hope for longterm management of atopic dermatitis?
i am an african-american female and my hair has started to thin and fall out. how can i stop it?
my sisters boyfriend gave my nephew pepto bismol last week. i'm not sure how much is this is somehing that can hurt him
will i have bleeding after stopping my birth control? . i just started birth control  days ago. the  day i started getting terrible migraines and it continued every day so i stopped after  days. now  days later i have slight bleeding is this normal?
how long is the incubation period with gastroenteritis? . how long after coming into contact with it would you get sick?
i have severe back pain that is now radiating down my right leg. . my doctor told me i have no reflexes in my right leg my right ankle and my left ankle. he is sending me for an emg test next week. i have three autoimmune diseases in addition to a clotting disorder as well. any ideas with this back issue might be?
how is epilepsy treated?
can imodium turn your stool dark?
does penicillin go in a mans semen sperm? . my fiance has been taking penicillin vk  for three days and we forgot and made love; i have a sever reaction to penicillin should i be worried?
if you have lots of fluid in your shoulders and other things going on what kind of doc should i see. had an mri the tech said i was full of fluid and that other things are going on in there. she said i have to wait until the radiologist sent the results to my doctor. i want to know what kind of doctor is my doctor going to recommend. when i asked the tech well do i have bursitis and tendinitis oh yeah with sooo much fluid. i have it in both shoulders. what kind of doctor will i have to see about this? .
can anxiety cause schizophrenia?
i was walking my dog and may have gotten poison ivy. how do i get rid of the itching? do i have to bathe my dog?
i have numbness in my left foot. what could have caused this?
my mother has copd and chest infection is she dying?
mammogram indicates a benign breast lump but now other lumps have appeared?
what is a retinal migraine?
if a person snorted drugs does that go into their lungs
can bow movements cause blood in urine?
how often should we have sex to get pregnant?
can mucosal polyp in maxillary sinus cause headache?
can lithium make a false or positive drug especially a positive for thc
what happens to someone when they get prostate cancer?
what is considered a negative ekg test?
a month ago i had carpal tunnel surgery. just diagnosed with herpes virus type . my wrist has been incredibly sore and. tender and clearly has more healing to do. could this virus affect this surgical site and the healing? thank you.
what is a migraine and how does it differ from other headaches?
please help! sitting blood pressure / and standing bp is /. my husband is on several bp meds incl. clonodine. his bp runs / to /. he excercises regularly and his bp goes down for a while after. recently we noticed that his bp is lower when taken standing vs. sitting. it spikes during the night always. he had a  way bypass at  years old because his bp was never controlled. what can we do? please help! we need a dr. house to figure out what is wrong with him and why medication is not working. thank you.
i have a white bubble bump on my lip. it doesn't easily pop and it keeps coming back. i've now had it for  weeks.
can i mix vicodin with fioricet?
what is a proctocolectomy related to colorectal cancer?
i have a friend that describes herself as a vegetarian and she still eats pork skins. are pork skins considered meat? . when she was a teenager her doctors told her that she is allergic to pork. what's the chance that she may become sick?
is it safe for the baby to be born at  weeks? . my friend is in the hospital on bed rest she is  weeks pregnant and the baby wants to come out. will the baby survive if he comes out now?
menstrual period delayed for  days now. pregnancy test came negative. what could it be?
can i take a claritin d after i have taken excedrin migrane?
i have been experiencing hand and lower arm tremors. is the herbal treatment limbarax safe and will it help?
can you drink alcohol while on lyrica? should you just not have your dose for that day?
i have or think i have athletes foot when should i contact my doctor?
how can i treat my shingles at home as i cannot afford to go to the doctor?
my doctor diagnosed the pain in my foot as tendonitis. no xrays were taken and i am questioning if that is the problem. the pain comes and goes and is intense. when it starts the vein on top of my foot to my ankle bulges. the pain is mostly in the top of my foot from my big toe to my ankle and hurts when i am just sitting.
ive fainted  times in almost a  year span does not drinking enough water cause that?
rt kidney lithotripsy two weeks ago good so far with the kidney. now since the proc i have bowel w/ diahrrea why? . i have had extreme painful gas and cramping with diahrrea since the kidney lithotripsy why is this happening?
is there a pill which can prevent pregnancy if taken after sex (condom broke)?
what are the expected repercussions for not having signed up for any health insurance by the jan.  deadline?
can a dog bit near the eye cause a caterac to develop in a dog's eye? . chihuahua got bit under eye in july  by another dog. developed red growth where bit. took care of with medicine. now the same eye has developed a cataract first noticed in may . could the infection from the dog bite have caused enough trauma to the eye for the chihuahua to develop a cataract?
what is my risk of contracting hiv? . i was the top partner during anal sex with another man. i used a condom for the first half and then for about  minutes did not use one before i decided it wasnt working out and stopped. neither one of us ejaculated. i am wondering if any risk of hiv was posed to me. . as a side note my partner said he was negative but i have no proof.
can gallstones cause pain in the kidney area
how long do you have to wait to have unprotected sex if you just started taking the birthcontrol pill lo loestrinfe?
what is hypothyroidism?
 old male child with a recurrent git and respiratory infection?
how often should the vaporizer be cleaned?
what is a vasoactive injection for erectile dysfunction?
i donated plasma the other day my vein is now hard and hurts and im getting bad headaches?
how many grams of sugar per day. how may grams of sugar should you take in a day
uti vs ngu? . i was wondering. do they have the same type of bacteria? i went to my local std clinic and they took a culture. diagnosed it under a microscope and said i had ngu. is there a way it could also be a uti? they prescribed me  pills of azithromycin. i haven't had any symptoms minus a small rash on the shaft of my penis(i think its jock itch) it's been going away since using topical ointment. is there a way i could have an uti?
do i have a uti or std? need help! . i had sex with a girl and she told me during sex she had a uti afterwards it started to burn when i peed i went about a week like that and bought some medicine for a uti well the burning went away but i now experience shortness of bladder and noticed that when i have to go i don't really feel a relieving sense. do i need to take more of the medication to clear this up? all has occurred over the last month or so
can disc issues at c- and c- cause lower back and right shoulder pain?
i took a test and it come up + but my boobes dont hurt
i have been experiencing sharp lancing pain behind my right ear in the mastoid area?
is a vegan diet safe during pregnancy?
body turns bright red and burning sensation then sever itching as fast it comes on it goes away but may linger. sometimes i can be very relaxed talking to someone in a chair and they look at me and ask why are you turning bright red and it comes all over my body and i feel like my body is on fire like a severe sun burn and then major itching comes all over it lasts sometimes a min or two or it will last for  minutes and i have to scratch to get relief but i have no nails and i scratch until skin starts to come off that is how hard it itches doctors say it is from stress but i am relaxed why
i am  years old experiencing hot flashes headaches abnormal menstrual periods bloated lower abdomen pelvic pain. dryness when intimate with husband or low sex drive.
my son has had ringworm for  weeks we are still using rx cream. school asked us to cover it. is it okay to cover?
my  year old chahauhas got diarrhea and dragging his back legs this morning. i'm hoping theres over the counter meds. last week my friend had a chauhaha  years old with diarrhea and legs dragging but is fine today so it seems. this morning my dog she watches for me has the same trouble. what causes this and how can i treat it. im on a limited income and cant afford a vet at this time and they dont take i. o. u's. please help me this.
can viral pneumonia cause meniere's disease. about  months ago i had pneumonia that may have been viral. the doctors thought it was but were never sure. since that time i've developed symptoms of meniere's disease. could this have been caused by viral pneumonia? . thank you.
i have a smooth red rash on both sides of where testicals touch thigh. by end of day it has a stinky film.
i have acoustic nouroma tumour should i have full surgery or partial with radiation?
my mom has copd and keeps falling asleep
is there a vaccine against the new swine flu virus?
kenalog injetions during facelift to preemt scaring. won't hold stitchs. plastic surgeon injected kenalog during my facelift to preempt scaring tendency. i am one month post op. he has restitched two ares twice. the second time with deep stitches too. the stitches will not hold. now he syas there is too much tension and we must let heal naturally. there has been no healing in one month in these areas and there are a nickel and a two inch long hole behind my ears. the front looks fine thank goodness. has anyone heard of injecting kenalog during surgery?
what fruits/vegitables can i mix in a blender to make a healthshake that has all the viamins/nutrients of a multivitamin. i'm wanting to make a shake that is  or less that has all the vitamins and nutrients i need. i read that multivitamins like centrum or shakes like ensure are somewhat ineffective because the vitamins don't absorb as well as they do from natural foods. . so what i want to do is make a drink that will replace my daily multivitamin. i want it to be made from as few ingredients as possible and not taste too horrific. any advice or resources would be greatly appreciated. <positive_smiley>
does using nictone products decrease cholesterol levels
i have recently been prescribed metoprolol simvastatin pantoprazole and fish oil. can i resume taking alli?
mom fell backwards on to her back on concrete and has bups on head with on larger. headache. pain
i have very dark circles under my eyes. how can i hide them without using too much makeup?
i was admitted to icu in a hospital diagnosis: vbi bppv need second opinion?
at age  what should i look for in an antiaging facial cream?
is there any way to get rid of the genital herpes virus?
could i be pregnant? help! . ok so  days before my period i had spotting. only when i wiped. was very light pink. now its one from when i was suppost to start my period. ive been having nausea lower back pain whiteish yellowish discharge craving weird things like ramen noodles which i hate. my eating is alot different i dont want to eat alot but when i do its weird things
i swore i was pregnant took test and no. supposed to get period today but got it mon. and now gone? am i pregnant? . my cycle is like clockwork. i have had almost all symptoms but woke up mon. morning bleeding. today nothing. my period usually lasts atleast  days! i am  and have only been pregnant once which resulted in a delayed miscarriage almost  yrs ago. so i am confused as to what is going on? !
i have strep throat i have severe pain in the top of my mouth and ears. is this normal? . i have been on antibiotics for almost  days and i have been taking  of advil every  hours. the pain on the roof of my mouth is so sharp that it takes the breath away from me. it is very difficult to eat and talk. the advil is doing nothing for my ears and head pain. are these normal symptoms? if not when should i go back to the doctor?
are lying and stealing symptoms of adhd. my son has adhd but he is constantly lying and stealing. are lying and stealing symptoms of the adhd and if so what can i do to help him?
what is crohn's disease?
"i don't have an income at the moment. . however the price quotes for the various health insurance plans don't seem to take that into consideration. the ""affordable"" healthcare is giving me prices of about $ to $ per month for just the silver plans."
i suffered a major left sided hemiparesis in july  i started suffering from violent muscle spasms in my left quads muscles?
can tooth decay in a man's mouth cause a woman to have a yeast infection through oral sex? . my dentist placed a bridge in my mouth which caused some of my teeth to decay. before i found this out i performed oral sex on my girlfriend and a few days later she had a yeast infection. did the decay in my mouth cause the yeast infection?
i am in a masculine profession so feel like i would try to sort the problem out with the minimum of fuss possible. when i am with my friends i feel fine when i go back to my own place and watch the tv i seem to get very down and the slightest thing can make start/feel like crying. mostly its things like hospital dramas when i see women of a certain age that are ill my mother died  years ago and i think that i kept most of my emotions to myself as i did not want to be seen as weak. i have also been to iraq and afghanistan where i spent quite alot of the time travelling around so had to was by myself most of the time (nothing of note in my opinion while i was there happened to cause concern) any help or advice that you would be able to give me on this problem would be much appreciated.
my  yr old daughter had a spinal fusion in june now  months later she gets choked when eating?
why are females afraid of intercourse? . female afraid of getting married because of intercourese? without any previous experience?
how much do fillers cost for eye puffiness? does insurance cover it? if not what other treatments do you recommend?
is it a uti or yeast infection? . i have been having classic symptoms of a uti (burning when peeing constantly feeling like i need to pee fullness in pelvic region) for a few days and started on antibiotics last night. last night i also noticed that my labia seems a little swollen. i am just coming off my period if that makes any difference but i have not seen any discharge or smelled anything different. i am just wondering if the uti was a misdiagnosis and i really have a yeast infection?
i woke up with double vision extreme dizzy spells aneurysm in the family?
my grandmother used what she called black salve to treat boils. i can't seem to find it anywhere it was a drawing salve
i sprained my ankle really bad i have partial tears of ligaments – need second opinion?
what is the ball at the vagina opening. i am  very healthy do / marathons. lately i feel like something is at the vagina opening. i do not do self exams. i thought it was a swollen urethra. my doctor is on vacation so i went to a walk in clinic. said i was fine. but when i look in the mirror there is a pink large ball at the entrance with a dimple on it. it feels like it is coming out. all the clinic would do is said see a gyno. no referral. can you tell me what this might be. still nervous plus i have a race in  weeks.
i received cortisone shots in my scalp for the purpose of hair growth but the shot left me with hyper pigmentation?
can suppressing a sneeze be harmful?
can i take tylenol pm while taking mobic for arthritis?
"pain all over my body and it's just getting worse. what is wrong? . i'm young about to turn  and i had no previous health issues until about  months ago. i started to experience a pain in my feet that began to spread through my legs and was made worse by exercise. i had to see a doctor several times before i saw an exercise physiologist who told me that the tissues in my muscles were not extending like they were supposed to effectively ""tied in a knot. "" time went on and now the pain is everywhere. it hurts to sit straight lay down. what is wrong?"
i have a lump at the bottom of my spine?
can taking a medication such as steroids cause a false positive for chlamydia?
what are the signs and symptoms of the poison ivy rash?
what is radiation therapy?
what is my chance of ever getting pregnant? . im over weight have hypothyroidism but my periods are like clock work % of the time. my boyfriend and i have been together  years now and while we are not really trying to get pregnant we're also not trying to prevent from pregnancy either. with that said i cant help but wonder why i am not pregnant yet.
what is osteoarthritis of the knee and how is it treated?
i have had oral hpv for a over a year now. is it possible to transmit it through kissing? also how can i get rid of it? . i am a -year old male and this all started last summer when i gave one particular girl oral sex. a couple days after i noticed soreness in my jaw several lesions on my cheeks and swollenness all over my mouth. i've been to several doctors (ent dentist even planned parenthood) all to no avail. but i am % sure it is oral hpv based on pics and symptoms and since oral hpv is not very well-known. . if i kiss a girl will she wake up with a wart? ! <negative_smiley>. i'm mostly worried about transmission. thanks.
can bedbugs cause scabies?
i am on birth control on the third pill of the last row was wondering should i/can i take  of a new packet to be safe? . i am on birth control and i didn't plan on having sex i am horrified mortified and scared to death to get pregnant. anyways. i am on the third pill on the last row the placebo pills i'm lightly bleeding an it had a lil brown in it but. . i was wondering could i/should i take one-two pills from the new packet to be safe? i had sex the other night and he pulled out but i'm horrorified i can't afford plan b an the hospital would be able to get me script in time
toe pain.  toes big toe and the next. burn throb. ache pricks no sleep like broken not swelling don't recall injury. no known breaks but dog stepped on me maybe it's gout? . mom had this yrs ago. am  lbs.
can both married spouses have flexible spending accounts? does their combined contribution need to be under $ ?
constant phlegm in throat. a few years ago (age ) i had an adenoidectomy due to it being large and the dr thought it was causing my problem (of having a blocked up nose /). all this achieved was that now the mucus drips to my throat for me to cough it up rather than going to my nose. had  adenoidectomy to remove the remains no change. . seen countless drs and none know what's wrong with me. i've taken cetirizine lots of nose drops/sprays nothing has helped. can anyone give me a new idea of how to fix this? . thanks . stu
i'm nursing my .  month old. both of my nipples are sore and one breast has hard lumps. mastitis or thrush? . the breast with the lumps is quite sore and the nipple has bled when nursing. i also have a low grade fever (was .  now . ) chills and nausea. this has been going on for  hours. i have not slowed down with nursing but the lumps don't seem to be getting better.
blisters from meth itchy when scratched burn n hurt  wks ago cant seem to heal
what is hepatitis c?
my daughter cries after and sometimes while eating?
years ago i had severe anxiety depression and couldn't leave my house. its back and i need medicine. is this normal?
daughter tested positive for mono. the only symptom is swollen lymph nodes in her neck. can she play soccer? . she has no fever no swollen spleen no sore throat no fatigue. dr left it up to us whether or not she should play! just want to hear other opinions.
what is colorectal cancer?
how long do you have to take microgestin fe before it's safe to have sex and be protected from pregnancy?
my period isn't due for  and now i have a thin white milky discharge and i had sex on two of my high fertility day. i am  had on child already not on any form of birth control and had sex on two of my high fertility days. could i have concevied?
if you have unprotected sex on nov  is it possible to tell with a home test that you are pregnant on the ?
how can i cook with tofu?
i am covered by the va with a rating of %. would i still benefit from medicare or medicaid?
is overhead pressing and pulling important in training? . i've had shoulder tendonitis from doing a lot of painting and remodeling and i'd heard from the orthopedic doctor that i should stay away from military presses. . if that were the case i guess i should stay away from the lat pulldown exercise too correct? . i don't want to do damage to my shoulders in the long run i'd like to have healthy shoulders even if i stopped working out not stop working out and always be in pain from not training smart.
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of novolog flexpen?
i am  and every morning for the past  months i wake up fine but when i try to eat i feel like i am going to puke. this only happens in the morning. i feel fine when i go and eat lunch. this nausea doesn't happen if i wake up after . my stomach growls if i don't eat but i will still feel like puking. i have puked a few times on the way to school.
is there a weight loss injection?
cnstnt ringing in ears also hear a light tss. tss. tss. noise w/ feeling of tipsy every pm esp. with head/eye movmnt.
what medication is stronger dermorol or percocet?
is it okay to fly after having an ear infection that has cleared up even if my hearing has not returned to normal?
i have a skin condition but it doesn't seem to meet any of the ones i've researched. what is it? immensely itchy. on my arms legs butt thighs and a few other places. i have raised skin that is skin coloured and in little patches. it itches immensely and comes and goes.
is my new girlfriend allergic to me i mean in a medical way?
how can i make myself sweat? . i am not sweating no matter how hot i make the room and i have a cold i need to sweat out and my legs feel funny. i don't have a fever. how can i make myself sweat?
i had breast reduction my doctor took  g from right and  from left breast?
is having medicine for  years good to take? . i had foot surgery and have  pins in my foot iwas taking tramadol hcl  i found in my medicine cabnet hydrocodon acetaminophen - it is  years old can i still take it? i am also taking naproxen sodium 
i am anemic and have abnormal dsdna antibodies do i have systemic lupus erythematosus (sle)?
what causes swollen feet and ankles?
my daughter has these bumps on her arm and i cant seem to figure out what it is?
what can cause burning in my thighs when i dance or climb my stairs? it also causes fatigue in my thighs.
my daughter has a horrible cough. she is  years old. what can i give her?
can a child  yrs of age get bronchiolitis?
i used someone else's sex toy after using it i cleaned it multiple times is that toy safe please help. so i used someone else's sex toy before i used it i cleaned it and disinfected it and before i used it the person hadn't used it for at least  hours but after i used it i disinfected it with anti bacterial soap and warm/steaming hot water is that toy safe?
when female is taking testosterone (inject)  bcom male do the fluids shared by her female partner contain testosterone. if there is a small level of testosterone in the fluids (saliva etc) can it have an effect on her female partner such as anxiety and all the others that can occur with the injectee but maybe to a smaller degree.
is it ok to get pregnant when i have a hernia?
what is dopamine?
im a  year old rwandan girl with asthma and thyroid condition getting worse?
girlfriend had tummy tuck procedure  months ago. just found out we are pregnant. is she and baby safe because of scars? . we both workout regularly but she obviously has her scars and we are worried the scars are still to fresh to handel the growth of her belly
possible std exposure? . during the past couple of months i went a little crazy on drinking and i've had multiple protected sexual encounters with commercial sex workers. i've had  sexual intercourses with  different workers. the condom broke once during which my penis seemed to contain a small cut but we noticed it right away and changed it. also  of these encounters the condom slipped off after ejaculation as i was pulling out. now i have some flu-like symptoms and wondering if there is a chance i have an std?
i'm  and  lbs overweight. recently started zumba twice per week  wks ago & im feeling worse not better. about  minutes in the zumba routine i have trouble taking deep breaths i get a headache and emotionally i want to start crying. as i push myself through the hour routine my breathing and emotion gets better. i wonder if something may be wrong with me or if my big body is still trying to adjust. no hbp no diabetis only history of kidney stones and hypoglycemeia.
what causes nausea and vomiting after eating in a teenage male. my son is  and has had this issue before he was given nexium. he was not able to take that medicine and it was changed to something similar. it did help and he was on it for about a month. he didn't need it for a while and now the nausea and occasional vomiting after eating has started again.
i dislocated my toe doctor wants to have pin surgery need second opinion?
 missed period in april spotted in march nothing in june. pregnacy test negative. on depo shot last year. hello . my daughter is  she has been sexually active and claims a condoms was used in the act. she didn't receive a period in april and than spotted in march. no period yet for june. she did take a test and it came back negative. she was on the depo briefly ( she only took two shots and than stopped) her last shot was last year i want to say in july . please note that she had been getting regular periods up until april when she didn't receive one.
mass in partoid gland what is it i feel like im slowly dying?
i understand that those with diabetes can now get coverage but will it cost more than other people's coverage?
should you drink milk while taking augmentin to help it better absorb into the system?
the doctor said that i have carcinogenic cells with bacterial nature?
why would a doctor induce a coma in a stage four lung cancer patient. my sister in law was diagnosed with stage four lung cancer while being treated for breast cancer went to the hospital with respitory problems and was put on oxygen although it seemed she was getting better the doctors then informed the family she needed to be put into an induced coma and injected with some medicine after putting her into the coma the next day she was given the medicine in which immediatetly put her into cardiac arrest and she died. all this happened within a  week time frame
i have always had regular periods. for the past two weeks i have been spotting when i run every day. is this normal?
how long should stitches and staples stay in. they were put in at er was released with no instructions
are there any otc creams that will help relieve the pain and sting of shingles?
are there special side effects that can occur with cortisone joint injections?
i am trying to find specifics of united health care's platinum health insurance plan. how can i do this?
can i get genital herpes from hsv- (cold sores)? . gf has cold sores we've been dating for almost a year and a half and i never had symptoms of hsv- i could've gotten from kissing. . can i get genital herpes if she performed unprotected oral sex on me (assuming i didn't catch hsv- if that's possible)? . . if i did get hsv- but it hasn't manifested at all does that mean i can't catch genital herpes from it through oral? . . if i did catch it could she get genital herpes from me if i performed oral sex on her? . (assuming we're(? ) not on an outbreak)
i am on lisinopril.  mg dermatologist recently prescribed.  mg of spironolactone. is this safe?
how can i prevent high blood pressure from damaging my kidneys?
how soon might someone have side effects from radiation therapy?
my  year old had a fever for the past  days. she is complaining of stomach pain and can't urinate.
i had unprotected sex and he ejaculated inside of me it was three days after my period could i be pregnant? no bc
having light/mild chest pains near left brest/armpit? heart problems at ? . hi i'm a  year old with a very strange pulse and sometimes very light chest pain near my armpit/breast area. my bmi is  (currently working on lowering) i exercise at least  times a week; about an  hour of - miles. note that i've been doing this type of regular exercise since i was . i've been working on eating correctly as well. i've recently quit caffeine and diet sodas replacing them with  cups of water. my blood pressure is /. usually my resting rate ranges from - bpm.
gp thinks i have tonsillitis or glandular fever what should i do?
im  weeks pregnant and i think my amniotic fluid is leaking is this normal and what should i do?
my doc put a medication on gential warts. the burning is horrible. how can i stop the burning & how long will it last
i have a sore patch of skin thats scaley bumpy and peels i have had it for months and have no idea what it is. this atch of skin is on the outter art of my palm towards my wrist i have had it for months probably close to a year now i have not treated it with anything. it's dry and and sore and has bumps sometimes it will be healed and not be dry or sore however the bumps are small and always there. when it gets really dry it peels and then typically heals and does not bother me for awhile. i have no i dea what it is but the small bumps almost seem like tiny planter warts.
what if you're a veteran and have veteran health care. do you need to get health insurance through the marketplaces?
what are kegel exercises?
about  months ago i got a catheter due to urinary retention from benadryl. will vistaril do the same? . i took  pills of benadryl ( mg) and had to have a catheter installed to drain my bladder will taking one hydtoxyzine  mg give me urinary retention?
could genital herpes be causing the breakouts on my torso in my mouth and around my genital and anal areas?
will lemon juice help acne
i had unprotected sex with  bar girls in the phiippines. should i get tested for stds and/or take any prophylactic meds
stage  anal cancer left radiation neuritis of sciatic nerve now in pain?
ekg says there was moderate right axis deviation.  normal sinus rhythm with marked sinus arrythmia. ?
i have a cluster of blisters on the top part of my butt crack. what is it
what is this rash on my penis? . i developed a red rash on the top and underside of my penis. i had unprotected sex with a girl about a week ago and we failed to use enough lubrication. my penis was red and sore after. i had a small skin colored bump for about a month prior to this that i had my dermatologist treat with cantharidin and the next day i noticed that there was a little more irritation. the skin in this area is very dry and i have been diagnosed with seborrehic dermatitis on my face and thighs. please help dx.
can a woman test positive for methamphetamines after sex if in sperm from the male
is it safe to take hydroco / and.  xanax? . i was in an auto accident and broke my ankle/foot wrist and had internal abdomonal injuries and was prescribed hydroco / for pain. i also suffer from anxiety and panic attacks and have been taking.  mg of alprazolam per day. are these two medications safe to take at the same time? i take  hydroco / tablet every - hours for pain and take.  alprazolam per day.
i accidentally took  in  day and decided to finish all remaining pills. im short  pill. am i still protcted? . i accidentally took  pills on my  day and decided to finish the pack even i am short of  pill. so i tookfnonly for  days. and on the  days free pills i had sex and he ejaculates inside me. now is my  day on the free pill and not having my period yet. did i do it wrongly? am i still protected? or is there a chance i will get pregnant? please help me!
how fast can arthritis develope in a broken foot. i broke my left foot over a year ago and am still having problems. i've been told it is arthritis and nothing can be done except fuse the foot. what no one can or will tell me is why no problem before breaking the foot but after breaking it i suddenly have arthritis? can it develop that fast? i feel like the doctors and insurance nurse just want me to go away. thank you.
do i need a pregnancy test? . my boyfriend and i were fooling around and we had unprotected sex. i have never been pregnant before. i am  have pcos one ovary and my boyfriend had some trouble staying erect due to alcohol. he did not orgasm. my cycle is unpredictable and i don't know when to expect my next period. last one was  days ago. do i need to worry?
will doxycycline hyclate make me fail a urine test
"how to lose more weight and get into exercise? . so back in march i weighed  lbs at '"". i had been rather fed up with this so i cut out a lot of carbs (less bread pasta sugar etc). by may i weighed  lbs and now i think its time to lose  more pounds. seeing as my diet is a lot healthier i suspect changing that any further won't help unless i go extreme and be miserable. i've tried cardio regimes but the soreness always keeps me from sticking with it. if i am sore is it a good idea to exercise anyway?"
what should my bedtime be for a good nights sleep?
i have had  c section deliveries and would like to become pregnant again is this safe? how many is enough or to many?
what happens to the lung in emphysema?
it burns when i have sex does not itch or burn when i pee only during sex and i discharge or a yellow greenish color
why should i exercise after menopause?
does lamictal xr with an antidepressent assist in the treatment of severe depression. no seizures or and not bi-polar? . i was prescribed lamictal xr along with pristiq last spring in the treatment of my depression. i've been on a  different meds but this seems to be the only thing that works. my insurance company is saying that because i am taking lamicta l i must be bi-polar. never had manic symptoms only depression. most definitely not bi-polar! . if you could please tell me if lamictal is ever used in the treatment of depression i would be grateful. thank you in advance!
how to know when congestive heart failure is cured? it was caused by pulmonary hypertension. i've still fluid retention. after  days of failed lasix dosage has now been increased to total  mg lasix a day. beta blocker has my heart rate averaging  bpm. my right foot is often ice cold sometimes my whole right leg. my next cardiologist appt is in -/ weeks.
my husband is self-employed and we have a high deductible bcbs policy. . we are able to deduct cost of health insurance on taxes. if we were to get a policy through the marketplace would we lose that deduction? also i had a brief conversation with someone from bcbs who lead me to think that we will have to change policies. i was very confused.
how do you cure chronic constipation?
my mom has one hip is a little higher up than the other and it hurts?
what foods are rich in folic acid and good for me to eat during the first trimester -- and throughout -- my pregnancy?
is stretching exercise helpful for tight foreskin?
my dad had his prostate out in august  and he is still has pain but its his stomach and he has to go to the bathroom more then usual that is peeing a lot and he is stubberin to go and ask the doctor question so can you please help me
why is that i recently fell at work went to er for eval and i have a pre-existing condition w/c won't treat-tumor. my ortho dr knows about this was examined by dr prior to fall. now won't see me for this pre-existing condition. i am now is severe pain due to fall what do i do?
"i have been off depo shot for over a year and have no period. i recently began having pregnancy symptoms. am i pregnant? . i was on the depo shot for  years and have not gotten the shot since september . i have still not had a period and have been having pregnancy symptoms. my fiance and i use the ""withdraw"" method. i realize that you can still get pregnant this way. after over a year of not receiving the shot i don't think the symptoms could be attributed to the shot. i had a pap smear -- and it came back fine. so could i be pregnant and if not what could be causing the pregnancy symptoms?"
what kind of doctor do i see for swollen glands under the armpit/very itchy rashes on the swollen glands and groin? . my armpits are so painful that sometimes i put ice packs on them. i have developed very itchy little red bumps under my arms on my inner groin and between my buttocks. all of this is extremely uncomfortable and depressing.
ive  pregnancy test both were negative ive had nausea fatigue and breast leaking now. went off the pill  ago. i have an  month old at home and stopped breast feeding last august.
my surgeon said he saw two small hernias on my ct and wants to repair them. what are your thoughts? . i've seen post on the internet that says small hernias may never grow or be harmful in ones lifetime.
my  year old daughter has bleeding from her ears for  days what caused this? saw a doc. in italy stills bleeding. my daughter is  years old. she has had tubes put in both ears due to lots of ear infections in the past. it has been alittle more than a year since she had her last tubes replaced.  of march she woke up in the middle of the night screaming at the top of her lungs tugging on her right ear for about  to  hours. i wake up and notice her pillow with lots of red blood it coming out of her ear. has for  days now. very concerned<negative_smiley> what causes this and what is going on? she has been seen (italy)
i have a stubborn keloid since giving birth to  daughters via cesarean  yrs ago. still growing & causing inflammation
i am starting to feel very slight burning sensation after urination?
my baby was diagnosed with spina bifida. what should i be doing to prepare for his birth and follow-up care?
what are the main causes of infertility?
can someone help shed some light w/ my eeg results? i can't see neuro until jan. scared. help please! . can anyone help explain eeg impression? . not looking for a diagnosis by random ppl on the internet obviously i will leave that up to my neuro. i just want to know wth i'm reading. i can send impression results via email. i am desperate. i was already diagnose with epilepsy in  and afraid it may be a drug resistant epilepsy judging by findings and google searched. help! i can't believe neuro can't ease my mind just a tad by talking over the phone.
does apple juice disolve gall stones. if the gall stones are small can apple juice dissolve them?
is slim fast good for you?
i still have a softball-sized lump on my thigh and buttocks from hitting a tree while skiing last year. what can i do? . my doctor said it was fat necrosis and should be gone in a year but it is the same. should i take more action?
what are some types of common warts?
my  old daughter keeps breaking out in hives every couple weeks to months. no food allergys or nothing in our home. she seen a allergist and its getting us no where i don't know what to do anymore. please help
both my  yo ( lt. side) and  yo (bilat) girls have red swollen nipples no visable insect bites or break in skin. both my daughters were co discomfort around breast. my  yo girl lt. nipple is red swollen tender my  yo girl bilat nipples are red swollen and tender. no break in skin visable. i am puzzled since both my girls have symptoms. no recent change in product. no other rashes on skin anywhere. the only new exposure to anything on skin is swimming in pool. i could think of numerous causes if it was only one of them. but both?
my fiance and i have been having unprotected sex for the past two months or so. could i be pregnant? . i recently had a period that basically lasted only two days. i been feeling different changes in my body and my fiance has been feeling nausea for the past couple of days. could i be pregnant? i have looked up symptoms of early pregnancy and i match more than half but i feel doubtful because of the bleeing.
when i first lie down my lower back erupts in sharp pain. sometimes it goes away sometimes not. i'm a  y/o female. lying on side or stomach is the same- laying down i have to tense up those muscles or its painful. if i arch my back the pain goes almost completely away and after a while i can relax without issue unless i'm lying on my front. i exercise every day; i have a desk job and i'm on my feet a lot. i eat right and don't smoke/drink. what do you guys think? i have tried stretching before lying down but i'm not really sure. how. i should etc. so any tips would be most helpful.
"how long does bacteria such as salmonella stay contagious on non food and water surfaces such as cloth car seats? . i purchased a frozen turkey and did not realize the package was torn until i removed it from the bag once at home. i used a bleach solution to clean the hard surfaces (door handles etc) but just needed some additional information on specifics of the possibility if bacteria was on the frozen turkey does that transfer to hands etc. while it is in a frozen state and if so how long does the bacteria stay ""contagious"". am concerned about other non hard surfaces such as cloth seats in car."
which exercises will help me get rid of my love handles?
if my girlfriend has mrsa on (or in) her bartholin gland could i get it from us having sex? . hi there . my girlfriend said something about having mrsa on the glands in her vagina that make natural lubrication which i am assuming are the bartholin glands. my question for you is: if we have sex is it possible for me to contract it from her? this might be a silly question but i am actually kind of worried about it. thank you for the help!
i had a horseback riding accident and fell on my back pain is spreading?
my sinus is blocked on the left side of my face. how dod i get this to drain without having surgery. ct scan shows alot of junk on the left side of my face. teeth hurt hoarse at times. been on  antibotic for  days now going on another round for  days along with using nasonex. what else can i do to prevent surgery.
are there topical creams for treating arthritis
can you spread hives on yourself by scratching similar to poison ivy? . first time i've every had them. they're from a medicine reaction and i starting scratching without thinking! they're even on the palms of my hands. maddening! and i'm snowed in and won't be able to get a remedy for a day or so. any insight would be appreciated.
how long does viral gastroenteritis last? . i seem to have gotten the germ from my mother or brother. and i would like to know how long it lasts.
should i use a secondary birth control when taking antibiotics while on implanon
i have gastric problems with itching and breathing problems getting worse?
can masturbation help to prevent or remediate prostate cancer? . somewhere i heard that masturbation helps to prevent prostate cancer or possibly remediate it if there is an existing diagnosis (stage ).
will i be in the bathroom for hours after the prep starts for a colonoscopy?
can hydrocodone worsen already developed ulcers? if so what medication can i use other than tylenol for back pain?
i broke out in a rash only on my face. what could it be? . i did not change any products that i use on my face. same make-up face wash and lotion. i do have dry sensitive skin. i also have acne with regular breakouts but nothing like this rash before. its not that bright little bumps all over and itchy. i am 
can any advertised device reduce my sagging skin?
i took hiv western blot test. the result is negative do i have the risk hiv. i had protected sex with a sex worker i changed condoms twice during intercourse as i was scared about exposure to hiv so i took below test for hiv on  th day after sex and result was negative. hiv abs western blot. hiv  negative. hiv  negative. do i have the risk of hiv should i go for further testing
my  weeks old baby her lips are turning purple and i only breastfed?
busted head open now have  stitches. tylenol isn't helping not allowed to take anything with aspirin. what can i try? . the emergency room staff did not prescribe anything for the pain. they said take tylenol and stay away from aspirin. the tylenol is not helping. what over the counter pain reliever can i try?
my knee locked really bad where i couldnt unlock it without horrible pain or force?
i have ddd in  c-disks  are ruptured. i have ra spinal stenosis and migraine like headaches. would surgery help? . i have told that a guarantee of the pain going away is not possible. please let me know if you need more details if the info i have provided is insufficient.
i have brown pigment of sclera in left eye for one year cant use lap or mobile?
can height be increased by doing excersise after the age at which it stops increasing?
i had pains when swallowing tired when exerting with unbearable pain. on and off?
should you take a diuretic when taking chemo. my brother has lung cancer and they have prescribed a diuretic for swelling and fluid retention in his legs. should he be taking a diuretic while on chemo
 yr. old man w/ rotten/abcessed teeth ongoing pain/infection. alergic to cillian antiobo what drug kill the infection? . this man's teeth have turned black some have fallen out some he has pulled out. he has battled abscess/infection/bad breath for way too long. more than  yrs. he is allergic to all the cillian antibiotics such as amoxicillin penicillin. i know that he has to kill the infection before anything else can be done. what antibiotic would be good to consider for people. who can't do the cillians that's strong enough to fight widespread/long term abscess
itching burning swelling & overall discomfort in my vaginal area with slight discharge no smell. yeast infection? . sitting walking urinating and wiping myself is a painful experience. i only have a slight disharge (white and order less) i've experienced these symptoms about  times over the past few months but only after my period and lasted about  days. i figured it could have been due to the pads i was using? this time i am not on my period and don't expect it for another  weeks. current symptoms are much worse than before and i'm even swollen down there. i'm  and never had sex.
can you have oral sex while using conceptrol?
where is the best place to look for health insurance coverage that isn't expensive?
what should i do if i am physically unable to exercise due to a medical condition?
i had inguinal hernia surgery (laparoscopic) pain hasnt gone away?
what is osteoarthritis?
can both the male and female take metronidazole to cure trich
"i'm able to ""stop"" an ejaculation by contacting certain muscles in my pelvic cradle. i wonder if this is safe."
i am  years old with a serious acne problem and many pock marks. how can i revive my skin?
i have pcos and had unprotected sex. are there chances of me being pregnant?
no diabetic symptoms;  exceeds .  since prednisone; daily average <; metformin  mg per day won't reduce ?
i recently recovered from pneumonia. now am itchy all over with itchy bumps on back of head neck and back. related?
just finished tamiflu for influenza a but still feel sick. is this normal and am i still contagious? . i was tested and diagnosed with influenza a and had been battling a bacterial infection the week before. i just finished tamiflu and azithromycin but i still feel sick with chills aches and weakness. otherwise i am a healthy adult. what should i do now?
dentist gave me epinephrine anesthetic i started shaking twitching and moving around uncontrollably?
how do i use a metered dose inhaler?
what should i do if i get sick with the flu?
i have something broke out all over me what could this be?
if i am bleeding from the intestines already would taking omeprazole  going to stop it? . i have been taking ibprofin for  or more years due to knee and hip pain and eventually have both knees and hips replaced. the only thing that helps the pain i have due to chronic arthritis in hand and neck as well. dr. worried about taking ibprofin as long as i have and gave me. omeprazole.  to take  min. before breakfast. if i am already bleeding will that drug stop the bleeding?
what is snot?
during wintertime i use retin-a products during the night. what do i have to use in summer during nighttime?
how long does menopause last?
is the pain constant or off and on in pulmonary embolism
my -year-old mother takes paxil. she also takes namenda and pimozide. is it safe to take these drugs together?
does taking coumadin in lead to thyroid problems?
our family has had my health insurance through my husband's employer for several years. . because it existed before  our policy does not cover checkups and well-visits. will these eventually be covered even under policies existing pre-?
food if im rushing to eat seems to get stuck without a sip of water? is it a esophageal disorder?
urologist. how does one go about finding a good urologist. . i have been reading about dr's who are urologist in the areas and patient reviews. . it seems some of the men doctors have poor bed side manners and said women are more willing to listen. but downfall would be they do not have penis's. . i am sure they are fully educated. . . . . . just wondering how to search for a good urologist? . . it's not like you can just start asking friends etc?
i am taking azithromycin  mg and now i have diarrhea. can i take imodium with this?
sore nipples and im almost  weeks late for my period im  and don't think that im pregnant but is that a possibility?
after taking antibiotic for pneumonia my son is still coughing. is that normal? . he's also still on an antibiotic for an ear infection. will the additional antibiotic help with the cough or will it have to run its course?
where can i get female condoms?
i have cognitive impairment. can i get dementia as a young adult?
can i get genital warts through dry humping. we were both wearing our underclothes. . can it spread even if he had his underwear on & i had mine on as well? also touched the warts with my hand. am infected or is it possible now if i didn't wash my hands?
im  my penis is under  when erect. is this normal? help i'm scared to have sexual intercourse.
my father has heart disease and kidney problems and skin disease?
if i'm a smoker under the affordable care act will i have to pay more for health insurance?
i broke my tibia and fibula in a snow blade accident fibula seems displaced?
does exercise help cognitive function?
is oatmeal good for diabetes?
"i have high blood glucose and normal . my glucose runs around +. my  is usually . -. . i was diagnosed when i broke my leg and the hospital perscribed metformin but now my regular physicans don't care what my glucose goes to because "" is the gold standard. "". a week ago my glucose levels went to . i happened to have an appointment with my pcp two days later and she was barely concerned. i pleaded and she reluctantly placed me on  mg of glimepiride. i don't know at what glucose levels i should seek help at."
i was born in 's my doc wants to give checkup hipcshould i let her? . there a law that's said all babyboomer should be check for hip c's is that true? should i let her?
i got the explanon birth control and sex immediately after. am i protected from pregnancy? . i got the nexplanon implanted in my arm on the  or  day of my menstral cycle. i was told by my doctor that because it was the first five days of my cycle i was immediately protected. i immediately had unprotected sex about  days after implant and have been having unprotected sex with my spouse frequently up until i read the pamphlet they sent home with me that clearly states to abstain from sex for - weeks. any possible outcome of pregnancy?
my dad just had kidney failure he is acting like he isnt all there mentally. can he recover back to his normal self? . his kidney failure was caused by drugs. he has been out of the hospital for a week and seems to have episodes of dementia.
what can i say to a friend while she is having an anxiety attack? . my friend has generalized anxiety disorder and she has panic attacks pretty often. once or twice a week typically and when it's the worst daily. they get bad and it's pretty scary. i was wondering what i can do/say to her that will stop the anxiety attack or make it less bad so she doesn't have to leave class. she has a fear of throwing up that's often what causes the panic attacks even when she just has a stomachache she freaks out. she is on treatment but it can only help so much.
i was smelling a % polyester backpack to see if it needed to be washed. i got a headache can this cause brain damage? . i'm known to be a hypochondriac. can catching a few whiffs of this % polyester cause any short term long term brain damage or am i worrying about nothing?
i have postpartum depression/psychosis is this a hormonal imbalance i can cure?
do i need to go to the hospital for major depression lasting longer than  months? (see details). i've had major depression episodes before but never like this. i was on effexor and tapered (- week period) to prozac and then added remeron ( week period). i stopped taking all after my symptoms worsened after about  days. all of that was  weeks ago. i'm consistently withdrawing but i'm not (i'm pretty sure). i'm feeling crazy or like i'm dying. i have so many symptoms it doesn't make sense. depressed anxiety memory loss add/adhd nausea no sleep drained constipation sweating lost.
i lost my cephalexin prescription. can i use my tetracycline in place of the cephalexin?
what is genital herpes?
nothing works on my dry skin i itch so much i am leaving marks. what can i do?
is it ok to exercise with a cold? . i have a cold and i just started getting back into exercising. i have a lot of trouble sticking to my exercise plans but i've been doing well. now i have a cold and i skipped one day of exercise but i'm afraid to keep skipping exercise days. i usually just do the elliptical for - minutes  days a week. is it ok to work out with a cold or will i make the cold worse? i'm on about day  or  with the cold (i feel it mostly in my chest) and my colds usually last a couple of weeks.
is erythema multiforme an autoimmune disorder?
why does my son's penis hurt when he pushes on his belly button?
i have diarrhea and found lumps on rectal area?
how can you prevent loose skin during weight loss?
i am suffering from cornic bhp prostate gland size usg.  grm i am on foley tube?
can you catch sepsis if urine is splashed in your eye from someone with urosepsis
can i be pregnant while i am on the pill?
will a cold or sinus infection make you feel weak with no energy. i have a headache right on the eyebrow area on both sides and also along my cheek bones on both sides
i have dry sinuses. what otc products will be the most helpful?
my grandfather ( years old ) was the victim of a medical mistake?
how is colitis treated?
what are the risks of natural cold and flu remedies?
most of my bowel movements are hard pebbles most of the time i use a rubber glove on my hand to get the stool out why. i eat a lot of fiber and have used senocot and miralax without much relief i also have pain in my groin area that affects my walking sometimes. i have been having this problem for a few years i also have gerd and take protonics for that. what can i do?
how can i afford to buy health insurance if i am currently uninsured?
what are some ways i can cut back on my family's salt intake?
does yeast infection make the hair covered pubic area red itchy burning and feel like something's crawling around? . i went to my doctor to check why i felt itchy. (it's not all the time sometimes it stops. and then comes back. )she checked for pubic lice but didn't see any bite marks or eggs. she said she found some discharge and gave me yeast infection cream. ( i don't have burning inside of vagina and very little discharge. later at home i found something attached to the hair. do pubic lice lay red eggs?
what is a cataract?
does bartholin cyst affect other organs. my daughter has been suffering with bartholin cysts and abscesses for a long time. now she is being told that it may affect other organs such as her kidneys. is this true?
is an itchy ear a sign of my eardrum healing? . i was diagnosed with a ear infection and given amoxicillin to treat it. the nexy day my eardrum ruptured and a clear yet somewhat bloody fluid drained from my ear. my ear has been a little itchy and it gives me these twitches every once in a while. by the way i'm .
what can i use for skin toning or skin tightening that can be purchased over the counter?
what is the point of dry ice on top of my skull cap? . the doctor told me to put dry ice on top of my skull to get rid of my migraines does this actually work?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of posaconazole?
what are the new recommendations from the u. s. preventive services task force about mammogram screenings?
does osteoporosis affect children and do they need calcium supplements?
what is this thing on my toe?
hi doctor need advice. my son is  years and only yestday we were able to confirm he has adhd/add and now odd. doc has priscribed concerta . the issue is he his adamond and refusing to take the tab. saying there is no problem with my heath. we tried all tricks(with love with strick informent with rewards) but noting works. i sure one day he will realise. my question is should me give him this with out his knowledge like multivitain or painkiller and once he is in the doze for week then disclose or wait untill he realise. its very difficult time as parents.
can all types of hepatitis be spread by sexual contact?
can an infant under  months of age gat a sinus infection?
pregnancy and having a urethral stent. what are the dangers to the mother? .  years old and  pregnancy. no kidney problems in the past except for several uti's. father and mother both have kidney stones. started with a kidney infection in both kidneys hospitalized antibiotics administered and taken home with her to continue. how dangerous is this? doctor at this time cannot determine why all urine is not flowing out kidneys due to the pregnancy.
when is the best time of day to exercise outdoors if you have allergies?
do childhood vaccines cause autism?
i have had idiopathic intracranial hypertension now lose vision doctors dont know why?
could i damage my vocal cords trying to talk if i have laryngitis? . my voice is gone! it's not even hoarse just gone nada. my throat is really dry and my chest hurts from trying to get some sound out me. i'm worried.
my husband is a  diabetic and we are trying to have a baby. but i'm not getting pregnant what's wrong? . we have a  year old son. now we are trying to have another baby. i don't know if my husband can have anymore kids. how do we know if he can have more kids. his diabeties are bad.
i am a healthy  year old male with hypertension /. lab work came back clean. i live an active lifestyle. help? . i am a vegetarian i watch all sodium intake and i only shop in the produce department. my bp trends / to <negative_smiley> just sitting at my desk. i run  minutes five times a week. my gp wants to start me on meds. please some alternate suggestions? i don't want to be dependent on bp meds so early in life. oh. and i'm not overweight for my height.
had  ovarian cyst drained in may and now have  cyst/mass should i worry about more serious illness than cyst
what are the chances i have hiv after escort? . hello i am  years old. i had intercourse with an escort about  days ago. there was about  times that the condom slipped off inside her but only briefly. i didnt finish. about  hours after she left i began throwing up in the shower and started to feel sick. i thought it was due to lack of sleep in the past few days and also a slight hangover. it is  days later and i have been having what seems to be a flu. diarrhea threw up a few times body aches. what are the chances this is hiv? .
i have bursitis in one arm the other arm also hurting can it be high blood pressure?
can i be pregnant and still having periods? nipples have been sore and leaking and beast are getting bigger. i am  yrs old and close to meno pause.
are there any medications to take to prevent hair pulling/trichotillomania? . trichotillomania . hair pulling . ocd . medication
should i keep on going to the doctor for being sick and in pain if they can never find out why and send me on my way? . i have been getting sick everyother week for  months now. infections colds stomach bugs and viruses. now i have been sick for four weeks now with a viruses (i think a viruse doctors not stright forward and it always different) and my ribs on my left side are in so much pain i can't drive i can't get out of bed without help i am in pain all day long and ibuprofen only makes my breathing less painful. i dont want more anymore antibiotics. that feels like all an md can do is antibiotics.
what is the prognosis for a  year old  pound female with a borken shoulder and hip
i'm  and had a chickenpox vaccine  years ago. should i also get a shingles vaccine?
do i have to stop taking birth control to get the correct answer on a pregnancy test? . i am on and have been on birth control for almost  years now and i want to take a pregnancy test just as reassurance of not being pregnant. do i have to stop taking the pill before i take the test or can i just take it and get the true result?
what is the medical abbreviations r/o mean? . my husband was diagonosed r/o p. t. s. d. we know what p. t. s. d. stands for but what about r/o?
what causes postpartum depression?
can i produce milk or watery white substance if i am not pregnant? . it happened during sex he squeezes and sucks alot. all the time. maybe he is doing that too much? or could i be pregnant? tests have said i wasnt.
i have had a cold for .  days and tried everything what do i do.
my grandma slipped on the floor yesterday her bone in her arm and hip dislocated?
numbness burning sensation cramps in both legs no significant issues identified?
is there a link between fibromyalgia and epilipsy?
i was removed from birth control pills when i became menopausal. . now i am having some heavy periods. should i get back on birth control i am  yr. old.
can babies catch ringworm. if they can what ointments can you use on a  months old skin?
diagnosed with breast cancer will a natural remedy wellness clinic work?
whens the earliest to tell if your pregnant. i've been feeling very sick to my stomach at different times of the day and getting sleepy at weird times. also feel like have very little energy. it's been probably about three weeks since we had sex and for about a week now i've felt like this and i don't know what to do!
electrolyte replacement during extended exercise. what's the best way to replace fluids electrolytes and energy during  to  hours exercise sessions. i often take bike xc ski trips or hikes in the woods that last a while. for longer trips i always stop to eat a meal. is it best to eat small snacks along the way mixed with water? what about sports drinks that contain sugar?
cellulitis of the ear? how can i prevent this? . last march had cellulitis in the outside part of my right ear. i also had a sore that kept scabbing up in crease of ear and had pain. i would always pick the scab and it would bleed. i now the same sore in the same spot on the ear and it bleeds. should i go get it checked out? is it bad if i keep getting a sore that scabs &bleeds in the crease of my right ear? any ideas on how to prevent this or treat it at home? would have seen doc but no ins. at time was transferring ins. since job transfer
healthcare providers. when i lived in california i had kaiser permanente which i considered great compared to other health plans in california at that time. question: will kaiser permanente be offered in kentucky when healthcare reform becomes effective?
can i drink glucose during pregnancy
my wifes latest ultra sound shows  cysts in her ovary what are chances for (ivf) in vitro fertilization?
what effect can jewelry and diamonds (bling) have on teeth? i was trying to tell my student why he shouldnt get them.
what is the drug capadex used for and what are the side effects?
there are  teaspoons of sugar in a  coke but how many nutritional grams of sugar are in a teaspoon? . i'm looking for a conversion of nutritional to measurement in order to regulate my macros.
period bleeding a little have not initial bleeding yet. can not be pregnant. whats going on? <negative_smiley>. i got my period march  before it was early feb. i have had all the signs and feelings i was going to get my period soon. i am only spotting. last night i had some blood really light color though. and i figured when i woke up i would be bleeding heavy like usual. but nothing. i took my tampon out to check and only a tiny bit. % positive i cant be pregnant. any reasons. im freaking out.
ive had stomach problems and panic attacks since i was  need some relief?
i have darker face skin but my body is a lot lighter how can i get my original color back?
i had thyredectomy for papillary thyroid cancer  years ago?
should i worry that when i put ear drops or baby oil in my son's right ear that it comes out the corners of his eyes? . should i worry that when i put ear drops or baby oil in my son's right ear that it comes out the corners of his eyes?
does vinegar stop hair loss in women?
is continuing to smoke cigarettes throughout pregnancy safer than simply quitting? . my freind's girlfriend told him that her doctor informed her that it was safer for their unborn child to continue smoking through the remaining  months of pregnancy rather than having her simply quit now due to the baby going through nicotine withdrawals. . no one was there with her when this happened. it sounds like bs to me but can anyone back this up. . trying to look out for my friend's unborn child so thanks everyone in advance.
when i smoke i get a cramping feeling in my stomach or diaphragm? . it passes with time. it almost feels like a cramp.
should i be worried of miscarriage? . im five weeks pregnant im  and im extremely bloated my missed period was a week ago i started bleeding lastnight its light dark and very syrupy there also been alot of blood clumps ive been having cramps and i vomited and today i feel better but im still lighty bleedin i have autoimmune i eat a gluten free diet my mother had her period during her pregnancy should i be worried am i having a miscarriage?
do you think young employed adults know enough about the benefits of health care flexible spending accounts? . how can more awareness be raised?
had sex october  and my boyfriend came inside me my period is not due until november  th. ive gained weight
did i dislocate my shoulder while bodybuilding?
how is food allergy treated?
are dissovable threads used during the stitching of having appendicitis to split the appendix?
i had unprotected sexual for the first time and i bled afterwards how long does that usual last? . i am on birth control i do take my pills accordinly and never missed and only different times sometimes on accident. been on it for about  months. i bled afterwards and spotted for maybe two days then it stopped but then today there was a lite spotting i know they say if you spot some blood that you could be pregnant also he said he didn't cum at all the sex only lasted a few minutes but still worried that pregnancy is possible? if pregnant what symptoms would i have  days after sex
what's common range of dosage for zoloft? i have ocd anxiety and some depression.
what is hypertensive urgency related to high blood pressure?
how can proteinuria be treated? . i have been suffering from ckd- since . by maintaining my blood pressure at normal level (+/+) adhering to a strict low-protein and low-sodium diet i have managed to delay the progression of the disease to a more severe stage. since early october i started a treatment plan for my ckd using herbal nutrients and medicines prescribed by a naturopath. for eight years i had never had protein in my urine. but since about two weeks ago my urine became foamy an indication of proteinuria
is there a way to reduce my sex drive?
does mupirocin ointment treat athlete's foot?
i have severe left leg pain worse at night when i first lie down. . the pain is severe enough to wake me up every night and i can pinpoint the exact spots - left outside calf left outside knee hip where it meets the leg also outside left and inside groin. i have had mris xrays ct scans pt stretching exercises chiropractor and accupressure. it hurts all the time but worsens at night.
can a chloresterol pill and high blood pressure pill be given at the same time
what can i expect during week  of my pregnancy?
can masturbation contribute to chrincic fatigue syndrome
can poison ivy rash return same place after  months? . rash returned same places on arms after  months since had first rash. . haven't been any where near any plants no pets to come in contact with poison ivy. any one ever hear of this happening?
pregnancy symptoms missed period sickness but nipple stimulations. not sure? . my girlfriend and i had protected sex  weeks ago. it was a day after her last period. we have had sex a few more times since then. before  weeks ago it had been  months since she had sex. now her period is late and she's feeling sick. she has recently started nipple stimulations to have larger breasts. i know that stimulations can induce labor so could that combined with a lot of recent stress the sudden sexual activity and a common cold or the flu account for the missed period?
can you fail a drug test from secondnhand marijuana smoke
i have genital herpes. i am on meds. no out breaks for three years if i use condoms during sex can i spread herpes?
can an inhaler help if you have acute bronchitis
no allergy to shellfish. ct scan w/contrast-mild reaction of hives. would there be allergic reaction to shell fish now?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of phenyl-t?
"i'm  yrs old no period for  months some pregnancy symptoms no menopause symptoms. sex everyday. possibly pregnant? . some nausea throughout the day but no vomiting. lightheaded dizzy at times even a couple of nightmares about the possible father. feeling bloated at times. my significant other says i'm indeed pregnant. he ""just knows""."
late period brown spotting instead. can it be pregnancy? but i didn't have sex after my last period. i had protected sex in the end of august(on the ovulation day). i had my period in september as usual. now i'm  days late experienced light cramping yesterday similar to period cramping but instead of bleeding there was little brown spotting. today there's no spotting no cramping and no sign of blood inside. i took melatonin for a week but stopped a few days ago. i was sick for a day three weeks ago (nausea and vomiting) only lasted for one day. lately i've been a bit stressed
can vitamin  deficiency cause depression and anxiety?
what is the difference between smoking a pipe a cigar or cigarettes?
do i have a hernia? . i have a bulging mass to the right side of my groin sometimes after a workout. normally it goes away in the morning. it doesn't hurt at all. i had it for the past  years since college. female .
my mother was diagnosed with multiple myeloma now cloudy eye lens is it eye cancer?
how do i keep from waking up hungry? . i usually eat dinner between  and  at night but i'm always ravenously hungry when i wake up (between - on weekdays and - on weekends). sometimes i even wake up and struggle to get back to sleep due to hunger. i eat protein with every meal and eat several small meals a day the largest always being dinner in hopes of not waking up hungry. it's not a thyroid problem i've had that tested twice in the past  years and i'm  pounds overweight (failing to lose weight for  years now).
i have short urinary tract (yuretra) and also burning in urinary tract. what medicine is good?
ive had high blood pressure all day felt like ive had heart burn and a headache . since : am / / / / / / / <negative_smiley> <negative_smiley> <negative_smiley> pulse range - i took an asprin early this morming to see if it would help and it didnt
how can i treat adult acne?
does grapfruit help you loose weight i want to loose  pounds
what is theliklihood we are pregnant? please give opinion asap. my wife and i are both  and healthy. we are trying for a baby and have had unprotected sex  - times a day for the past week. today is day  of her cycle and she ovulated a day or two ago. what are our chances?
how can i know if my cold/flu has become bacterial? so i can take a ampicillin? . i am aware that ampicillin does nothing if my cold/flu is a virus but i have been sick for a week now and although my body isn't sore/weak anymore i still cough up alot of mucus and coughing hurts my chest a bit and i have a sore throat also runny nose with alot of mucus as well.
should blood pressure be high after exercise. i am on  mg of blood pressure meds but still get dizzy when rushing around. i vacuumed one room and carried vacuum up steps and blood pressure was / i am not over weight and used to run half marathons. very worried.
fatigue sometimes foggy memory lower back & headache pain occasional chest pain?
which toothpastes are good for a -year-old?
high blood pressure during the day when i lay down to go to sleep i have low blood pressure (<negative_smiley><positive_smiley> is this normal? . i have high bp medicated i recently started working out and i've noticed that i feel like my heart is stopping when i lay down to go to sleep. when i wake up in the morning i have a major headache. i am a little scared to go to sleep. is this normal?
missed  birth control pills on / and / because my dog ate them and had sex on / and he ejaculated inside. let me start by saying that my dog is ok. i came home and my husband had already taken him to the vet. however i am wondering what my odds are of being pregnant? i immediately started my period on / and it lasted for  days (until /) and we just had sex on / and he ejaculated inside of me. are my chances of being pregnant greatly increased?
is it possible for part-time employees to get health insurance?
why are the ovaries located inside the body and the testicles located outside the body?
i recently had std's test done would that include hiv test as well or would that be a whole seperate test?
does cat scratch disease always cause symtoms at the bite/scratch site? . my new cat bit me on the hand. there is no reaction at the bite site. however i got swollen glands in my throat and it is hard to swallow. probably not related but it made me curious as to whether cat scratch disease always causes symptoms at the bite or scratch site.
what can i do to combat cancer-related fatigue?
i have plaque psoriasis that appears on my scalp face neck and pants line. how can i keep it under control?
hit my head mri indicates white matter hyperintensities?
if i have a health problem should i stop using my medicine while i am pregnant?
what are the symptoms of hepatitis c?
how can i prevent pneumonia?
i have a stiff neck a stomach that doesnt digest and swollen eyes?
my mother is  when she stands up for a little while she wants to pass out?
hello. i play football and i always end up with a rash on my chin and forehead. anything i can do? . it first starts out red and patchy but then turns brownish greyish. it then peels about every two weeks. i have used slip on covers for my chisntrap and the results do not change. sun exposure also makes it much much darker. any ideas on medications or what i have? someone said it might be a heat rash and there is nothing i can do about it. any ideas?
i have had a uti for about  months. i'm tired and very sore all the time. should i be going to a doctor right away? . i am  years old. i have a history of high blood pressure and had gestational diabetes. i recently have lost about  pounds over the course of a year.
how long does laryngitis tpically last? . i have typical laryngitis and am wondering how long it will last? my voice went out on saturday and today is wednesday and it's not any better. .
how much water does it take to dilute urine. i am worried i might have accidentally diluted a urine sample. i consumed a a  bottle of water  hours before the test and my urine was a bright yellow when i finally took the test. it did not appear a dark yellow but it was a lighter yellow. i also took a multivitamin that morning (same time as the bottle of water) could that mess up a urine drug test?
is there any treatment for hairloss for teenagers? . i am  years and i fed up of my hair whenever i shake my hair i find so much dandruff and my hair comes out. whenever i scratch my head i find hair coming out i need a suggestion or solution for this.
do i use cpap machine when i have a cold and will it cause a sinus infection?
i have lost  in  months with no exercise and horrible diet. vomit every day. headache constantly. fatigue. weakness?
do seamen help with facial acne
i am currently  days late for my period.  negative hpts. with hormonal symptoms. could i still be pregnant? . my last cycle was //. my fiance and i are not currently using any methods of birth control. i do have some symptoms; sore and tender breasts- especially close to the nipple nausea in the morning- but i've had a similar issue in the past from stress. newer symptoms have occurred lower abdomen discomfort; almost like a sore muscle and it hurts to lay on my stomach for long periods of time. i've also had strange bouts of dizziness. could i be pregnant?
semen analysis % motility. what's are the odds we will conceive naturally? what are our other options? . my husband and i have been trying to get pregnant with no success for the past year. he recently got a semen analysis done and im not sure that i fully understand the results. . volume  ml. motility . liquification >. viscosity increased. sperm  - (). we were told everything was quite low. . what are the odds of us conceiving naturally or what would our other options be?
can allergy tests make one year old child tired? . my daughter got skin tests done yesterday for foods that she has had lots of issues with after she was very sleepy the rest of the day and now is acting very lethargic.
i was prescribed zithromax   the instructions were to take  tablets by mouth for  day i took them  hrs apart. . i was diagnosed with chlamydia and was prescribed zithromax   and the instructions were to take  tablets by mouth for one day. i took them  hours apart. will i be cured?
will a penial implant help my situation? . i have been diagnosed with ed for the past  years. i have tried pills which worked for a short time but nothing to write home about. . i was wondering if i should consider penial implants would help me and my wife happy as a more permenant solution. i have some medical issues that have attributed to my ed. i have type  diabetes high blood pressure high cholesterol depression and ckd. all of which i am being treated for. . what should i know before going foward with htis?
usually when i get nervous i have diarrhea what can i do to stop it?
is it safe to take cefdinir (antibiotic) and microgestin (birth control) together? . i recently got diagnosed with tonsillitis for the second time and was prescribed cefdinir as my antibiotic. but i am also on bcp. i know that antibiotics can reduce the efficacy of bcp but are there any other health effects i should know of?
is it safe to use over-the-counter wart treatments?
what is a migraine with aura?
at  i have nasolabial creases worse than friends  years older. what are the least invasive lowest-risk options?
what exams and tests help doctors to evaluate or test people for hyperthyroidism?
i am  have no medicare am i eligible for insurance under the ahc?
what dosage of oil of oregano should be given to a  month old baby with asthma?
i get hives before my menstural period? . i have been getting hives for  years now since i started menopause. i also get hives when my body temperature rises.
what are the side effects of ranitidine in infants?
having sex with two different guys a day apart and on my menstrual. i do know that the two guys are clean and so am i but iam worried since i didnt use protection and since ive heard that you can get so many diseases when you have your menstrual and you have sex. if i can please get some answers iam really worried. if i can end up getting a diease or even having the ability of getting pregnant.
my husband is on xanax klonopin and pristiq for anxiety and depression. he was also given vicodin. is this too much? . our family doctor prescribed vicodin for my hubby's severe back pain (multiple curvatures of the spine).
i have fibromyalgia and i have flare ups all the time?
how do heat and cold therapies ease arthritis pain?
i feel like i have a cold but i am sweating constantly with fever lung congestion headache fatigue and acid reflux. . is this just a common cold? i am  year old male.
"can an ear infection be caused by a pimple? . a week ago i had a pimple on my conch. i left it alone i didn't try to ""pop"" or agitate it i didn't even clean my ears with a q-tip. three days later it was gone but i woke up with ""crusties"" on/in my ear as if the pimple had drained during the night. less than two days later i started exhibiting signs of an ear infection (sedentary discomfort painful to touch swelling trouble hearing/chewing) and my ear is draining a yellow liquid. could this be caused by the pimple? how do i treat it?"
are there any interactions between mirtazapine desmopressin clonidine and concerta?
what is apomorphine used for parkinson's disease?
what can i do to releive the sciatic pain i have especially first thing in the morning? . i have had sciatic pain that radiates from my back into my butt down my leg and into my ankle for over a year now. i am currently taking naproxen  twice daily and  tylenol if needed during the night. i find that sitting walking and especially lying down seem to make the pain worse. i have morning when i get out of bed that the pain is intense enough that i am unable to stand. is there some type of exercise or something i can do to help? . thanks for any information you can give me.
can eczema be transmitted by blood transfusion. i have never had eczema before and i have not actually been diagnosed with it. in november and december  i underwent vascular bypass surgery in my legs due to aneurysms behind my knees. during the operations i received blood transfusions. about on month after the first operation in november the lower part of my leg (the left) began to itch and now gets scaly looking. it also it red and very itchy. i am wondering if it is possible that this condition could be the result of the transfusions
can a genital herpes outbreak on upper buttock region be treated with desoximetasone cream . %?
what is the role of exercise in the treatment of post-polio syndrome?
how is chlamydia treated?
should a person who has a stye and cares for infants and small children go to work?
can a  month old have water if they are eating baby food all day and only receives one bottle during the day? . my  / month old eats stage two foods three times a day and only gets one actual bottle during the day. i know the rule of thumb is not to introduce water until they are six months old or older but i feel as though he is not getting enough liquids to keep him hydrated. is it fine to start introducing water in small amounts? . just posting the full question here.
can smoking make my back pain worse?
my daughter has cavities in her bottom molars. she needs a root canal and a silver cap. why is this done for baby teeth?
can burning a nerve help relieve nerve pain? . a friend of mine was told burning the nerve can help relieve nerve pain.
"in   great granfather died of ""infraction of the hinges"". what does that mean? . according to the u. s. census of mortality he was ill for  days before he died. barbara"
diagnosed with pmr (polymyalgia rheumatica)  months ago and has gradually reduced his steroid dosage to zero?
i have pain that radiates to my back and down my leg to the knee. any ideas?
sore nipples not pregnant. my nipples have been sore for a month now. i'm not pregnant. what can i do to stop the pain? they are very tender to touch and when i take my bra off they hurt really bad and its not that time of the month yet.
i'm a retail pharmacist who supports the affordable care act. . what can i tell my patients both those who are currently insured and those who are uninsured about whether their out-of-pocket drug costs will increase or decrease? what about people who are concerned their companies will reduce full-time employees or their drug coverage because of rising costs?
can having had infant gerd cause complications while pregnant?
 months ago my daughter was diagnosed with mono. today we still battle the white stuff in her throat. anything we can do. after my daughter seen  doctors she was finally diagnosed with mono. she has been sick on and off for over  months now with fatigue sore throat white puss looking things on her throat headaches. she can not afford to miss any more school. we did return back to doctor  weeks ago that told her it was a mono relapse? is this common and are we doing everything we can to help her get over this virus? thank you melissa
i have the nexplenon birth control im in pain?
can tobradex opthalmic solution be used in ears?
can you have pain on both sides? i was told i have gallstones and peptic ulcers. also was vomiting blood.
when should i consult a doctor or other health care practitioner about a cold?
world famous best powerful astro/tantra mantra expert joshi.  . world famous best powerful astro/tantra mantra expert joshi. + . . specialist in vash ikaran and sifli & nuri-hajuri ilm. horoscopes astrology occult science white magic indra jal mantras occult evil spells the intentional use of negative powers to affect in horoscope divine blessings and wish-fulfillment pujas havan vash ikaran and other problems like business & money love & harmony luck & fame health
i have pain in the chest palpitations and my left hand hurts?
is goldenseal good for children. can i give small doses to my grandchildren aged -?
woke up with my upper left arm in pain?
i have lower back and abdominal pain feels similar to the period pains but in between periods?
strange thing appeared on my skin
can exercise or diet changes be helpful if you have diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis (dish)?
found thyroid nodule is cnb the correct method to determine if benign or malignant?
will alpralozam show up in your urine  min after orally taking a xanax
is surgery the only option for a smaller fibroadenoma removal? . i have recently been diagnosed with fibroadenoma and it is .  cms in size in my breast at 'clock position. i have been monitored since  with mammograms and ultrasound every  months and the size was steady until my last ultrasound which showed a .  mm increase over the previous one. i have developed some pain since then. i had an ultrasound guided biopsy and the results show it is benign. is cryoabalation advisable in my case? or surgery the only option?
can stress and anxiety cause vertigo. i took a test and my stress level was diagnosed as  percent when i get stressed or anxious i tent to dig in my ears i have been diagnosed with anxiety severe panic disorder and agoraphobia of which i am alone  to  hours a day  to  days a week. and lately i have been under an enormous amount of stress the last  to  weeks financial worries having enough food the anniversary of my moms death and last night i was forced to drive last night can all this cause vertigo?
can osteoarthritis be prevented?
strange things happen when im asleep. when im in a deep sleep i somehow manage to take a hoodie off of me that i wear at night why does this happen im sensetive to the cold and i cover up with extra blankets.
my son has recently developed droopy eyelids and occassional slurred speech. i am concerned. what may be the problem? . he is age . a psychiatrist has prescribed adderall and zoloft along with ambien over the past months. his only official diagnosis is the hyperactive type of adhd. i am very concerned about a possible drug interaction or brain tumor.
if you had shingles once can you have another breakout again?
in  i had a pilonadil cyst removed. now i'm in a wheelchair and it has comeback. do i need surgery again?
how do i exercise with osteoarthritis and patellar tendonitis in both knees and falling arches in both feet?
can taking biotin cause yeast infections? . i have been taking biotin () once a day for the last  weeks since i have been taking it i have noticed  things my urine smells extremely bad and i have been experiencing symptoms close to yeast infections burning when urinating. i notice it happens after i take the pill in the morning would it help to take it at night? . . i am taking it as a routine vitamin for hair and nails. not medically necessary
hi. recently i've had horrible diarhhea. every time i drink or eat food i have to use the bathroom. hi i'm a  year old male and i'm experiencing chronic diarrhea. it seems every single time i drink water or eat food i'm in the bathroom not even  minutes later. i've been like this for  days now with zero signs of improvement. in fact i feel like i'm getting worse. sleep is difficult due to racing thoughts concerning my condition so i just feel like garbage--nauseous weak cold and very stressed. according to the thermometer my temperature is . . i'm staying hydrated though. help <negative_smiley>
can heart attack symptons mimick carpal tunnel symptons or vice versa? . mother was diagnosed with carpal tunnel and had surgery on her non dominate hand. two weeks later she was dead from a massive heart attack. could the pain in her hand and shoulder been misdiagnosed as carpal tunnel when in reality it was a heart issue?
where should i get the insurance for my son who is going to college in another state? . my son spends  months in another state working and going to college. this state has a health exchange. mine does not. i claim his as a dependent but he has qualified for residency in another state. he is  years old.
i use a gel on my knee for my arthritis but i understand that it can cause dirrhea but how can it using it on my skin
how to get your strength back from pneumonia
i stopped taking all my medicationfeeling excited.
pumpkin pie constipates me. i basically eat pumpkin pie during thanksgiving and christmas holidays and i really like it but every year it constipates me so during those times i have to take extra combination stool softener/stimulant(docusate sodium/sennosides). i am  year old male and take prilosec for gerd. so i don't have gerd episodes otherwise my stomach feels good every day.
can stressful events (divorce death of a parent etc. ) actually age my skin?
is fresh squeeze apple juice good for asthma?
do physicians or hospitals have the right to deny care for those that have health insurance under the aca?
i started having pain and burning while urinating a week back?
what causes obsessive-compulsive disorder ocd?
my fourth toe is painful red and swollen. it has fever and is extremely painful to touch. also has small white spot. a few days ago my fourth toe became sensitive to touch red and swollen. it has fever and is extremely painful to touch at all. i've noticed like  tiny blisters around the toe. the main area that has been affecting me has a faintly white spot in the middle when i squeeze the toe. it is also hard to the touch. i thought this was athletes foot but i've never had it this bad. i can't walk without a limp either. i am a  year old male. can you give me a guess on what this is? . .
is there anything i can do to prevent scaring before abdominal surgery? . i have researched over the counter/ home remedies for post surgery. but is there anything i can do with a few weeks out?
my son is a student and doesn't have a job. . he's been on and off several medications for depression for the past  years. he has learned about a procedure called transcranial magnetic stimulation. he is hopeful this will be successful in correcting his depression. what insurance options does he have?
is herpes complex contagious if it is dormant in a person? . a grandmother who anually or biannually gets a cold sore. can she spread the herpes virus throughout the rest of the year?
i have pain in and around my shoulder including my neck and ribs right below the shoulder. what could the problem be?
ive been sick for over a year now not being able to do basic human things?
"i take junel fe . / for bc how exact is ""about the same time"" everyday? how big is that window? . i'm concerned about how long i have each day to take the pill. i'm usually up and take it at exactly  everyday but i've overslept a couple times in a week until . does this affect the reliability of the pill?"
pregnancy possiblity? . i think about  times this month i had to double up on pills (the third being december ) because i forgot the night before and had to take them in the morning. my boyfriend and i had sex december . we ran out of condoms so we only had sex for a little bit and then we stopped. he didn't finish in me. do you think i have any chance of being pregnant? the other two times i missed my pill were at least a week before this happened and the third time was two days after. i'm .
what are the symptoms of a migraine with aura?
how can i keep my lips moist? theyre too dry.
my -month-old has started rolling from back to tummy. is that a worry when she sleeps?
i recently got a implant done but during my healing / antibiotics stage – my tongue started to appear like i have oral thrush?
unexplained weight gain. i lost  lbs  years ago. although i have increased my exercise from twice-a-week zumba classes to at least five  hour workouts at the gym i have gained - pounds. my diet remains sensible: very low fat limited bread rice and seldom a potato lots of vegetables and fruit. in january of  i weighed in at . . by the end of that year i weighed in at . since october  i am weighing  to . i am a  year old woman. any ideas?
i have been in a  and  days treatment for ptb. i have this concern because every morning when i spit i always see thick white mucus or a thick yellowish mucus. i am very concerned whether my treatment was a failure. because there is one time that i had forgotten one dosage of my medicine for one day. i am having a hard time going to the hospital/health centers because i live in a far flung area. any advice if my treatment was a failure or not? i am gaining weight and already freed from restlessness in breathing. i also cough but not like coughing before as if i were dying. i'll be waiting for answers. thanks in advance.
headache worse daily throbbing gradual pain dizzy fever no meds help otc or sumatriptan  any opinions? . i have tried otc tension headache medications acetaminophen+aspirin+caffeine and ibuprofen  (  tabs) naproxen and moved on to my migraine medication i have only taken a couple of times in  years sumatriptan  tablets (repeated dose  hour later like directed) and no effect it gets worse daily and the time it starts is random i am getting  hours of sleep a night if not a  to  on some nights and have not been working so not overly exhausted. any help appreciated thanks.
finger injury. i got my thumb kicked by a three year old and my friend pulled it and it popped it hurts still i have no insurance what can i do
i have a harden penis that dosen't reduce
 yrs. old. having tenderness around my nipple when clothes rub against it; some pain in whole breast. not pregnant. post-menopausal so no periods or pregnancy. it this something to be concerned about? been going on for about  months. only happening in one breast.
ive been diagnosed with social anxiety disorder nausea vomiting diarrhea insomnia staying asleep headaches very stiff/rigid muscles
can grilling sirloin steaks kill e. coli?
if you say rice is no good because it can cause high blood sugar then what can we consume for carbohydrates that's safe? is brown rice ok? how about sweet potato? what is safe?
i want health insurance but i can't afford it. what can i do?
when i have my worst allergy symptoms i get a stiff neck and left shoulder. is this allergy-related?
i had sex and took my birth control  hours late. it was my boyfriends and mines first time having sex and we used a condom but after when he pulled out there was a white fluid around the vagina. was the semen or a female fluid? if its semen could i get pregnant from it if i'm on birth control. we did look at the condom and it wasn't broken the white fluid just seemed to be around the vagina.
what is diabetes reversal?
i got dermal fillers for my lips after accident i noticed a little ball/bump inside it?
can a period be late after taking the morning after pill? . the condom broke on tuesday and i took the morning after pill within the -hour window. i am on birth control control and we use a condom but it broke so i took it just to be safe. this is the week that i have the placebo bc pills so i get my period but it's two days late - would the morning after pill have altered this cycle by any chance or is there a possibility i'm pregnant?
does an amoxicillin allergy mean i can't take oxacillin? . even though i took penicillin throughout my childhood without problems.
frequent fetal movements at  weeks. hi all . i am experiencing frequent fetal movements these two to three days at  weeks. . it has been a lot frequent than before and baby seems to rest less than before. usually several consecutive kicks in a row and  times or more in an hour. kicks a lot during in the middle of the night and throughout the day. there was slight lower abdomen soreness/pain when this type of kicks started. can anybody suggest what might be happening to my baby? . my next ultrasound won't be until later in april.
i notice that sugars are supposed to be under  grams per day. how is that possible when milk has  grams per glass? . isn't it best to get your calcium from foods rather than supplements? how can you eat any sugar at all and still meet the guidelines when you have  cups of milk per day for your health?
how old should i be to start taking care of my skin so i don't get wrinkles?
my son age  years shows unexpected occasional shivering?
what can cause a headache fever chest pains shaking of the heart and dizziness? . i have had this headache for  days now and i finally got my fever down but i am still having shacking of my heart light headed chest pains. what should i do and should i seek medical treatment?
doctor has advised me to do mesenchymal stem cell transplant need second opinion?
i was recently diagnosed with an atypical mole (dysplastic nevi) please advise?
how can a frequent traveler get better sleep?
i believe i contracted herpes from tanning machine at gym?
high blood pressure intense colds minor chest pains and feeling light headed went to er all ok what can this be?
i have blood pressure issues family has a history of stroke and heart disease?
can you get cat scratch fever easily from a cat? or would it have to be an outdoor cat?
is it possible that i am pregnant with breast tenderness breast itching nasuea headaches. eating food not normally in my diet
what are the side effects of prostate surgery?
how to get dust mites out of hair
no period after only having one depo shot. i got the depo shot on sept  . in oct. i got a period and also in nov. i decided i didn't want to get the shot which i had to go in on the  of dec. to get it. i did have intercourse on the  of dec and it was unprotected. i was expecting a period on the  of dec and it did not come. i am afraid i may be pregnant but i keep getting negative's. i just want my period to return and i have been to two dr's that say it is a side effect of the shot but why after  months no period.
i have a really big stomach it's the biggest part of my body. i look like i am  months pregnant! . as a matter of fact people ask me if i am pregnant! i am kind of sick of it. if i go on a diet and try to lose it what happens to the leftover skin? will i lose that too? i am afraid to go on a diet because of it.
allergic reaction to food with no breathing problems? . i ate pulled pork bbq. almost immediately my throat started hurting followed by my sinuses starting to hurt. i became very lethargic sensitive to lights and sounds. everything hurt from the neck up. my throat felt swollen face looked slightly swollen. . i went to urgent care and the doctor did not think it was food related because i did not have any breathing problems. strep and flu test came back negative. i was treated with antibiotics and steroids. . could this have been a food reaction?
allergic reaction treated with benadryl epinephrine and prednisone is still persisting. serious hives and throat closi. been to the hospital twice for throat closing up and dizziness accompanying these hives. they are even in my eyes. they are treating me with the things above and i am still having new hives break out. i need to know what to do! i have no idea wht is causing this!
i have injury in right leg need surgery or is there another option?
is it normal that my period is late? almost  days now. i've never had sex so i can't be pregnant. i'm  and i'm always regular. it was ramadan recently. so i fasted. and my sleeping pattern kind of messed up. i went to sleep at  am and woke up at  pm like the whole month. but before that i've always went to sleep at like  pm. plus i ate a lot less. everyone says i've lost weight. and i don't know if i should be worried or not. i'd reaaaaaaally appreciate your help.
can low blood sugar make u halucinate
is extra virgin olive oil ok to use on dry skin on my face?
my mom is suffering a head pain in the back of her head?
what is polymerase chain reaction?
my mother underwent an aortic aneurysm repair still has catheter my aunt died of septic poisoning due to a similar event?
can you have shingles on one thigh?
i have molluscum contagiosum that spread to my boyfriend. how to prevent further spread/when is sexual contact allowed? . i only have a couple on my body that my doctor told me i can get rid of my using compound w but my boyfriend just got it and he has multiple. what treatments can be used and how can be prevent further spreading this if we continue sexual contact?
i presented with pain that started in my shoulder and then progressively worked its way down my arm?
patient have ultrasound shows enlarge liver what are drug for him. loss of appetite enlarge liver enlarge spleen
my son has mild pneumonia can he play outside?
everytime i make out with this guy i get a sore throat the next day. this guy smokes and doesn't eat healthy. he is sort of a fling and so occasionally we'll get together. we make out a lot so could there be something tranferred when we kiss that makes me have a sore throat the next day?
what is septic shock?
was diagnosed by the doctors as periproctic abscess over  oclock in ssl?
someone i know took too many tylenol. how many tylenol would you have to take to do permanent damage to vital organs?
"at the age of  is it common to ""fall apart""? . the chief medical officer in the army told me i had been born with a condition in which my sarcral joint was made of cartlage instead of bone. i herniated /. for months i have had knee pain and dismissed it as possible arthritis however recently i started having neck pain that radiates down over the left shoulder preventing me from full neck motion. after about a week the pain subsided and now i'm having knee pain again on the interior side of the right leg."
i am a  year old female who is considering going back on psychiatric medication?
what is lactose intolerance?
whats the difference between anxiety and panic attacks
a few months ago i started to noticed that my eyes was starting to get puffy?
what are the symptoms of athletes foot?
should potassium be given when taking hydrochlorothiazide  mg cp. what the affects if potassium is not taken potassium be given when taking hydrochlorothiazide .  mg cp
how does smoke affect allergies?
extreme low blood pressure after percocet following knee replacement. reversal drug felt like heart attack. explain. taken percocet before for previous knee replacement. pressure / for several hours. reversal drug / of regular dose felt like heart attack. please explain this reaction.
why don't they come up with something to put on your body or dust on the sheets that will kill bedbugs and their eggs?
is it common to have spasms with a splenic cyst and be unable to keep food down?
what can be done to avoid the consequences of hypothyroidism in pregnancy?
how do i find out if we qualify for health insurance under obamacare? . and how do i find out what doctors we would have to see the cost and exactly what is covered?
what are arbs to treat high blood pressure?
what foods would taste good to a person newly diagnosed with pancreatic cancer? thanks
"i am  and married but feel as if my sex drive is dwindling. any reasons as to why? . my sex life with my wife is just getting worse. my drive performance and stamina has been going steadily downhill and its emotionally straining on both of us. i never had any issue until i was married and now i don't have the drive and my performance/stamina is pitiful not what it used to be (short lasting sometimes loss of erection or lack of one completely). i work out at least  a week and eat fairly healthy. i am "" and weigh - (fluctuates) and i do smoke (hope to quit soon). help!"
i have been getting stomach pain that feels like a bad gnawing pain?
what if i have diabetes and need an echocardiogram?
does blowing smoke in ear help with the ache?
how does high cholesterol and fatty liver effect the body and are there any guidlines and things to help in this matter. what are long term side effects of this. and can this be a major cause of fatigue or could it be hepatitis.
"i think i may have started my period but it is a lot lighter than normal and a different color with almost no cramps. . i also think i have a uti. i have not had time to go to the drs. my ""period"" started the day after my uti and it started about a week later than last month. it is not the normal dark red(light pink/brown) it normally is and my flow is drastically lighter than normal. also on the first day of my period i usually get pretty bad cramps. this time i've barely had any. also as of today i've been feeling naseaus and i have this dull almost crampy feeling in my lower right abdomen and whole lower back."
im  yrs female my doctor just told me that my hdl is low and my vitamin d is low as well. i suffer from anxiety and im afraid this can affect my health i got a stress echo like  months ago and my heart looked good please help
i have night sweats dizziness nausea and shortness of breath?
is it normal to not see a heart beat or movement on an ultrasound around the - week mark?
is there anything i can buy over-the-counter to get rid of the ingrown hairs on my neck?
what are the differences between contact dermatitis and eczema? . i have eczema all my life. behind knees elbows neck ears etc. i had a baby in november and my hands broke out in a rash that blisters pops spreads itches burns and bleeds. i went to a dermatologist and he said it was contact dermatitis. the ointment he prescribed (tac) did not work and only made the symptoms worse. hydrocortizone does not help either like it did so well with my eczema.
took depo shot when will bleeding stop?
i have problems with platelets i need a surgery to remove the spleen?
i was taken off birth control back in may (menopausal) and it triggered sjogrens. . if i get back on bc will it help with dry mouth
i noticed reddish spots (freckle like) around my ankles they don't itch but they are creeping what are they?
i am on the pill forgot to take it  in a row had sex both days took  pill today could i be pregnant? . i am on the birth control pill and i forgot to take it  days in a row i had unprotected sex both those days and remembered today to take the pill but i only took one pill. now is it possible that i could. be pregnant?
pain in chest heart area. feels like bubbles popping or blockage. always occurs on left side. first one happened  months ago. then  days ago. had - events per day since. sudden onset of pain feels like a blockage or the sensation of air bubbles popping. i am  years old female not on any medication not pregnant. risk factors: angina at age . very high levels of cobalt (.  ug/ml) in blood  years ago from metalosis from hip prosthetic. could this be heart related?
what are the symptoms of a bad gall bladder. i have been having bad pain in my abdomen on the right side under my ribs that radiates to my lower back for about  weeks now and my doctor thinks that it could be my gall bladder i have also been battling vomiting and neusea and cold chills and the pain lasts anywhere between  minutes to  hours without pain meds. i am wondering what i should do.
severe ear ache. i woke up with terrible ear pain. the following morning after taking my shower i noticed a bloody puss in my ear. i spent saturday feeling unsteady. sunday i was in bed with a fever. tuesday i went to urgent care the doctor told me i had a hole in my ear and gave me some ear drops (with suspensions). i went to an ent friday had the wax extracted and was prescribed a different ear drop swelling so bad he couldn't see anything. i'm still not feeling well unsteady severe pain. i follow up fri
i noticed  new dark spots on my face smell musty even after a shower & i have a black stripe on two of my nails. so recently i noticed two tiny dark spots appear on my face i smell musty even after showering and i have a black stripe on two of my nails do i have a skin condition or is this normal or is there some kind of liver or skin condition i might have?
what's the link between a common cold and obesity?
what are the symptoms of hypothyroidism?
do i need to fast for a cbc blood test?
"why are there so many diseases with ""sepsis "" ""septic "" ""septicemia "" or ""blood poisoning"" in their name?"
i have symptoms of gluten allergy but tests show no allergy nor celiac disease?
i have rare sarcoid disease probable lupus suffer scalp/ears seborrhea thats out of control?
are there other viruses like the west nile virus?
kindly suggest a solution for my son's continuous fever.
i have been having breathlessness and dizziness which has been almost constant. i am extremely fatigued and have had occasional chest pains?
i have problems sleeping?
ive been experiencing constant burn sensation on my mouth. it affects my tongue lips?
my daughter is  literally everyday she either pees her pants or doesn't wipe after pooping or peeing help! . she always has an excuse as to why it has happened; we've tried everything from disciplaning to rewarding and from telling her that she will smell and no one will want to be around her and we've tried just letting her sit in it all day. nothing has worked and i'm at my wits end! . .
serve ear pain humming pressure feeling. do i need to go to the er or should i wait it out? . it started after i wore my headphones and has gotten worse since. i have tried yawning to pop my ear and a number of other things. after i got in the shower the pain has only gotten worse. it has started to give me a headache now.
could i be pregnant from a handjob? . i messed around with a guy gave him a hand job got cum on my hand wiped it off then completely spaced out and went to the bathroom. . he also dry-humped me some his boxers on and me fully dressed. we did have sex but it was painful and lasted  mins and he had a condom on. symptoms are:. nausea. mild cramps. weird period (lasted  day  time with tampons). passed out and had a seizure this morning. i've also been under a lot of stress lately. can that play a part?
i have hyperpigmentation around my mouth for ten years is this curable?
"i iook like i'm  months pregnant. when i'm not. i am '-"" and weigh  lbs but all my life was never over  lbs until  months into my pregnancy where i gained  lbs. i look ""normal"" in the sense that i do not look fat and have no cellulite or hanging skin but if i don't suck in when i'm standing i look like i'm  months pregnant i have actually had people tell me i look good for being so far along. i have tried exercising and dieting and had success and lost weight but with no change to my stomach. help"
if i was just diagnosed with high risk hpv with mild a-typical cells would it be pointless to get the gardisal shot?
what and where is the leading ent institution? . i am battling a + year chronic ear infections. i get them about every - months. my. urgent ear infection however is unlike any other- going on  weeks! i need help. i've been to two specialty in two states. no one has been able to help. i have constant pain fluid one ear dizziness exhaustion etc. i need to find someone that can help asap!
what are the benefits of coffee before a workout? . i'm a new mother trying to get off some baby fat. i often drink my coffee riding the bus but before arriving to work. my job has a new full gym that i use prior to going to work but i'm not sure if my coffee is ok before my workout; or should i drink it afterwards. please help.
i always feel tired when wake up in the morning my eyes feel like a lead?
it takes me many toilet paper wipes to get % clean after my bowel movements. why is that? . i've had this problem now for  years. i went to the doctor  years ago and had a manual rectal exam. he didn't notice anything unusual and said the best thing i can do is avoid spicy foods and dairy products. i've done that and still the same results. the best thing i've done is used a colon cleanser and it works about % of the time but the results reappear once i've stopped using the cleanser. it's very frustrating because i know i stink sometimes. bad. please help.
is it worthwhile to get a minor tummy tuck if i plan to have children?
diarrhea and stomach pain. i've been having diarrhea for  days. anything i take into my stomach will have to come out within - min but it will come out only a little at a time and have very bad stomach pain while using the bathroom. i would have to wake up - times at night to use the bathroom but only little at a time comes out. my stomach seem to hurt more if i lay down and also feeling a lot of back pain. don't have any fever but a little head ahead here and there. is this normal?
i have a hard white bump on the center on my upper eye lid?
in the new health insurance laws are any pre-existing conditions exempted?
does minocycline affect your basal body temperature? . i would like to start natural family planning (to avoid pregnancy) by taking my basal body temperature but i am wondering if taking minocycline for a month for acne will change my temperature. thanks
is clonidine in the same class as benzodiazepine?
how do i take ib pro?
what is typhus?
jock itch returns soon after  week dosage of terbinafine hcl . . i have a persistent case of jock itch. it started in the groin area and went away immediately after taking zimig( terbinafine hcl  in india) for a week as prescribed by the doc. but it returned after around  weeks. again terbinafine worked but it returned and rashes slowly spread to anus and sides. i tried natural remedies ( vinegar salt garlic etc. ) but they dont work. it returns even after  dosage. i have read complaints of sideeffects (taste loss) so im scared to continue the med.
my daughter is . her bottom jaw isn't growing fast enough and was told there were things to help it. what are they?
can you take zyrtec if you are using mucinex dm?
what is difference in diahrrea and loose stool
i have had raised bumps on my face for years now?
arthrosis of the hip joint (coxarthrosis) are my running days over?
will vingar and hot water help with itching
i am  with metastatic colon cancer to the liver. i have an hmo but no outside options. i am a federal annuitant and am thinking of getting medicare b so i will have more options. my hmo is pushing for medicare advantage however given my situation i think that i would be better served by just paying for medicare b. hmo has labs chemo scans etc. in one building which is important to me. what are your thoughts?
how i loose my waight
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of cal-g?
my son is  months old and coughs all the time and has a hard tummy?
i have fatigue from being on several medications?
is it possible to get pregnant with the possibility of pre-ejaculation dripping in and then oral sex on her right after? . we're not too sure if pre-ejaculation dripped on her vagina but even if it did i performed oral sex on her. i also urinated prior to the pre-ejaculation. along with all this she starts ovulating is a few days. is it likely that she will get pregnant?
should i see a doctor? . i got hit in the head  days ago. i was fine at first except for pain where i got hit and a headache. i went home and fell asleep immediately and didn't wake for  hours. the next morning i was nauseous had a horrible headache and got lightheaded when i would stand throughout the day and after i played my instruments. i still experience that every day. my mother is a nurse and didn't see the necessity in going to a doctor but said i probably have a concussion. should i go to see a doctor?
i left cefdinir in the bathroom (heat and moisture)? . i was in the shower and the inside of the bottle got all steamed up. is it still safe to take? it is my last pill for the prescription.
what surgery options do i have for cystic fibrosis?
how can i take the camera pill. please
i'm an alcoholic why is it so hard to stop drinking? . once you start to cope with drinking then it becomes a bigger challenge to quit.
had my period last month - this month - my fertile days were - i had unprotected sex - could i be pregnant
can i develop a tolerance to protonix within two months?
could i be pregnant? . i have irregular periods. my last menstrual cycle started on /. we have had unprotected sex every other day since /. my nest menstrual cycle isn't set to begin for at least - days. yesterday i noticed my breasts were very tender and more full. i have to eat every couple of hours or i am very nauseous. my abdomen hurts when i lie certain ways at night. is it too early for me to have pregnancy symptoms?
weird skin phenomena happeningskin changing shape and color
what are the types of permanent hair loss?
does masturbation reduce the chance of prostate cancer?
i had prostate cancer surgery  months ago. i am still having problem with incontinence. is this normal
with a clean mammogram  months ago what is the chance of breast cancer with a swollen lymph node and breast mass? . i have a family member who had a clear mammogram  months ago. she went to the doctor yesterday with some pain and they found a mass in the breasts on the mammogram in addition to a swollen lymph node in the armpit. she has had a biopsy on the mass and the lymph node but the results will be quite a few days. i am worried sick about her so as an engineer who loves numbers i would like hear statistics on this situation if someone knows them.
what if you absolutely cannot afford aca? . what are the chances of getting this repealed? or the one year extension that the gop house wants?
despite regular cardio exercise and eating healthy i can't seem to lose weight? . okay maybe i can't lose weight is misleading but i am losing muscle and gaining fat. my exercise includes running for an hour at least four times a week for over a month and eating includes eating salads eggs fruits and white meats like chicken (and none of the junk i won't even allow myself cheat days). in spite of the fact that i have lost  i don't look any thinner. in fact i've gained fat and it's becoming increasingly harder to continue keep the same running time and pace.
what is the recommended dose for vitamin ?
right side back and side pain. about three days ago i went to the doctor with uti symptoms as well as back pain fatigue and nausea. . she put me on an antibiotic but said that my wbc were normal and she didn't think there was an infection. today monday i have been on antibiotics for  days. i no longer have the uti symptoms but i still have the back pain. now i also have pain in my right side around my waist cramp-like pain in my lower abdomen. should i just tough it out until i finish the antibiotic? what should i do?
had surgery on my tail bone wont heel doctor said was good but its not?
can conjunctivitis in your eye happen from a common cold? . have had a common cold that started  days ago. woke up this morning with my eye stuck shut from discharge. is this caused by my cold or do i need to see a doctor for medication? from what i have read it sounds like this might be something that will clear up on it's own since i am pretty sure it is related to my cold.
what is a risk factor (for heart disease)?
have a stabbing pain in my right ear thought a spider crawled inside?
i have a wierd cist on my elbow and every time i touch it my neck spasms. my friends tell me im crazy am i? . not many more details i was straight forward
i have high igg levels
well i was power lifting and the bar came down wrong and my wrist popped. it hurt a whole lot for a couple days then it went away that is until i lift something even a gallon of milk. it hurts the same area as original injury. my coaches said it was a sprain yet its been three weeks and still hurts if i lift anything. my question is is there something more serious to blame? other than a sprain?
is trichomoniasis like herpes? are they the same? how are they different?
what do i do if i have a horrible stomachache body aches nausea and weakness. but have no fever?
what treatments and type of doctor should my child see to correct his feet from turning in? . he is  years old.
i have been getting really sever rib pains on both side and front and back?
i am exercising a lot lately and keeping my diet pretty healthy but for some reason i keep gaining weight. why? . i have been exercising regularly for over a year now so it's not like it's a new muscle gain and i am not eating more calories than i was before so why the sudden change?
i start feeling strange with chest tightness and shortness of breath and sometimes wheezing?
can diabetes lead to a rash? is it common for diabetics to get rashes?
for - years i have had blood in my stools?
help me! . my throat is swollen and feels like its on fire. i can't swallow anything without it feeling like i'm sticking a knife down my throat. my ears feel like their on fire and also hurt when i swallow. and when i get up i'm light headed. what is this? ! i can't sleep at night i can't eat or drink anything! i've had  ibuprofens and  all day pain killers. nothing has helped<negative_smiley>
why do my eyes sting after i cry? . i have always had issues with after having a cry fest of my eyes stinging and burning. it's very uncomfortable and i would like to know what causes it. i have drops but it doesn't always get rid of it.
what can i expect during week  of my pregnancy?
i underwent cardiac ablation for tachycardia i now have episodes of heart vibrating?
my son was on day  of  /day amoxicillian and he spiked a fever. should i be worried? . he presented with high fever and sore throat and was treated for strep. his fever broke the second day but on day  of antibiotics he spiked a fever. the ibuprofen i gave him wore off and the fever has not returned. should i return to the doctor?
everytime i make out with this guy i get a sore throat the next day. this guy smokes and doesn't eat healthy. he is sort of a fling and so occasionally we'll get together. we make out a lot so could there be something tranferred when we kiss that makes me have a sore throat the next day?
my husband has had a fever and a cough for over  now. not pneumonia (had xray  days ago) what could it be? . his fever ranges between -. he is coughing up lots of mucous but doesn't feel any sinus congestion (no runny nose). he has been on an antibiotic for  now. he says it is helping a little but it's not taking care of the fever or cough just making the mucous less green. he had a chest x-ray  ago but it didn't show pnumonia should he be x-rayed again? he is also very pale in color as well as is experiencing dizziness headache and nausea. had a cbc blood work came back normal.
missed period but negative test for pregnancy am i pregnant or is something wrong with me? . i was suppose to have my period on the first of january i am never more than a day late and i keep track of my period and ovulation schedule via a calender. i have been nausea at work. my skin has been really sensitive to touch. i have been so tired as well. i'm not under any stress but when i took the test on the  it came up negative. i used the first response pregnancy test. my husband and i had sex frequently through my ovulation window as well.
what is the best way to remove warts?
if you receive the chicken pox vaccine can you get shingles later in life?
why i am craving only for sweet food? . since i stopped contraception pills i couldn't stop eating sweet food. i gained  within  weeks. and then i decided to stop. so for  now i haven't touched any sweet chocolate fizzy drink or bakery. instead i eat dried fruits peanuts yogurts fruits porridge. i cant eat salty. even though i eat only healthy im always eating! i feel this constant sweet food craving! (i haven't lost weight even though im doing sports everyday not eating in the evenings. i've been taking chromme for ).
"is pregnancy considered a ""medical condition? """
i have been through so many tests and surgery and have gotten worse?
i feel something is stuck on the back of my throat. i've had the feeling for about  days already and its making me mad i have tried to drink hot stuff cause i thought it was a cold. also i cough mucus. i dont know if its an adams apple coming in. should i be worried. im  and male.
"hi dr. i feel a pulling sensation on my vulva/vagina. my gyn is not concerned but i am. i feel a pulling sensation on my vagina. this sensation comes and goes. i spoke to my ob/gyn who is unable to tell me what is wrong but my insurance will not cover a visit over anything yearly. i am  years old with regular periods every  to  days apart lasting - days. i am in a monogamous heterosexual relationship which began over  years ago. we have regular vaginal intercourse without condoms because we are both ""fixed"" ; me with a tubiligation and him with a vasectomy."
i cut off my finger. i cut off my finger  weeks ago and the plastic surgeon reattached it and put a pin down the center. will he freeze it prior to to removing the pin and stitches in  days? i'm terrified about the pin removal
why is my right eye bloodshot in the morning? it doesn't itch or burn. can't even tell it's irritated. for some reason my right eye only will be very bloodshot on the inside corner in the morning. it has happened three times in the past  weeks. i tried visine-a for eye allergies because i thought it was because i was allergic to my eye makeup or my cat's hair but it only helped a little bit. i took my make up off on friday and now in monday my eye is red again. it doesn't itch. i can't even tell my eye is red until i look in the mirror. this reddness does not go away during the day.
hip replaced with radiation now my bones are weak?
how long does a morning after pill stay in my system? . i took the morning after pill wednesday after the condom broke tuesday night and now it is friday and the condom broke again this morning do i need to take another morning after pill or is the one from wednesday been in my system short enough that i don't need another one?
i have rash on my leg its only got worse it itches and feels hot?
does a migraine always include pain or can you just have light sensitivity?
i woke up with double vision extreme dizzy spells aneurysm in the family?
are there any drug interactions between vicodin or other narcotic pain relievers and heart-failure medications?
no allergy to shellfish. ct scan w/contrast-mild reaction of hives. would there be allergic reaction to shell fish now?
can u lose the condom inside the vagina? . if you start out using a condom but it comes off and you can't find it could it be stuck inside the vagina?
took urine pregnancy test on the  day of missed periods. is that right?
is there any financial help for fertility treatment out there? . i am  years old and i have been trying to get pregnant for over a year. my husband and i want to have a baby. i have noticed that i have thought about having baby more and more. it is making me feel more sad for not be able to have a baby. my husband make just enough money to pay the bills and i keep think that i will never be able to give him a baby. we don't have insurance or money to pay for fertility treatment. please help me and let me know if there is any organization that help.
if i were to take xanax  mg. prescribed to me thursday night would it be out of my system by sunday evening? driver. i want to be responsible. i have had some life changes that have caused anxiety and my doctor prescribed me to take  mg of xanax for only emergencies along with well butrin. however i drive for a living and i don't want to take any chances with my livelihood. i don't want to have any in my system while working. i will not start if there is no way of avoiding this problem. thank you
ive had a severe migraine for  days that goes away temporarily when eating especially sugary foods?
my  yr. old brother has both legs below the knee to toes unusually red swollen warm painfull useless after  steps.
how do you talk to school-age children about terrorism?
what might cause nipple pain and frequent urination? i am  and not pregnant. could this be a hormonal change?
is it safe to take hydrochlorothiazide while trying to get pregnant?
if i had sex during my period and didnt use birth control can i be pregnant?
i have been suffering of imbalance exhaustion lack of focus and nervousness?
diagnosed and treated for hyospadus experiencing severe pain and difficulty urinating?
what are the therauptic levels for geodon?
i have had many tests but unless cobalt poisoning is answer cannot figure out the painful tingling in all fingers. i have been identified as my two metal on metal hip implants have leaked cobalt in my blood now just before revision surgery number one i have painful . sensitive feelings in all fingers and sometimes hand and up arms to elbows. i have had one side revised now and pending the other side later next month i still have this problem and it has just gotten to the point of nothing helps gabapentin  mg did nothing.
what should i look for during a testicular self-exam?
i was. s diagnosed three days ago with a uti yesterday i started bleeding heavy and i am due to have my period i believe im also post csection as of saturday  weeks
hemoglobin level of .  is that normal for dialysis patient?
"how long will a used condom remain elastic in an environment such as under a couch cushion? . i have found a used condom under my boyfriend's couch cushion. it's condition was elastic (non-brittle) and no discoloration noted with the exception of black specks. the semen inside was visible but dried. we have dated ""exclusively"" for  years and was not our condom. the boyfriend swears this condom was over  years old and he has not been with anyone since we got together. please advise. thank you"
how much l-lysine should be taken to shorten a herpes out break. my doc wont be in till thurs but i need something to help now i have lysine  how many can i take per day
how are bed bugs spread?
can a girl with genital herpes share their soap and leg razor with her sisters?
how do i concieve easier and a little faster? . as i mentioned on a different topic i recently got married and trying to conceive. what are your best recommendations to getting pregnant easier with out having surgery or getting poked by needles?
i exercise with a stationary bicycle. i have been chaffed in the groin area. how do i protect my groin from this?
what are the chances of becoming pregnant while using a contraceptive and no condom?
hi i am suffering from urine incontinence. i am a working lady and am worried. can you please help? . i am  and feel like it is increasing with age. as i read from an article here it is mix incontinence. i cant control when i cough or sneeze and also when i bend. kindly suggest if there is any medication for it that i can take?
as a man should i tell new partners i may have been exposed to hpv? even though i can not test to be certain? . i have been having unprotected sex with a girl who was recently told she has hpv for about two months. she went back after diagnoses and the gyno told her a bump he found may be a wart. i have never shown any symptoms or warts of any kind so do i definitely have it? am i obligated to tell new partners even though there is no hard proof i have hpv? also if i keep sleeping with her will her infection stay longer as in will we pass it back and forth?
what are causes of hair loss?
i have diabets  am i eligable for medicaid. i cant afford my meds im on out of pocket
how do i stop smoking now
i been very tried and dizzy lightheaded and gaining weight thyroglobulin antibodies says  h should i be concerned?
"i exercise and eat right very healthy. not overweight per se but need to lose abdominal fat drop about  lbs. i am  female healthy: '"" about  lbs. i exercise regularly: at least  minutes of cardio every other day with pilates-type exercises between. i eat all-natural foods about -- percent for protein fat and carbs about - cal/day. i do not look fat overall-my legs are very muscular and my arms are toned. the problem is extra weight right up front in my abdominal area so it looks like i am pregnant (i am not). very embarrassing and nothing i do seems to trim it back!"
i use the two hour after meal method to check my sugar. sunday's reading was  monday's was . is this swing a sign?
is there a difference between depo provera and depo subq provera  in terms of how quickly it works if taken midcycle? . i know that depo-provera takes a week to take effect if taken in mid-cycle however is there a difference in depo subq provera ? some article via a quick google search indicates that the subq variety may be effective immediately but i prefer some confirmation in case that source is confusing how quickly it is effective with if the injection takes place within  days of having a period/a new cycle.
losing voice and ear hurt after flu? . i had the flu for a couple days with a very high temp. i'm feeling much better but my throat is still sore and my ears hurt. i was looking at my throat in the mirror to make sure i didn't see any white and i seen two bright red stripes going down my throat behind each tonsil. should i be concerned or will this clear up on its own? i also have little voice mostly have to talk in a whisper. thank you!
i am a hiv negative man married to a hiv positive woman. we would like to have a child. please advice.
where should i store my medications so they don't lose potency before their time?
if i have alot of anger stress and emotional baggage what is the best sport i could exercise or learn to help me vent?
what is chlamydia?
my mom suffers w/diverticulitis & is afraid to eat anything lest she aggravate the symptoms would ensure be beneficial? . she is  years old and under a dr's care. however because she fears making the symptoms worse she eats very little and has become very weak. she is down about  lbs. from what she was just a few months ago (down to about  lbs. )
recently i've been getting boils in my vagina area or my inner thigh is this common
can you get health insurance coverage under the aca that starts prior to january  ?
approximately how many days does it take antibiotics to clear up chylamidia and gonorrea?
"i don't feel ""right"". is this general anxiety? . i overanalyze everything. if i say something wrong or do something that didn't even feel wrong in the moment i'll be reliving it for hours or days. and it's not just the things that happened today or a few days ago. it's stuff that happened years ago too. i feel like i'm getting worked up over nothing but i can't make it go away. i've had a phobia since i was little and i had my first major panic attack when i was . can those lead to general anxiety? could i have general anxiety?"
i have type  diabetes and have been seeing a doctor for treatment. . how is socialized medicine going to affect my prescriptions and tests that i have done at least twice a year? i also need another knee replacement possibly at the end of next year. what type of authorization from the federal insurance plans will everyone need over the age of ?
why does my sweat smell like ammonia? . sweat contains ammonia and with strenuous exercise more ammonia is produced and sweated out. in some people enough ammonia is present to give its characteristic odor to their sweat.
will my -month pregnancy size fibroid likely calcify after menopause? what are the dangers associated with that?
sometimes my vision in my left eye goes away doctors have tried everything?
if you use a deodorant suppositories before your exam could your pap test read hpv.
how to heal crohn's ulcers? . my husband has crohns. he has no pain and is mostly symptom free. he was diagnosed with crohns from a biopsy after intestinal cancer. he has had two surgeries to remove ulcers and he has deep ulcers again. the doctor wants to put him back on endocort but that was the drug he was on when he got the ulcers back after the second surgery. he has been checked for inflammation but the tests always come back well within normal limits. what can we do to heal the ulcers?
hi. i'm have been pooping blood for two days. is anyone know what is that mean?
will an inguinal hernia affect fertility? it is close to my penis and testicles sometimes painful. i'm pretty worried. i'm  year old active male. i just noticed this within the past week so it's kind of worrying me.
my wife weighs  she only eats about  calories a day and excercises. why can't she lose weight? . . my wife is   tall weighs  and is a size - in pants sizes. she only eats about  calories a day and exercises about + minutes a day burning - calories. she has been doing this for about  months and hasn't lost any weight. she has been diagnosed with ibs. she also has be test for hypothyroids and was negative. . .
can uterine fibroid be cured without surgery?
how can i treat extreem hot flashes from menopause without taking hormones or perscription medication? . hot all the time. cold weather feels good to me only usually. i start to sweat quickly in warm places or when there is no air in the room. humidity makes me red sweaty and i start to get anxiety. i sweat like no one i have ever seen. my face turns red like a lobster. i get sever migraine headaches. i get sad easily. when i start to get hot it makes me nervous because i know i am going to turn red and sweat and everyone looks at me like i am a weirdo
what is chronic viral hepatitis?
my knee will occasionally catch at which time a minor adjustment with my hand kind of unlocks the knee?
bullied for years and eventually i knew what it was like to be alone in the world. i was bullied for years and it was so bad that no one would talk to me at all. people would glare at me in the hallways and whisper lies about me so loudly that i could hear every word. i was verbally abused and people threatened to hurt me. it pains me to be forgotten or left. it brings me to tears. i think the emotional damage has caused anxiety! im brought to tears my body heats up and i shake a bit until i can calm myself down. its been  years and it still hurts.
broken condom & ejaculated i had my period in mid december. chances of pregnancy? urgent! . as the question states we had a mishap. i had my period in mid december somewhere along the  to the . we aren't trying to get pregnant all the contrary we want to avoid it because we're too young and too reckless to care for a life and be responsible parents. i want to know what the chances of me being pregnant at  years of age are. i'm terrified.
i have a tumor on my scalp?
after  miscarriages trying again i have some issues and abnormalities?
i need to take antibiotics for three weeks. how do i prevent developing a yeast infection?
is there any nonsurgical procedure to get rid of my eye bags?
what std do i have. i have a red and white blister like discoloration thats shaped like a ring around my penis do i have an std?
does having diabetes increase the risk of heart disease?
i found ring worm on my daughter. started putting medication on it. is it safe for her to go to school?
what's the difference between a salicylic acid peel a glycolic acid peel lactic acid peel and a tca peel? . does a dermatologist have to do this or can an esthetician do these kinds of peels?
i presented with pain that started in my shoulder and then progressively worked its way down my arm?
really bad hivesworried doctor made a random guess
is it safe to take more than one plan b one step pills in a  hour period? . the condom broke on me and my partner and within the hour i purchased and took the plan b one step pill. however i am still worried and am wondering if taking a second pill would be ineffective or would cause negative side effects. any insight?
how do i sort through all the different health insurance plans to find the one best for me?
how does very cold temperature storage affect the use of asmanex inhalers? is it safe to use?
how to treat a swollen toe. i drop a full can of spray starch on my toe. it is now swollen and throbbing. what can i do at home for the pain and swelling? i am able to walk but in pain.
when should i wean my baby off his binkie?
what causes a burning pain in the inside of my left knee? . caused during physical therapy where i had my full weight on my left leg
 year old male and want to stop masturbating. have gone  days before i gave in. i know it's because of puberty. i know it's normal to feel guilty and such but i just don't like to or want to anymore. i'm pretty lonely as well and don't hang out with friends because i have anxiety and have masturbated for  years
 days ago i fell into a large ditch. large bruise on inner thigh seems to be growing a little each day. should i worry
 yo female. very foul gas many other symptoms. alp  amylase  wbc . rule out pancreatic problems first? . // just got lab results this afternoon. retired senior paramedic malaise all-over pain muscle and joint pain sweaty painful and stiff neck migraines blurred and reduced vision with ha gasping and grunting during housework (bending down) but not during exercise  a week and itchy skin. pain in back. i know i will get to the bottom of this eventually it's just that i don't want to go after the wrong thing first. i want to be aggressive.
is it important to eat within a certain time period after waking up if you have diabetes?
would taking azo pills affect depo shot
when i walk for exercise my fingers tend to swell and get numb. why does this happen?
i've been taking an antidepressant for a week but hate the side effects. how long does it take to feel better?
is i am a virgin? will it hurt after not using just a dildo after  years? . i am  year old girl never had sex before. when i was  years old my aunt had a dildo that never was used. i had want to try it but i didn't know what will happen. at age  i had insert the dildo inside my vagina. i had use it couple of times. i had stop and never use it again at age . i want to know am i still a virgin? i never had sex before just use a dildo. i'm waiting until marriage. if i do have sex will i bleed a little? my vagina be real tight after  years of not using a dildo
how can we help our mom with alzheimer's who forgets that dad died six months ago and grieves each time we tell her?
is it possible to be pregnant and feel totally fine? . about a month ago i felt great but my period was late. so i took a pregnancy test which had a positive line albeit a bit fainter than the test line which confused me. turns out i was pregnant (now i know any positive line means positive. ) however unfortunately i lost the pregnancy-i don't know why. could the fact that i wasn't having any pregnancy symptoms be related to the pregnancy loss? could it be that my next pregnancy will be as easy as this one?
what will i do for health insurance if i had a stroke hbp am disabled and unemployed? . how will i get health coverage?
i've been denied coverage due to a pre-existing condition. will i be able to find affordable options under obamacare?
my husband is retired and is a veteran. he receives care through the veterans hospital. i am unemployed. we filed taxes jointly when he was working. what are the options that i have? someone told me to look into countycare.
my daughter cries after and sometimes while eating?
my  yr old has warts all over her body which her doctor said was common in kids & will go away in  mos over  yrs ago. what are these warts called and how can we get rid of them? she is digging at them and they are getting infected.
what causes gallstones?
can low blood pressure cause hallucinations?
will drinking protein shakes make my hemorrhoids worse?
can a male get genital herpes from a infected female performing hand masturbation (job) using her saliva as lubricant?
my fiance got her depo shot and the doctor didnt do a pregnancy test what could go wrong if she is pregnant?
is it possible to carry chlamydia for two years and not give it to your partner? . i have been with him for two years tested negative  and just had a baby  months ago which prior to birth they test you. negative again. partner just tested the same day i went in for birth control and his is positive he swears he didnt cheat and must have had it prior to our relationship which started two years ago and i always have tested negative probably until now. is this possible?
what increases the risk of getting influenza?
i am  and a woman and way overweight by about . . my blood pressure has been  over  and  over  just this week. are these good blood pressure readings?
"i want to have a baby last prgenancy was  years ago what do i need to do? . i""m  years old me and my husband have been trying for years no success"
my computer isn't working so i'm wondering where i should take it in? . need a fix right away? give us a call and our techs can fix your computer right over the internet. no matter where you are whether at home the office or even a coffee shop as long as you have the internet then you are able to have our technicians connect directly to you and fix just about anything. we can remove adware viruses browser hang-ups application errors. at geeks anywhere. <link>
how much water should a woman drink if she exercises four hours a day?
i have a light red sometimes purpleish rash on the shaft of my penis. i have tried using cortizone and a lamisil atf. i have had the rash for about a month it does not itch or burn. there is no discharge or anything like that it is just there and it is driving me nuts. when i first noticed it i frequently masturbated at least once a day of not more since i have slowed down to nearly at all but the rash will not go away regardless of what i try. please help
how are migraine headaches treated?
what medications and treatments are available to treat type  diabetes recently diagnosed?
i had chronic pancreatitis with a  level should i be hospitalized?
does prostate cancer cause excessive sweating? . the prostate was removed and it seems i sweat considerably more; are they related in any way? i take cholesterol medicine aspirin and vesicare.
pills nor dissolving. some medications doesn't dissolve and shows up in my mother's stool. is there any dangers crushing the pills and mixing it with something like applesauce?
my father and sister both have chicken pox can we isolate them in the same room? . my father started showing symptoms a week ago was diagnosed with chicken pox and is currently on medication today my sister ( years old) was also diagnosed with chicken pox. can we isolate them together in the same room of the house since they have the same virus or should they be separated?
how long do symptoms last with antibiotics for strep? . i have tested positive for strep and was given a higher does of antibiotics because i was already taken them for a sinus infection. my throat is still killing me. i am on day  of  mg of antibiotics. how long should the symptoms last?
can you live without your ears?
what are the risk factors for orthostatic hypotension?
what are some easy excersises to do at work? . i work in a call center. i am in desperate need for some light activity through out the day. i try to get out and walk on my breaks but is there anything i can do at my desk to not only keep me active but to keep me awake as well?
all my body is swelling my feet face breast i guess it is water retention i am in panic?
could advil pm and other over-the-counter sleep meds cause liver problems?
is it ok to take mucinex with an enlarged prostate? . i have a cold and would like to take mucinex for my cough and congestion. i have an enlarged prostate and take flomax. can i take mucinex?
why am i bleeding after taking contraceptive pill?
im  and have chest pain tightness and a high heart rate?
i am a single mother with one son. making less than $ . do i have to get insurance? are we considered a family? . . your article said a family making less than $  doesn't need to file taxes or get insurance. i only make $ .
my husband has had a fever and a cough for over  now. not pneumonia (had xray  days ago) what could it be? . his fever ranges between -. he is coughing up lots of mucous but doesn't feel any sinus congestion (no runny nose). he has been on an antibiotic for  now. he says it is helping a little but it's not taking care of the fever or cough just making the mucous less green. he had a chest x-ray  ago but it didn't show pnumonia should he be x-rayed again? he is also very pale in color as well as is experiencing dizziness headache and nausea. had a cbc blood work came back normal.
what kinds of doctors evaluate and treat infertility?
what is aerobic exercise?
my cat's claw got stuck in my upper lip and caused an infection. how can i get rid of the round pinkish scar?
can transplant be considered for someone whose kidneys have not yet failed?
is levoquin for viral bronchitis? . i just left the hospital being diagnosed with viral bronchitis. i see on levoquin is not for viral? concerned
i was choked now have difficulty swallowing soar throat and feel pressure?
i have  hyperthyroidism or graves disease multinodular goitre cancer?
i had a miscarriage  months ago but is there a way that i could be pregnant now my period is expected on thursday. i was pregnant for the first time found out in december had miscarriage january  waited the six weeks and was told to try again in this month so i'm just wondering if i'm pregnant this time had sex on march  and supposed to had ovulated on march .
i stop taking the shots on sept 
i am a hairdresser and the last  months i am experiencing painful legs constant pain?
what is globulin?
i am taking antidepressents and i want to know what otc cold meds i can take. i am on bupropion and  others that i cant remember the names right now
are there medical tests for people with depression to find out if the proper medications and the amount given are correc. if antidepresants are given to a patient by a psycologist is it appropriate to make the diagnosis and what drugs and the amount used only from a  minute questionare or are there actual medical tests that can be performed to diagnose and treat mental illness?
what are the risks in an endarterectomy for woman with stenosis at % of the right carotidis?
i'm on medicare. will obamacare help pay for prescriptions? how much do senior citizens have to pay for aca?
my -yr-old son has a very red and swollen penis painful to touch. he peed without any complaints. what can this be? . he is not circumcised
i have night sweats cant focus lack of sleep weight loss what is going on?
i really want to start having children but dont want to rely on birth control to regulate my cycle?
what are the best kinds of otc products for under-eye crow's feet and occasional puffiness?
does the extreme heat of the sterilization process cause a loss of nutrients in ready-to-use baby formula?
mom has extreme fatigue and abdominal pain. she's been to the doctor and her illness remains undiagnosed. suggestions?
ive been having progressive symptoms for almost  years now doctors dont know whats wrong?
can you have anal sex durring your  week recovery from a total hysterectomy via abdominal incision?
kindly suggest a diet plan to reduce weight and belly fat.
can a blood test determine if i have had a stroke or seizure? . i have had a few episodes the last two days and visited my family dr. who ordered some blood tests and i was wondering if these blood test could determine if i have had a stroke or seizure?
syphilis but no sex in  years
i have growth on my scalp getting bigger?
why a high-carbohydrate diet opposed to a low-carbohydrate diet is beneficial for someone wishing to lose body weight. give two reasons why a high-carbohydrate diet as opposed to a low. carbohydrate diet is beneficial for someone wishing to lose body. weight. be sure your answers are based on losing body weight not just. for the overall health of the body.
is there any contraindication in administering a helicobacter pylor urea breath test to a pregnant women?
what are the different kinds of hives?
i have a terrible upper back and shoulder pain and i feel drowsy. what to do?
can you get pregnant any time?
my heart rate often goes as high as  beats per minute when i exercise. i am in my mid-. should i worry about this? i monitor my blood saturation and it sometimes drops into the low . i have been doing this same kind of workout (squash) for  years.
can you get the flu in summer. . . . i have all of the symptoms:. body aches. headache. dry cough -- tight lungs. fever (goes down with aleve). fatigue. cold sweats. my nose is not runny -- i do not feel like i have a cold. my daughter now has the same symptoms -- does the flu go around in the summer months?
i was diagnosed with cerebral venous sinus thrombosis by mri?
can i get pregnant after unprotected anal sex during my ovulation period? my bf ejaculated inside my anus i m worried. i m very worried about this and how soon will i know. how many days it will take to find out. it was a week ago since it happened. thank you.
can people who are at risk for toxoplasmosis keep their cat?
irregular menstrual cycle after abortion. female  yrs old. my wife had abortion done in  week. after that the period dint come for  days. then dr gave a tablets for periods to arrive. but periods arrived late after  days of daily tablets. but later on the periods lasted for  days with heavy bleeding. she had to take tablets to stop the bleeding. now its  days past last menstrual cycle. prior to pregnancy the periods were v regular. what is the exact reason and what can be done to regularize it?
i have been diagnosed with trigeminal neuralgia is there medical insurance that may pay for dental implant cost? . i have medicare and blue cross and blue shield of ga. my dental insurance company won't pay a dime. the partial i have was causing most of my pain. i had the surgery in may  i'm having a hard time chewing and i really don't want or even like eating anymore. can someone please help.
i was diagnosed with a brain tumor as well as fluid on the brain losing memory?
i have history of amebiasis what foods will trigger it again?
can you get pregnant when you have ovarian cists and your tubes are twisted. ive had surgery twice in a year for ovarian cist and cists on fallopian tubes. i havent gotten my period since january but i bearlly started trying to conceve in march. can i get pregnant even if i have cists and not getting my period?
is precum more potent than regular ejaculation. when my boyfriend is erect there is a small amount of semen that seeps out periodically during foreplay. my concern is. if we have sex unprotected can this pre cum impregnate me. also is it more potent then the average ejaculation?
thinking of using accutane for my dark spots and underskin small pimples. what do you think? . i'm  years old and i'm experiencing small under skin white pimples that you can't really see if you look at my face but i can feel it when i touch my face many of them and by time it keeps growing and transforming into a pimple with white thing in it when i break it and after i break it it usually leaves a dark spot that makes my face look so bad now i have many of those dark spots plus i still have those under skin pimples they never go away is accutane a good solution for me?
aetna will not renew our health coverage next year. . what are the best options for a self-employed single income family with registered native american heritage in ca?
how can so little damage or so little of something cause mortality? . how can so little of something or so small a percentage of damage cause something as severe as mortality? for example dying from as little as % burns on your body (not from something more common sense -to me- like % or higher) or having % plaque blocking your arteries or even ingesting as little as  micrograms of mercury would kill you.
can varicose veins form a blood clot which can esentially cause a stroke? . i am a  year old female with varicose veins for approximately  years.
is it legal for doctors currently listed as accepting new patients under a medicaid managed care plan to then deny them? . the medicaid managed care plan's online provider list is up-to-date yet the doctors are refusing the care plan's new medicaid members despite being listed on the managed care plan's web portal as willingly accepting them. one receptionist even admitted new medicaid patients would not be accepted until the doctor has enough insured patients to counterbalance the reduced payment the doctor receives for treating medicaid patients. the managed care plan. is. aware this is occurring.
i fell on cement stairs  months ago and still in pain. i dont like taking drugs to mask the pain. what should i do?
what causes gallstones?
my daughter has a few red raised bumps on her. she has had them for  months now and they itch. what to do?
i am to see an allergist on tuesday. i have to stay off all antihistamines. is predisone or albutera an antihistamine. i have the flu and i am coughing and very congested. how can i get relief without taking an antihistamine?
how can hsv  igg be positive but (igm)ifa be negative. i just received my herpes test results back and it says:. hsv  igg type specific .  h. and the bottom of the page it says: hsv / ab (igm) ifa w/rfl to titer. hsv  igm screen: negative. hsv  igm screen: negative. reference range: negative. can you please explain why one is poistive and one is negative?
red spots on penis which looks like tiny pimples. i went to a dermat who recoed me some antibiotics and steriod creams. mid march after these spot had subsided i noted that my shaft was blood red but very dry so again visited dermat and he said its nothing but allergy and gave me moisturiser some steroid cream. now come mid april the red spots noted in mid feb are back again (although much lesser this time). i dnt have any other associated symptoms such as itching burning or pain during or without urination. but im worried about why it is taking so long to heal?
i had a basal cell carcinoma removed from my face. the scar has spread with some indentation. how can i minimize it?
do i have asthma? . how do i know if i have asthma without going to a doctor? i have badger care but i dont know if i should use it if its nothing.
is it safe to take ibuprofen with vicodin? or is tylenol safer?
how do i prevent and cure scoliosis?
i got sick after going to my doctor she gave me  antibiotics flustat adco cyclizine for my ears and pain tablets?
what might cause excessive bloating and pelvic pain other than constipation? . last week i woke up one morning with my belly protruding so much that i look suddenly in a  trimester of pregnancy. thinking it might be constipation i started taking fiber drinking lots of water and eating more yogurt. i'm not having any issues with hard or infrequent movements however. now the problem has progressed to include pelvic pain like bladder and hurts with sudden movements as well as moderate burning on one side like around ovary area. i'm confused and concerned.
how do i kinow if the pain in my calf is a blood clot? . i have had pain in the center of my calf for about  hours. it is not red or hot but the pain feels like a charlie horse that won't go away.
my son is  and has acne prone skin that is made worse by shaving. is there anything he can use to help illevate acne? . my son is  and has acne prone skin that is made worse by shaving. is there any treatment options or medicated shaving creams that would help illevate this problem.
can you get pregnant by giveing head
i'm  but laugh lines and forehead wrinkles are already apparent on my face. can i slow them down?
i have needle like pain in my right side abdomen and groin with some pain in back?
is it legal to climb onto your own roof? . moc roofing is a dallas area full-service residential and commercial roofing firm. servicing waxahachie midlothian dallas red oak ennis arlington grandprairie mansfield and the greater dfw area. <link>
"is there any safe way to increase my height in few inches (-) before the growth plates closed? . i am  years old male and my height is '"". my father is also that height but my younger brother() is ' "". if it is a genetic problem how my brother is taller then me? . i am doing so many exercises and i take calcium pills every other night but can't see any growing up since i started to exercise. (since few months). i really need to grow taller without taking (bad) pills and painful surgeries. please tell me how to grow up taller before it naturally stops."
 missed period in april spotted in march nothing in june. pregnacy test negative. on depo shot last year. hello . my daughter is  she has been sexually active and claims a condoms was used in the act. she didn't receive a period in april and than spotted in march. no period yet for june. she did take a test and it came back negative. she was on the depo briefly ( she only took two shots and than stopped) her last shot was last year i want to say in july . please note that she had been getting regular periods up until april when she didn't receive one.
will buying exclusively organic produce protect your child from pesticides?
it feels like my heart is racing but my pulse rate is normal and i feel out of breath. what could this be? . i do suffer from anxiety. i have taken natural supplements that promote relaxation and that usually helps with my anxiety. recently my heart has been acting this way and i've tried taking the supplements thinking its part of my anxiety but nothing changes.
i have had anxiety/depression for over  years. i've taken so many medicines. how can i find the right one for me?
can u get pregnant on the pill? . i have been taking the pill for  months now and my last peroid wasnt really a period. i bled for maybe  minutes a day for  days. could i be pregnant? i just started feeling nausea and im hungry but when i start eating i feel like i cant eat
should i get an xray? . i hit a wall my knuckel/top of my hand swelled and bruised right away. and went cold and kinda numb from my hand to my elbow. as if i had an iv started. this happened lastnight. . some swelling has gone dow. but its still very swollen ican make small movments. but it hurts.
does vagina blood kill sperm and prevents pregnancy?
if i have alot of anger stress and emotional baggage what is the best sport i could exercise or learn to help me vent?
is it ok to drink vitaminwater and take a multivitamin every day?
should i think about to start a company? . aycon inc. is a demolition company and concrete company serving all san diego. <link>
i have left side pain and urinate blood?
i cant move my leg to walk – all my body aches?
i'm  weeks pregnant is passing clumps of tissue always bad? does it always mean miscarriage? <negative_smiley>
do testosterone injections increase your psa level? . i started receiving testosterone injections about  / years ago. since that time my psa level has slowly gone up from about .  to . .
what is arthritis? what causes arthritis?
my  year old daughter has temper tantrums! . my  yr old daughter has awful tantrums that have been happening more often. they occur in the mornings before school & other times they happen in the evening. they spark from not wanting to wear a coat to not liking what we have for dinner. she cries screams kicks throws things & even swings at me. they continue for at least  minutes and at the end she always cries that her head hurts. i give her some ibuprofen and then she settles down. . this doesnt seem normal to me. any advice would help.
im  weeks pregnant. yesterday i started spotting after having sex. its lightened up alot and i think i can still feel. the baby moving but that could be hopeful thinking. i have pco and the women in my family tend to be rh negative. there are alot of factors against this baby ever having made it this far. if the bleeding stops and doesnt start again. is there a chance my baby will make it? i have no outward cramps or pain. normal growing irritations down there but nothing i havent been experiencing before this. please give it to me straight should i run to the er or am i ok?
can  herniation cause incontinence
i had a spider crawl in my ear got out but i was left with an ear infection?
i'm on  mcg of synthroid. is there other things that need to be tested besides my thyroid? just dx with hashismoto's
what causes mucus like discharge during the first trimester of pregnancy? . looks brown with a slight tinge of red.
i had sex with my husband condom and tubes tied. had two babies they said i wouldnt have. can i be preg?
can a person contract a hepatitis a b or c from masturbating with a pair of -day-old used panties. i'm a leading seller of used panties on the internet (emilysusedpanties. com). many customers worry about contracting an std from used panties. they usually masturbate with and lick them. i ship panties to customers by mail so there's at least  days between my wear and customer receipt. i know that most stds couldn't survive outside the body for that long. but what about hepatitis? i'm std free but curious. is it possible to contract hepatitis from a pair of three-day-old used panties?
how can i overcome the dryness caused by natural products?
its been  years since i had weight loss surgery. i am  ' tall can i have surgery again?
 old daughter nuesa and pucks only one time in the morning every morning. after shes pucks she if fine she goes to the bathroom fine eats like a horse and not junk food veggie fruits every thing is fine but in the morning that is when it hits her she does eat in the morning before school.
are gastroenterologist allowed to perform vaginal exams on a patient who complains about abdominal pain?
why is a dental crown needed?
had chest ct scan primary care provider thinks it is fluid or an infection can it be cancer?
can i take a non-stimulant adhd medication in addition to vyvanse?
right elbow in constante discomfort and will pop at night it's so irritated and uncomfortable it keeps me awake. why? . only time i seem to go a night without this happening is when i have my norco and for a while now that has been every night but like now i haven't taken my night dose yet and it is acting up. is there a such thing as resless elbow syndrom? i ask this because i have seen and read alot about (rls) and this is what i feel in my right elbow. the nights that i don't take or have any pain meds i'm up all night i get frustrated do to being soooo tired i start to hit the thing can't get comfortable!
my brother has been diagnosed with chemical pneumonia. can this be passed on to another person? . he is concerned that there may be a possibility that his two children might contract the disease.
on  mcg of synthroid currently. should i be taking more?
how many days a week should i exercise?
can you take tylenol and benedryl together? . i am taking tylenol for my sprained ankle and benadryl for night allergies. i get allergy shots so my allergies have recently gotten worse.
if you have a threesome and no one has chlamydia before the act can you contract the disease afterwards?
my grandson age  months penis hardly visible testicle size normal. is this cause of concern and further investigation
can eating chalk harm my baby or stop me from becoming pregnant? . i have been craving chalk for a long time. i did give into the craving and liked the taste. i have recently stopped and now i am craving it again but now i am trying to get pregnant if i am not already. please let me know if this is harmful to me let alone harmful to my child.
 years old multiple sclerosis (ms) patient for about  years is medication necessary?
how should i take a temperature for fever?
when estimating income for health insurance plans do you use gross income or adjusted gross income?
my husband has blood pressure of / what does that mean?
 week late for depo-proveramany new symptomsam i pregnant?
i have some questions. what is the difference between being sick and allergies? im sick um can you give me any tips . i think i just have a cold. and my throat hurts really bad and i keep coughing. and my nose is stuffy and like sometimes my nose gets really stuffy and i cant like breath through my nose. and i think im losing my voice too. . i been sick for like  days now. i dont know how i really got sick any tips or advice to help me get better.? . well i been taking some medicine i got from my doctor and it doesn't seem to be working. please help me i really dont like being sick <negative_smiley>
can being a cf carrier cause copd symptoms to accelerated?
what is rh sensitization during pregnancy?
can you administer oral medication rectally due to nausea?
can a shellfish allergy be genetic and is there a way to find out about allergies that could be serious?
i started having a pain in my upper right abdomen that moved to my lower right abdomen?
i'm a teenager i've never had sex and my period comes every other year. for example it started in  for  days. then it came once in  and once in . is this normal? i also have white milky discharge.
how is atherosclerosis treated?
what is implantable contraception?
are nyquill cold & flu compatible with benzonatate 
i have a itchy rash that comes and goes what could be causing this? . the rash appears in different areas of my body for an example a rash showed up on my wrist and stayed a while and went away. later the same day it appeared on my stomach and then on my thighs etc. its itchy while it is present. at one point my hands first turned red and then start to itch really bad to the point i had to wash my hands repeatedly. i work in the medical field so i wash my hands a million times a day. what could be causing this reaction?
icthy and rashes problem wid my penis and anus? . i hv rashes due to too much itching on sides ov my penis and anus and on legs inner side near to penis and testicals now tell me wt to do?
<link> vogue firming cream reviews pores and skin youngsters lotion is really as same as various other skincare items it truly is an uncomplicated -step anti-aging solution nevertheless it truly is unique inside the sense that it's quickly taking in as well as deep-nourishing skin tone option in comparison with people. moreover the two style of light. <link>
i feel numbness in my legs legs are cold or hot numbness in my left cheek can hardly move fingers?
i have injury in right leg need surgery or is there another option?
buy meds for cancer chronic pain depression and anxiety. we do supply highest quality pain anxiety and and pain relief products at all quantities and our products are affordable and very competitive in the market today. we operate on whole sale and retail basis at very moderate and affordable prices. we do supply all over the world overnight delivery. so if interested the get back to us through this email:. email: opiatesbenzos@gmail. com. skype: benzodiazepines. opiates.
i've been sick for  weeks with what the doctors say is a viral infection but i'm getting worse not better. normal? . it started with normal cold like symptoms which was ok. i made it through about two weeks of that just fine and was getting better. i was late picking up my narcolepsy medications (aderrall) and went through about  days of withdrawal which i'm sure made my immune system crash. i got my medication back but became seriously ill with what the doctors told me was a sinus infection. i concur. severe sinus pressure hacking wet cough dyspnea . . . to be continued
why do women have to pee at the gyno?
what are the symptoms of cataracts?
i'm taking prev pac for  days. can i drink alcohol while taking this medication? i drink occasionally.
can your crush a pill and take it with hot tea?
can you fail a drug test from secondnhand marijuana smoke
what wrong with high-fructose corn syrup?
is having chronic diarrhea after appendix removed normal it has been removed over  weeks ago
is it safe to fast while taking methylprednisolone? i also take advair and spiriva.
am i pregnant? . on birth control went traveling last month with the different time zone birth control pill messed up had unprotected sex with my husband. period is late getting extremely tired like falling asleep in afternoon starting to get headaches which i am never prone to. also have slight stomach cramps as if period or ovulation cramps and instead of period have a clear/white discharge. i do not have 'morning sickness' or sore breasts. wondering if it sounds like i am pregnant or am i over reacting
wearing anything synthetic causes extreme nausea faintness and beating heart?
i have heavy pain in both side of my head that causes dizziness sometimes in my back and neck?
what factors place women at high risk for heart disease?
how do dandruff shampoos get rid of dandruff? what's the difference between selenium sulphide and zinc pyrithione?
"help. i have what i can say are wart's on my fingers ""honey goo comes out of them. what do i have just warts?"
will my current insurance policy be required to follow the new health reform guidelines?
"i am hungry all the time no matter what or how much i eat. what could be causing this? . i am not on a diet although i try to eat healthy foods lots of veggies and no ""snack foods"" i get plenty of sleep at night but i still feel tired all day. my life is not highly stressful. no matter how much i eat in a meal or how often i eat i'm hungry constantly even immediately after eating."
how to treat open cut on a  year old?
could a mold allergy cause dizziness and memory loss?
pregnancy from blowjob kissing licking finger then fingering. gf and i were messing around at home. we are both . today after laying around for a bit . she gave me a short blowjob. (didn't cum possibly some pre-cum) we cuddled for about  minutes then. i kissed her. for about  minutes. i started stimulating her clit and after she was wet . i licked my finger. and went to mess with it some more. she told me to stop after like  seconds of that. i never entered the vagina. she is worried she could be pregnant. what are the chances?
what is the timetable for a dental implant?
i have exhausted my unemployment benefits and i haven't worked in the last  years. . i am  years old without any source of income. what should i do about medical insurance? how can i obtain medical insurance in texas without any type of income?
i have a small brownish colored spot under my right breast and its been there for awhile. what is it?
i was tested positive for chlamydia but steady boyfriend tested negative. r should he get treated too? . he did a urine sample test.
is having on and off blury vision a sign of type  diabetes? i know blury is but i am not sure about this. i currenty am diengnosed with metabolic syndrome and recently been batteling a bad virus but have also been experiencing some signs of type  diabetes does having a virus increase these signs of happening?
i have a smooth red rash on both sides of where testicals touch thigh. by end of day it has a stinky film. i have the same thing going on in my belly button. in addition i have small red blotches on my abdomen and chest that come and go. i have had these conditions for over a year
i am currently  weeks pregnant since i become  month pregnant my work has made my life a misery basically keep swapping and changing my job after sorting it out then told me im expected to do the same work as everybody else as pregnancy is not a disability or a illness and at this stage of my pregnancy i should not be getting tired i am really depressed and stress over work getting frequant headaches just wondering if i go to doctors and go o n sick pay will i get full pay due to stress and depression due to work?
ive been sick for over  years. i have stomach pain cramps diarrhea mild constipation mild headache mild nausea fatigued?
how do you break a fever in a toddler?
my son is unable to express himself saw orthophonist and ear nose and throat (ent otolaryngology) doctor to no avail?
i'm  years old and i have adult acne. also the skin around my nose flakes. what can i do about these two issues?
could you recommend the best skin care products for antiaging including moisturizers?
we lost our only daughter  year ago i have severe upper back pain head ache memory loss and difficultly breathing?
is she pregnant? . hi. i and my gf had sex july  its not more than  min we stop it and the one thing is i din't cum inside her and my penis is not too entered in her. she is irregular and first week of aug she got a period and its bloody. then sept second week she got a period again and she doesn't have spotting morning sickness and urinating too much. is she pregnant? sorry for my english
i have a tumor on my scalp?
hydro restore grace your skin bright. hydro restore review initial motion is to select an acne pores and skin remedy technique procedure together with the one particular you choose on must be considered one of best good quality. this serum has lactobionic acid which could guide to boost mobile turnover and it's a excellent texture that absorbs properly into dehydrated pores and skin. <link>
ringing in ears. and i have no balance
should you take your depression medications at the same time every day?
i developed blisters that have grown and its getting worse day by day?
i have pcos! can my boyfriend ejaculate inside of me? . alright. so  months ago i was diagnosed with pcos. how ever before that i had not had a period for  whole months. so now i am  months with no period on birth control and definitely not pregnant. i wanted to know can my boyfriend ejaculate inside of me once?
how can i be sure my cosmetic surgery will be safe?
i suffer from a neurological disease (cmt disease) if i get my ankle fused would i walk properly?
can hearing loss linked to coffee or other food allergies?
woke up with my upper left arm in pain?
tip of the penis is itchy pain during urination and it feels as if it is leaking but no pus. i have never discussed this before but the symptoms are happening more and more. when i wake up and pee it is painful and feels like it is burning/razor blade sensation but not intolerable. when i shake it it seems to provide relief to the tip of my penis. i have seem a little skin peel but i ejaculate a lot. the questions is whether it is a sti or something less major. after urination it leaks or drains but to sign or pus or such. all places on my genital region are clean! what would it be?
how long can a man have chlamydia without symptoms?
will antibiotics reduce the effect of oral contraceptive pills?
do all woman get implantation bleeding
i was diagnos with type  genital herpes  years ago and now thinks it has reocurred. will the sores go away on thier own. i notice two white sores on my genitals yesterday. i feel well but have had a lot of stress in my life lately. will i need to seek treatment or will they go away on their own as my initial outbreak was three years ago.
is oxycontin  the same as oxycodone  mg? i thought oxycodone was the generic form of the drug. is it?
what can i expect during week  of my pregnancy?
"i am not overweight at all but i still want to lose about  pounds. i eat healthy and exercise often. what can i do? . i am young and only '"". after coming to college i gained some weight and i would like to lose about  pounds. i do a vigorous exercise - times a week and i eat pretty healthy. how awful would it be if i took weight loss supplements and what else can i do to lose the weight?"
how long can an elderly person with % of heart function live? . extremities mostly hands getting very cold and numb slightly purplish but not all the time.
can you help me read my mri arthrogram?
what is palilalia caused by parkinson's disease?
i breastfeed my baby worried that my exposure to battery acid may be harmful to me and my baby?
we are a retired couple. i am on medicare and my wife doesn't have health insurance. her income qualifies her for medicaid but if my income is included she does not qualify. being on medicare the affordable care act doesn't affect me. shouldn't we be looking for an individual plan for her?
what are advantages/disadvatages in taking med marijuana. i have chronic daily headaches (chronic headache syndrome) ptsd anxiety/frequent anxiety attacks which lead to twitching and convulsions depression migraines convulsions and more. i have been taking zoloft for my depression and i have  different therapists/psychologists/psychotherapists which i all frequently see. i don't like taking mainstream medications because i don't like putting harmful chemicals in my body and i don't like the way they make me feel sometimes.
which cold treatment should i use with emphysema or chronic bronchitis?
develop a rash whenever i come into contact with water. shower water pool water water splashed on my chest when brushing teeth. happens regardless of the temperature of water. the rash usually only occurs on the chest area and does so in red irregular splotches with raised itchy centers. usually develops with at least five minutes of water contact and does not go away for at least an hour after contact has ended. what could this be and is there any way to take care of it? it's more annoying than anything.
can i use lidocaine hydrochloride jelly on my knee? . i have rheumatoid arthritis & degenerative joint disease. major pain and my knee pops.
what is the treatment for the common cold?
i'm  and having these pains on my left side of my chest to the side of my rib cage. doesn't hurt to breathe though. took heart burn meds still there. lots of pressure though. can really feel it when i breath in.
how is psoriatic arthritis diagnosed?
how can i prevent a cold?
can a deficiency in vitamin d cause hair loss
is genital herpes spread through bodily fluids or just skin-to-skin contact?
can i safely try more than  of generic viagra? . i'm  healthy. not overweight. no h/o hypertension or heart dz. generic viagra @  does not give an adequate erection. can i take ah higher dose. at  i have some mile facial flushing but no other se
i need to find generics to treat my asthma and high blood pressure. i have medicare advantage insurance. what can i try?
can you skip two months of no period and then have a period again and still be pregnant?
where do doctors and nurses find out about using medicines during pregnancy?
who is affected by sexual problems?
at what age should you stop having colonoscopies if you have no symptoms of bowel trouble? . my  year old mother has dementia and i hate to put her through the prep for the test even though her father died during surgery to remove part of the colon because of cancer  years ago.
i just started working out and while doing abs i have an extremely bad pain in the lower right section is this bad?
do i need to take my daughter to the doctor if she has mild signs of clostridium difficile. she has had diarrhea since she started the z-pac. its been a week and a half to two weeks since she finished it. she says the number of bowel movement she has a day has not changed its just that they are diarrhea. yesterday she started experiencing sharp stomach pains off and on. she does not have a fever.
i have mysterious contracted muscle on left side of back somewhere on rhomboid muscle?
will spraying furniture with rubbing alcohol after cleaning it kill any potential lice remaining?
sexual health? how can i increase my semen (due to much masturbation). i m starting masturbation in the age of  yr. regularly many time in a day. now i am  yr. i have following major problems:. . erectile dysfunction. . premature ejaculation. . low sperm count (after masturbation semen has comes only - drops and very slander). can i pregnant my wife in this situation? please sir help me
my son is urinating frequently but only at night. no pain with it. what could cause this?
when to see doctor pregnant. hi. when is the earliest to take home pregnancy test? should i see my doctor as soon as possible? conception was seven days ago.
what kind of medicine would the doctor give you for heart palpations
my mother is  when she stands up for a little while she wants to pass out?
is hypersomnia associated with chronic fatigue syndrome. i took  sleeping test.  at night and everything was good. i took the day time nap test and every time it was time to take a nap i feel asleep with  minutes. so the results was that i have hypersomnia. now the question is if i am diagnosed with hypersomnia is it associated with chronic fatigue syndrome. i do have depression anxiety and diabetes. i had problems staying awake and having issues of forgetting or lose concentration. i do not excersize often after retirement from the military.
i am scared that my ear drums may hurt or puncture while in flight?
small bumbs on fourskin scar. i have a few small bumps on the back of my penis. they look like they are tiny pimples and are kind of irritating. they are located on my fourskin scar when my penis is flasied they are barley visible. . i was cercized when i was a baby. this started yesterday and today i am safe and only have one sexual partner.
what bug bit feels like a needle or pen pierce in your skin? . while digging in flower beds something pierce my thumb feeling like i got stuck by a needle or pen now my thumb is sore and stiff swollen a little with a small white spots shape look like a ringworm. i didn't see any insects crawling i just felt a sting. what type of insect could it be?
my brother is dilusional and paranoid. what can i do to help him. my brother (age ) has a history of alcohol and drug abuse. he's smart but doesn't act smart. he moved from the east coast to the west coast just recently. he's disabled due to some neurological issues and is in pain most of the time. i set him up in a small apt and now he's convinced some guy threatened his life and has packed his belonging and is ready to leave. no money no gas and refuses my help. what should/can i do?
i have no fever but my skin feels hot. what does that mean? . this usally happens mid day and what happens is the core of my body gets hot. my skin is hot to the touch and i feel as though the sun is shining from the inside of my body outwards. it is very frusterating because no matter if i turn the ac on or run ice over my skin in a few minutes the same inner hot feeling comes back.
im  and trying to lose weight. i cant excercise  min before im gasping for air. how can i get a work out in?
i had a sleeve gastronomy sharp shock anytime?
could you help me in this? . so i have cold which makes me cough. i had little orange juice in my mouth and i felt like coughing from cold so i took a deep breath and coughed once. do you think that some parts of orange juice might have gone the wrong way during this? i didn't feel like choking and i didn't cough more.
how do nuts work in a heart-healthy diet?
i am pregnant with hives what can i take?
can i be pregnant from precum? . my bf & i dry were humping naked he didn't penetrate me or ejaculate but there was precum near my vagina he didn't pee or anything since the last time he ejaculated so am i pregnant?
i suspect i have an stis (sexually transmitted infection) i have flesh-colored bump on the right side of my vulva near my vagina
fruit is big part of my diet but i'm having issues with urge intontinence. what fruits won't irritate my bladder? . i recently saw a urologist for having severe issues with urge incontinence feeling like i had to go as frequently as every  minutes. he determined stress in my life was causing my muscle around my bladder to flex. i've recently been put on anxiety and stress medication which seem to be helping with that but the urge incontinence is still pretty bad a lot of the time. i've read a ton of fruits which are a huge part of my diet can cause bladder irritation. what fruits are best/safest to eat?
is shallow breathing a sympton of flu. i have had the stuffy head headache and cough for  days sometimes i feel like i am shallow breathing and sometimes i feel clammy mu symptoms started the day after a cruise to grand caymen i do feel better than i did in the beginning but i am not back to normal yet
why does my bag of arrowroot powder say it may cause breathing problems? i want to use this in home made baby powder. this is one ingredient in the making of this talc free baby powder. now i'm not so sure that i should use it! . the label says it may clog nose and throat if inhaled and cause difficulty. please advise
what causes preeclampsia and high blood pressure during pregnancy?
what illnesses often co-exist with bipolar disorder?
how often a pumice stone should be replaced?
had a stroke on the brain in  its  i cant get no more than  hours of sleep a day?
can i excercise on adderall xr ? . i have a prescription to adderall xr . is it safe to workout and excercise on the medication even after the effects have worn off? the reason i'm concerened is that my heart is working overtime because of the medication for  hours and i don't want to risk damage to my heart. i did go to the doctor last week and my heartbeat and blood pressure all read normal. i'm kind of a hypocondriac so please helpme out.
boy  mos: ext. anal area sore red; no fever;  soft bms vs /day; min diet chg. xlnt diaper chg; banana ok. others? . appetite normal; no other sign of illness. onset  days ago; condition now worse; he wakes up and/or screams when he has a bm. diet now includes toast rice mild cheese milk noodles potato egg milk cooked spinach/kale creamed asparagus cooked carrots mushrooms and fresh fruit (banana kiwi pineapple). know and use brat but not enough variety. added-sugar/added-salt products not used.
what is the best way to condition my skin before a cosmetic procedure?
does medicare cover pacemaker replacements?
for  months now i have had severe nausea. cant hold anything down?
can you use rubbing alcohol to dry up poison oak?
uti or std? . had unprotected sex with a girl. during sex she told me she had a uti after the sex i experienced burning while peeing. i waited about a week to see if it would go away it didn't so i bought some uti medication at walmart finished the course of that and the burning went away but now have a short bladder? i want to avoid going to the doctor at all possible. do i need to get another regiment of the medication going? this all occurred over a course of a month or so. i'm a male.
can a yeast infection cause a bright redness from groin past rectum? . i have a bright red rash under my breasts also very itchy. some creams must burn me as i then peel skin off. i am assuming the groin and breast rash is the same.
my mom is  and has frequent headaches nausea dizziness and a constant dull pain in the back of her neck. what is it? . she is diabetic (type ) - takes medicine. has high blood pressure which she takes medicine for. she just went to the dr. and she said there was nothing wrong with her. she has had a constant headache for a week now along with the other symptoms.
i have been using minoxidil lotion on my scalp prescribed by a hair loss clinic im now very worried that im going to have a heart attack?
i am experiencing a skin rash especially below my eyebrows and near my eye?
how will i feel after menopause?
what are pelvic floor exercises?
dido not properly cleaned after anal use. can i still use it if i clean it? . i used a dido anally a few weeks back and i checked it today. it's a dildo with a syringe for squirting so it has a hole through it. it's made of silicone. when i checked it today there was something inside the hole for squirting that i can only assume was fecal matter. i want to avoid infections at all costs so is this toy safe to use if i clean it properly? should it now be used with a condom only andhow can i clean it to make it safe again? i have not used it again since i found this.
i fractured my spine now have vision problems?
drug allergy-my husband was taking anitbiotics prescribed by a dentist for a n infection in a tooth. see more below. two days after finishing the prescription he developed hives and nausea. he did take benedryl for the hives on an empty stomach and the nausea came on after that. so i guess that could cause stomach upset but still dont know what caused the hives.
im concerned about my elevated blood pressure?
can penicillin cure a sinus infection? . yesterday i was diagnosed with strep and put on penicillin. however i am still struggling with congestion and a bad cough which i think may be sinus related. do i need to go back to the doctor for another medication?
i hurt my neck  years ago is aps therapy good?
my right leg gets numb (asleep)after  minutes of standing need second opinion?
in severe pain in my lower back and legs had mri what does it mean what should i do?
cancer back in  are laboratory results worrisome?
how can i manage having difficulty sleeping during pregnancy?
what should i know about getting pregnant after a cone biopsy?
what can happen if you hold your pee? . i have a bad habit of holding the urge to urinate for long periods of time. need to know what kind of problems this could have on my body.
is it true that premature ovarian failure or pof can reverse back to normal?
we are currently on medicaid due to my income. do i have to take my employer sponsored plan or can we stay on medicaid?
my daughter developed a rash on legs may have been bug bites?
how long do i have to stay on nortriptyline for migraine prevention?
can herpes turn into hiv if not treated properly. i have herpes and im afraid there turning into something else
my grandkids have not had chickenpox or the vaccine i have just started to blister should i stay away from them?
hospitalized with double pneumonia in . told to get vaccine every  years for rest of life. good advice? . i'm  in good overall health and take care of a disabled parent. thanks!
is eligibility for premium subsidies for health insurance for  based on  income estimates or  estimates?
what's my risk of exposure from protected insertive anal in which the condom broke and receptive unprotected fellatio? . when i noticed the condom was broken i stopped immediately though i am unsure of how long it had been broken- minutes? seconds? how worried should i be about hiv? should i get tested and how long should i wait ( months? ). my partner showed his negative results to me and he mentioned the test occurred this past month but i know that any sexual encounters within  months of the test date might not show up on the results and i don't know his exact level of sexual activity since testing.
we are in the jungles of equatorial new guinea and developed open sores and swollen legs?
what are the symptoms of toxoplasmosis during pregnancy?
"can a girl get pregnant from a lap dance with a guy who fully ejaculated under boxers and pants and she has a thong on? . she bounced around on my lap facing me and i fully ejaculated. i was wearing boxers pants (zipper closed) and a belt. she wore a thong. my pants soaked up pretty good about -"" left of my zipper. i think she realized i had wet my pants about half a minute later and she stopped. i cant tell for sure how much of the wet pants touched her or where. probably the back/inside of her leg -"" away from her lady parts/thong. what is the risk she got pregnant? are there any documented cases of this?"
chronic back pain at  what to do? . ive had back pain for awhile now. usually between my shoulder blades and sometimes in my lower back and neck. i'm a digital artist so im sitting in front of a computer most of the day and once i get into my work plus with my horrible posture ill be slouching for hours without noticing and by the end of the day my back is killing me. its gotten to the point where i cant stand longer then an hour without burning pressure in my spine.
what can i do about fatigue that results from radiation therapy?
ive been living with candida yeast infection for about  years now. i didnt know till like a year ago what candida was?
if you have a short cervix and your ob has restricted intercourse can you still stimulate without penetration safely?
i am full time college student want to lose some weight been having anxiety attacks. is it still okay to exercise? . when i told my parents about it my mom asked me if i am getting enough air through my ribs. i did not know. . . the best discriptions to descripe what i was feeling is that it felt like my ribs are crushing in me. . . i am way over weight and want to have a better lifestyle and start exercising. . i am wondering if it would be okay to exercise consider my past with anxiety attacks. . . my record of anxiety attacks counts as  or  from august to december
i have a herniated disk in my neck i would like to work my abs are there any excercises i can do that wont hurt my neck
i have had loose and watery stools for  weeks now all day and night. my diet hasn't changed what can cause this?
i have been diagnosed with three kidney stone?
"should a diabetic avoid watermelon pineapple and raisins or is this sugar different because it's ""natural"" sugar?"
when is my period due? when can do i take a pregnancy test? . i am regular. i had my last period on may  (the date i started). on may / an 'incident' occured that led me to be worried i could be pregnant. i'd like to point out that i did not have sex but contact between sperm his hand and my vagina worried me. . my dr said it was unlikely but gave me the morning after pill just incase. i took the morning after pill under  hours since it happened. she also prescribed me the pill which i began the very next day (). help! . thank you
how do i gain weight and what kind of doctor do i need to see?
underwent turp  months ago. now have multi drug resistant pseudomonas uti
can sulfameth/trimethoprim treat chlamydia. what dosage should be taken?
should i go see a doctor if im pregnant and having lower belly pressure and lower back pain and im nasuea
is it safe to cook with vitamin e oil? the bottle i have says it is safe to consume.
are there any warnings for the drug motrin ib?
why do generic drugs make me cough? . i take meds for a thyroid condition and blood pressure meds. i have tried several different generics. the all have caused a constant cough. insurance c won't cover the brand names. i am paying more than $.  per month for my meds.
my father is diabetic what type of additional nutritional supplements can he take?
is it ok to use vaseline as a vaginal lubricant?
what is spotting? i am about to get my periods but i see white discharge and discomfort in lower abdomen. what is spotting? i am about to get my periods but i see white discharge and discomfort in lower abdomen. is the white discharge called spotting? i dont feel any symptoms of pregnancy as most people feel and discuss online. but my period was suppose to start on / which has not and i feel discomfort in lower abdomen.
how long does a rash last. had a rash all around my mouth for  weeks ( just like a go-tee) and nothing is helping hydroclorasone eucerine etc. now it's under one eye and eyelid. the doctor told me it was a rash . it doesn't really itch but it gets quite red and lightens up from time to time. another doc said infection bacteria or fungal. tried anti baceria and fungal cremes to no avail. heeeeeeeeelp!
can gallstones cause burning in throat. diagnosed with possible gallstones ate peanut butter to raise blood sugar and instantly got pains in right flank felt nauseas and my throat started burning. should i see a general surgeon
i have pregnancy symptoms including no period. i'm  days late. hpt have been negative. what is going on with me? . symptoms that i have include an upset stomach nausea being very tired tender breasts weird dreams and being sensitive to smells. i have been off of birth control since december. started my period right after i stopped taking it and had a normal  day cycle in january.
found thyroid nodule is cnb the correct method to determine if benign or malignant?
will the health insurance industry ever include practitioners of naturopathic medicine? . i don't take a drug to get sick so i would prefer to avoid taking drugs to get well.
" year old child weighing  lbs. '""  triple wide feet size  fingers hungry all the time. even though hungry all the time also has times when can't eat and is nauseous. has depression issues sometimes no period huge stretch marks achy joints very little energy and yet often bounces off walls? only turned  two weeks ago. has had this weight-gaining issue since around . depression issues have caused self-harm. we need to find out what is wrong. am thinking thyroid pituitary tumor cushings?"
can you get pregnant while on the pill?
will i need to take supplements for life if they help me manage my fibromyalgia?
what should i know about osteoporosis?
is dental insurance covered in the health plans established with the affordable care act?
what are the symptoms of obsessive-compulsive disorder ocd?
i suffer scalp dandruff like fungal infection . thrown out of the clinic
what antibotic is used for imflamed protitis. the inflamed lining is not healing just being irritated every time i use the bathroom. i've been using lialda  tablets a day and a mesalamine rectal suspension enema / not everyday but every  days. still no relief. i was sick on my stomach yesterday and this morning still bleeding when i have small bowel movements. this is my first time since having protitis every experiencing this. was dx with uc  it went to just protitis in  have never had any problems until now
i been very tried and dizzy lightheaded and gaining weight thyroglobulin antibodies says  h should i be concerned?
what happens to someone when they get type  diabetes recently diagnosed?
my husband woke up with pain all over pain intensity  on a scale of -
how long is a cold contagious?
i take allegra-d sometimes use allergy eye drops and rhinocort. recently i added sudafed. is ok to combine these drugs?
can bacterial vaginosis cause a painful rash with blisters? . i developed a rash last week starting with extreme itching then turning to clear blisters then postules. it was very painful and i have been married for ten years and only had one other marriage before him so i am by no means promiscuos. i went to carenow when i couldnt get in with my dr and they said i had herpes and tested me for it but gave me valtrex. turns out the test is negative. blood culture of the blisters everything is negative. mydr said its bv but that doesnt cause blistersdoes it
i sleep better on a camping air matterres than my firm matteress which matteress should i choose as they keep busting. i put the materess on top of the bed and have a lovely nights sleep but when the matterress gets a puncture i have to try and sleep on the original matterress which is like sleeping on the floor could you recomend a matteress to suit please i am over weight
why does the my food not taste as good as it used to? . i'm a bit underweight and have i've been trying to gain weight. i used to love food and ate like a horse but never gained a pound. over the past few years my appetite has dwindled down to nearly nothing. i don't get hunger pangs instead i get nauseous when i forget to eat for too long. . recently my appetite has taken a worse turn - when i eat the food does not appeal or satisfy. it tastes okay but not enjoying meals makes trying to eat even harder.
why do i keep getting a lot of negative thoughts about my health?
i have had acid burning stomach pain for the past ten years i had a magic eye back then and revealed nothing apart from inflammation. been on many types of medication but dosent work everything i eat feels uncomfortable and i get a pain down my left arm. it woories me and i cant live with this any more im  years old. please can you help.
can pain cause a fever. /o male croniccopd gerds cronic pancreatitis arthritis bursitis on a long acting opiot pain reliever. drove  miles to see dr. got home and had  fever.
i broke my left clavicle in a mountain biking accident about  years ago?
i had a partical hysterectomy in my 's. im  now. could i be in perimenopause? . i have noticed in the past few months i am finding it harder to concentrate i have not much desire to participate in anything. i'm so tired but not sleepy. having some periods of crying for no reason. i get frustrated easily and have less patience for silly things. i get angry easily and hold on to it. i don't like the way i feel which makes me even more upset. omg what the heck?
is a stool test necessary to be done before having a colonoscopy done
what is vegetable cellulose capsule?
for the last month i have had pain on both sides of my ribs on the back side?
will i fail my hair drug test because of my perscription medication? . i took lortab for over a year. i do not abuse my perscriptions but a few months ago the dr put me on percocet. recently i went back to dr and got norco. sometimes i take more than my perscribed dosage will they detect that in my hair drug test and fail me?
can lack of oxygen cause hives? . my husband has been dealing with hives daily for about  myths. he recently had a mi with % blockage of his right coronary artery & stent placed. i noticed while he was on supplemental  he did not experience hives at all.
i am  months pregnant and just noticed a white pipmple on my breast what should i do?
how does atherosclerosis damage the cardiovascular system?
what is hypothyroidism?
how long after getting stitches should it stop having blood appear on the bandaid?
diagnosed with ulcerative colitis developed an swelling/growth around the vagina?
i am  years old single and a bartender. i make $.  an hour plus tips and work about - hours per week. my work doesn't offer any sort of health care. my gross year to date is $ . . i don't know much about the aca plans and need some advice. what do i do next?
<link> vita luminance review though genetic makeup performs an essential functionality inside growing old characteristics plus the endurance of an man or woman it's the standard of living of these individual which usually eventually ends up staying quite consider the end. . <link>
"why can't i lose weight? . i am a  year old female and in the ""overweight"" category for my bmi. i have been working with a trainer and on a strict nutrition plan since june. now four months later i have yet to lose  lb! my trainer and i are perplexed! i am so frustrated! my gp thought it would be a good idea to check my thyroid electrolytes and cholesterol and everything came back totally normal. why can't i lose weight? is there something else that could be wrong with me?"
what is a receptor as it relates to parkinson's disease?
an unusual grown has appeared near my anus. it hurts when i sit. i felt it and it's soft (kind shaped like a clitoris). it mysterously appeared one morning and has been here for  days now. i dont tnow what to do about it. please help!
a girl kised me before i was able to notice the small cold sore on her lip. can i catch hsv from one kiss? . we had oral/vaginal sex(with condom)on tuesday and there was no visible breakout when i saw her again on saturday she had lip cold sore
really irregular period lasting  first was light and past days has been brownish. why would it last so long? never has before. also its very light usually heavy period or just light on the last day. no change in routine tho am sexually active he pulls out is there a chance i could be pregnant? also my period came early and these last couple of days has been more like spotting any suggestions? no insurance right now so any advice would help. should i wait it out or buy a pg test?
what are the chances of pregnancy when removing the implanon? . what are the chances of pregnancy when removing the implanon? ive had it for  months with  months of non stop bleeding so i decided to get it removed. me and my boyfriend want to have our first child. i don't know when the bleeding will end because ive been bleeding since february. now that its been removed im still waiting for the bleeding to end. is there a chance that i can become pregnant while still bleeding? or is it hard to tell since the bleeding was non stop for a long time?
is it safe to have an overian cyst while pregnant?
i have a small cluster of white/yellow bumbs on the base of my penis. what could this be. i have as mall area at the base of my penis where my or is and pubic area are. the bumbs came in almost clear with some type of liquid inside and now have turned a slight yellow color any ideas as to what this might be again they are not on the shaft or anywhere else just on the pubic area almost making contact with the shaft.
pimple like bump under my right breastis it mrsa
how is fatigue an early sign of pregnancy?
took penicillin antibiotic about month ago for sinus infect. found out allergic. have felt terrible since. any sugg? . i took  pills before i realized it was the penicillin. had never been allergic to it before. thought i had a virus with the infection so i kept taking it. the vomiting was uncontrollable and severe. i just can't seem to get over feeling so bad. could it still be in my system?
when to eat after insulin injection? also how much to eat after your insulin injection?
i'm  and struggling with maintaining an erection. could alcohol and smoking cause that?
i am having a hard time swallowing it looked like there was a hole in one of my tonsils like an actual hole. but i also have a sinus infection.
my daughter has genital herpes and they are painful. how can she treat the pain? . she has the sores and when she urinates it is painful and when she sits or lays on her stomach. and she also states that her underwear sticks to the sores and it is like pealing off tape. she was also diagnosed with pid and chlamydia on top of the herpes. i really don't like seeing her in pain. i feel helpless at this point. she is under doctor treatment. please advise me.
large red bump leaking puss on the back of the head. my boyfriend has a large bump/growth/bubble on the back of his head near his neck that has been there for almost  years. when it first appeared he saw a doctor who told him to ignore it if it doesn't bother him. recently it has started to hurt with pain increasing as the time goes by. it has become red and come to a head almost like a pimple and is now leaking a whitish fluid kind of like puss.
is it healthy to consume caster oil for cleanising the stomach
what kind of doctor should be seen who specializes in neropythy. severe pain in neck legs and balance problems as well. i am  and in good health otherwise.
does talpia have much nutritional value? i've heard only cold water fish have a lot of omega  but is it true?
what are the odds of getting an std by receiving oral sex from a girl if it lasted less than  seconds
i got water in my ear and i have a ruptured ear drum will this effect the healing of my ear?
what can i take for allergic conjunctivitis?
what is the treatment for arthritis?
is there a cure for psoriatic arthritis?
vape ranks. my dad smoking from his  years old. and few days ago i bought some. e cigarette. for him but it seems that he is not like it very much anyone know vape ranks? many thanks
can i take mucinex when i'm also taking lexapro?
my cousin has severe anemia fever- doctors cant do anything for him?
can i have small amounts of caffeine if i'm taking omniprazole dr. i have been diagnosed with gastritis a hiatal hernia and am wondering if i can have a small amount of caffeine a day or should quit all together. i am currently on  of omeprozale dr.
is chlamydia of the rectum harder to cure? . after almost a week after treatment i still have proctitus. if it doesn't get after another week should i get retreated?
my blood pressure is / should i be going to the emergency room. there are no other symptoms. my blood pressure is / but i am not having any symptoms. should i be going to the emergency room.
what is safe to take for fever if you have cirrhosis. my husband is in stage  and has a fever what is safe for him to take?
i expelled my paragard iud age  / years of happy use. age  never pregnant. am i likely to expel a second one? . since most expulsions happen in the first month or so i'm wondering if this is some fluke. i really need long term reliable birth control and am very concerned about hormones.
i've been trying to check out my eligibility and compare rates for the health insurance marketplace plans. however the website has been down. the insurance companies are offering some lower rate plans with the same sort of coverage but there are so many options and variables that it's extremely confusing. i can't even find out if i'm actually eligible for the marketplace plans until a rep calls me back to give me the information that the website can't because it's broken! do you recommend calling an insurance agent to try to help sort this mess out? will an agent be able to help us with the marketplace plans?
is sulpher in doxycycline or prednisone? . prednisone  mg doxycycline hyclate  mg. my husband took these meds they are finished now but he is haveing an alergic reaction to one of these meds reaction is a rash top of rt shoulder and both arms. what should he do?
what treatment options are available for varicose veins?
what are some healthy ways to help me manage my stress levels?
is it possible for strep throat to develop while you have whooping cough? . i had a very persistent dry cough for almost a month. i though i was starting to feel just slightly better when my throat swelled up and white patches appeared on my tonsils. it took about  hours to develop completely. it is extremely painful. the cough is also still apparent. i will go hours without coughing and all of a sudden have a coughing fit where it is hard to catch my breath.
will prenatal vitamins help my hair grow faster?
hiv test is non reactive is further testing required?
can you re-catch chlamydia from unwashed clothing? . specifically i am at university and before summer term ended i caught chlamydia (i only found this out mid-summer) and i left some clothing behind such as unwashed pyjama bottoms. i've returned after having been treated and testing clean and without thinking i wore the bottoms. i feel like i've had persistent symptoms which i can't seem to shake and don't seem to be thrush could i have caught chlamydia back from the clothing/towels even if it's been over  months since they were worn?
besides encouraging fitness and nutrition how else can i help my child lose weight?
i have a rash on my upper inner thigh could be sti and spreading?
i would just like to know how old you have to be before you can get your tubes tied? i keep getting different answers. i get different answers and i would just like to know from an expert if i can get this done i am almost thirty and i have one child and pregnant with another i want this procedure because my husband will not wear protection and i dont want anymore children.
i am having chest pains shortness of breath hypertension fatigue and nose bleeds. what should i do?
can  hand marajuana smoke impact a baby's behavior? . usual behavior is active smiling babbling very few actual words. from ~: pm while at grandma's was totally sober totally silent no crying did not indicate hunger or thirst. managed to get one very small smile when oldest sister picked her up. around : the next day returned to normal with babbling smiling etc. dad is a marajuana smoker smokes in the house and cares for baby every weekday.
lost  lbs coccyx broken unable to move
i am a mma fighter with oa of the knee what can i do to reduce the pain in my knee while training. i feel sharp pain in my right knee constantly and i love the sport i am in but find it increasingly painful every time i train. there is a lot of movement and twisting of the knee experienced during this type of activity. really need some answers so i can continue in this sport.
i have had stomach problems for  years abdominal pain and constipation and rectal bleeding has been more frequent?
"can a man lactate. i have gynocomastia and recently a thyroidectomy. since the surgery i have notice my breatst getting larger and ""veiny"". i had a mamogram done which was negative. the woman who did it said it looked like they were getting ready to start making milk. is this possible?"
can ginger tea help with heartburn
can i use oil of oregano iv or im as an antibiotic? . hello . a while ago i got chlamydia in three places. i get horrible reactions to pharmaceutical antibiotics so decided to try oil of oregano locally and sublingually. the chlamydia is cured below but has remained in my throat. i was thinking of injecting pure essential oil of oregano im or iv in perhaps mct oil as a carrier. i am experienced in the medical application of these injections so in that regard it's safe. what do you think?
am i able to add my granddaughter to my health insurance plan if she is in my care. she is  years old?
my wife has been mixing alchohol celexa and xanax in the evenings to deal with stress and anxiety. can anyone help me?
currently i have the pain in the chest and constantly hear the high pitched sound in my right ear?
i had my son  months ago and i have some loose skin on my belly from my pregnancy. how can i tighten up my skin?
do they always check  pregnancy when u go to the er? second month w/o a period? but they said nothing  way or other? . i went to er  vomiting/severe headache. they gave me nausa pills said it was a virus.
does any kind of medication cause warts on the penis?
can i be with my  month old grandson and a chemo patient friend if i get the shingles shot? . i was told there may be a danger in being with a chemo patient after having the shingles shot along with concern with being around new borns? is there reason to be concerned and if so how long after the shot can i be in contact with these people?
how do you get hepatitis c?
are there has possibilities that i am pregnant even if i pull out his sperm out from my vagina? help me please <negative_smiley>
could i get genital herpes/hsv- by kissing someone who has it? or would i only get hsv- potentially that way? . i've read through a lot of data on herpes but am still confused about this. let's say that a woman has genital herpes. if i kiss her and end up contracting herpes from her will it be genital herpes/hsv- or would it be the more common hsv- herpes? . a shorter way of asking it is: can you only transmit hsv- through mouth-to-mouth contact?
what is paraphimosis?
what increases the risk of getting parkinsons disease?
can rosacea cause a rash around the mouth? . itchy bumps that look like pimples but are not. very red
will i be able to keep the coverage i have now once health reform goes into effect?
severe lower back pain for the last six months need second opinion?
how do i know how much weight to lift?
what could be the global consequences of antibiotic resistance?
are all pastas high in cholesterol?
does medicare part b pay for briefs
what other medical conditions cause high blood pressure? . i am  years old female and do not take any medications. i am not overweight. i workout  hour  days a week. i do not have a family history of high blood presure. i do not smoke or drink. i eat healthy meals and do not overuse salt. i am not under stress. up until this year my bp was / now it ranges from / to /. what other medical conditions can cause bp problems?
can you clean toys after trich?
both arms begin to tingle starting in my shoulder and moves down to my hands like my arms have fallen asleep?
does xanax show up in hair sample
what canbe the cause for chlamydia not going away after treatment and no sexual intercourse after being diagnosed
"i went for a skin allergy test and had zero reaction to the allergens until  hours later when my back broke out. i have been having very bad asthma/allergies. only i never had allergies or asthma until // i'm  years old. my primary sent me to an allergist who conducted the skin test. during the test i had a % negative reaction no allergies.  hours later my back was covered in bumps and red which no one warmed me about. luckily a co-worker had some benadryl and the symptoms went away. the allergist says there is ""no clinical significance"" but i want to know what it means."
i had a cannabis episode that really scared me dizziness neurological symptoms cardiac pain?
will i need less sleep as i age?
i am breastfeeding my  month old. i was told that i won't have a period but i have one. is this normal?
i have a throat bacterial infection feels like i have a fluid or something in my ear?
i had protectef sex with my boyfriend on  december on ovulation day. my last period on  november. i am having breastt. i had protectef sex with my boyfriend on  december on ovulation day. my last period on  november. i am having breast pain badly lower abdomen and nausea. so i am pragnant or not
how does a person get cold sores in their ear? how serious is this? can i use over the counter creams? . i am diabetic.  yrs old. smoker. dont drink or do drugs. had a bacterial ear infection from nov  to march . pseudomonosa argeonosa (sp? ). gp thought possibly coldsores in my ear too. finally only scab was left in my ear but it never went away. the scab was thick and white.  weeks ago i started getting blisters in my ear again but the fluid is clear somerimes a bit yellow but not green like when i had the bacterial infection. any help or info would be appreciated. thank you.
mild lateral soft tissue swelling. no fracture. how bad of an ankle sprain is this?
what is the feeling right before you ejaculate. i have not tried masturbation yet but i will try it soon . what feeling should i expect right before i ejaculate? also by using some tips i received on masturbation what if nothing comes out does it mean im infertile? i do have one testicle the other one i will be having surgery soon to bring it down so if it doesnt come out is it because of my one testicle? im  and im having many erections a day. pls answer soon
what surgery options do i have for pagets disease of bone?
what foods can i pack in my children's lunches to promote healthy teeth?
what causes abnormal vaginal bleeding during pregnancy?
i have always had normal bp since i got my flu shot  days ago my bp has been /. can the flu vaccine increase bp?
can getting the flu shot raise blood pressure? . i have been monitoring my blood pressure for about  weeks now and the readings have been normal (/) but i noticed ever since i received my flu shot from a few days ago my blood pressure has been reading higher (- range/). is this a side effect of the flu shot?
i had firm spheres inside my earlobes. when i squeezed them they broke without any discharge or skin irritation. . i had recurring small somewhat crystalline-feeling spheres in my earlobes. when i would apply pressure before breaking them they almost felt like small glass balls. each time i broke them there was no pain nor was there any discharge or discoloration. . this happened at a time during my teenage years but after a year or two it just stopped. i have always been curious about the cause though. . thank you for your time.
lower back pain and loss of blood.
i thought your employer insurance had to cost less than . % of your income or cover at least % of medical expenses. which is true - and or or? this is in order to get federal subsidies.
what is the strongest over-the-counter headache/pain reliever medicine?
is it possible to get heat rash when moving from one state to another. i live in arizona and i moved here from colorado last month and i believe i got heat rash. is it a possibly that i have sensitive skin to the hotter dryer state
i am on day  of a cold. today the white area of my eye is red and a little runny. can my cold go to my eye? . i have been taking zicam since monday and it usually helps. but today my head and sinuses are so full. the redness in the eye is significant enough so others notice it. should i stay home from work tomorrow and should i call the dr.?
doctors say i have attention deficit disorder. all i want to do is give up
how quickly can one get diarrhea after eating? . my spouse says that if i have diarrhea i should try to recall what i ate the day before. i think one can get diarrhea the same day within hours or even minutes after eating something that doesn't agree with me. thank you!
debilitating back pain unable to do anything tests show connective tissue disease
is laudanum still used for headaches or other conditions?
how many calories do you burn passing a bowel movement?
during pregnancy when will the gender of the baby be more accurate?
what is the best medicine for kawasaki diesease(fever and rash in hand face and foot). age  years. zender- female.
i collapsed and had a back spasm i have terrible pain in back and spine?
sleeping pills for traveling. what should i take to sleep on the plane im traveling to israel from miami fl and am super scared of flying i would like to sleep on the plane so i dont get nerve recked whats safe to take that i can bring on the plane with me and that i will be able to wake up after my flight lands?
what if i get insurance through the exchange and the affordable care act gets shut down? . will i still be able to get insurance because i have a pre-existing condition?
are any medicare plans offering both part b and d beside advantage plans? is dental available?
what happens if all of the sac from a sebaceous cyst is not removed?
how are copd and heart failure treated?
much higher blood pressure when restingis it unusual?
i am pregnant how long should i wait after i stop taking valtrex to nurse?
my  yr old daughter is taking .  amoxicillin can i give her a cough supresant at night?
i'm always nervous and my heart beats too fast and sometimes i experience pain in chest and nervousness. is it anxiety?
is it true that you shouldn't take medicines with milk?
is it normal for the shingles vaccine to produce shingles-like symptoms? . my father received the shingles vaccine and less than  hours later is experiencing skin sensitivity below his belly button in a space of skin about six inches across. he says the friction of his clothes against the area bothers him when walking and it also hurts to bend forward. these issues seem to be reminiscent of shingles symptoms to me - is it possible that the vaccine could be the cause?
can the flu shot cause heart arrythmia's and are these permanent? . i had the flu shot just over  weeks ago and since then my resting pulse has gone from  to - with an increase to - on standing. also experiencing several skipped beats sometimes several in a row. very scary! i am  no heart problems and my bp is perfect /. only had this since getting the flu shot! any help appreciated.
how can i help my overweight child lose weight?
why do i get attracted to both men and women?
do you ever recommend to your young patients not to get tattoos?
can acute use of nail polishes and polish removers and acetone for false nails trigger migraines. my daughter uses these items regularly in her profession
i came up positive for amphetamine was i wrongfully discharged?
my husband is a recovering addict and is looking for an antidepressant. is there one that would be better to try first?
unprotected sex on day  of pill pack (coc) forgot pill on day  - how high is the pregancy risk? . i had unprotected sex on day  of my new pill pack (coc- ovranette). i took  consecutive pills but forgot the  pill until i took my  pill and took them together. some websites say i should have taken emergency contraceptives if i had unprotected sex in the  week plus missed a pill in the  week. but the window for this means that i needed the emergency pill by day  - the day i forgot to take my pill. i didn't take emergency pill. do you think there's a high chance of pregnancy?
why does grey hair itch so much? . why does my grey hair itch so much? . recently my hair have started to turn grey. and i have notice it really itches a lot. i and i don't have dry scalp or dandruff. i wash and condition my hair once weekly and moisture the scalp at least twice weekly( have short hair about  in)but it still itches. i've talked to other women who said the same thing is happening to them.
how can bacterial vaginosis be prevented?
on pill recently sex. active with condoms but no period in .  neg preg tests over . worried could be pregnant. i have been on birth control for several years now. i recently became sexually active but we used a condom. i didn't get my period for that cycle. i took a pregnancy test a day after i was supposed to get it; it was negative. i took a second one a week later like suggested; it too was negative. so i continued with my birth control method. i missed my period the second cycle around so i took yet another pregnancy test which also came back negative. could i still be pregnant?
i am geting blood in urine also have lot of pain at the time of urine. & i get g spot setisfaction by using finger. i am unmarried  year girl & also virgin.
what is the official website for obamacare
what causes right-sided heart failure?
my company wants me to drop my spouse from my health insurance. . can i go to the exchange for myself and my wife if it costs less even if i have insurance?
i'm very black & blue i take plavix and baby aspirin. are the black & blue marks a concern?
do i have cirrhosis or a fatty liver?
should foreskin be retracted before intercourse? . my husband did not know till recently that the foreskin can be retracted. so we tried it out and he can retract it easily. but he feels the exposed part is now irritably sensitive. is this normal? before intercourse should we manually retract the foreskin? we are not sure if the foreskin will be retracted naturally during penetration. (we also doubt if the penetration is deep enough. i feel only about an inch of his penis is actually getting inside my vagina).
what's the most effective way of removing blackheads from the nose and t-zone and keeping them away?
right side of tummy hurts <negative_smiley>. i'm  the right side of my tummy. not the right side of my stomach but like under my right boob. . at first it hurt a little to the left of my right hip bone then it moved up to the right side of my belly button. it hurts on the inside not the skin. feels like sharp pain but not too sharp. it started around saturday morning. . . i've been hitting in and rubbing it deeply a lot do you think that made it worse? what is this pain i'm feeling?
i have pernicious anaemia and require regular  injections not sure my doctor is doing it right?
i have anxiety/depression. i am coming off paxil going on zoloft experiencing severe shock like dizziness. awful feeling of spinning head. not really dizzy more like a shocking feeling in my head. it makes me very naucious and bad headache. along with neck/shoulder discomfort. been off paxil now for about  / weeks and been on zoloft same amount. am i feeling bad because of coming off the paxil or going on the zoloft?
is my anti hiv test conclusive or need retest?
why can't i get rid of my acne? . i've tried neutrogena clean & clear & prescriptions. all of them were either too strong made my skin dry out mad my skin peel made my acne worse or were too expensive. i don't know what else to do.
does lipitor cause pancreatic cancer. i have read recently that lipitor may be linked to pancreatic cancer. can you verify if there's any studies to support that? there is pancreatic cancer in my immediate family and i am presently taking lipitor. thanks.
could mouthwash cause high blood pressure
are there any drugs that cause high blood pressure?
am i pregnant? . i had a monthly cycle june  - july . i have a calendar to keep track and that monthly cycle wasn't expected i had my regular one a week before and i'm not irregular or i haven't been before. its been  days now and my calendar shows i'm  days late. i took a home pregnancy test last night and it was negative. am i pregnant?
"easy ways for a male to get his"" foreskin back"". im  and my wife said that i can grow it back but i want to know how to grow it back fast and also with out hurting myself in the process any guidance will help"
which will help arthritis and fibromyalgia the most a hot tub or a sauna
my sons' left testicle seems to disappeared-his family dr. couldn't find it and it was there last year-he is  years old
do duck tape lift saggy breast?
is uterine cancer hereditary? . my mother was diagnosed  years ago and i remember her saying that she was constantly bleeding so that was a sign. and lately my periods have been lasting + weeks and it feels like when i finally think it is over with i get it again. also sometimes i will miss my period for like  months. could i possibly have symptoms or could it be something else?
is it normal to bleed after intercourse. me and my bf had sex without protection and afterwards i went to the bathroom to pee and i wiped and when i did there was a little blood like pinkish. i'm just not sure if that was his semen from when he came or if it was coming from me.
what if i am getting pale color stools on a regular basis but with out feeling pain from gallbladder? . im having pale colored stools - days a week. i know this is because of low bile but why do i keep having low bile and diarrhea? could something be wrong with my gallbladder even though im not having much pain? sometimes i have pain on my left side but its not very bad. the pain happens when i urinate though.
"i have a ""dead pool of water"" in my bladder i need to know what to do about it. my bladder never does empty. i was told to drink lots of water. i see pieces of stuff in my urine. i call it a ""dead pond"" and think the pieces are like algae in a pond. what does my future look like? is there anything i should avoid? can it be helped? help!"
can allergic reaction occur due to tylenol  or amoxicillin?
"can a non-infected person/child contract mono from a ""dormantly""(non-symptomaticly) affected person?"
can hormonal imbalance cause excessive static electricity on the body? . every metal surface i touch i get a painful shock and i tend to shock other people when i touch them. i know i have an hormonal imbalance i just wanna know if this can cause it.
will gonorrhea go away without treatment? how long does it last? . my partner tested positive for gonorrhea and chlamydia about a month ago. i am negative. he claims he contracted it from an affair  years ago and was never treated. is this possible?
how can warts and plantar warts be prevented?
what kind of cream can i use to prevent excess oil?
how is it possiable to have caught chlamydia if i tested negative a year ago and have not had sex since before then? . i went to my annual pap and this year i tested positive and last year i didn't. i have not slept with anyone this whole year and actually it has been longer than a year. is there anyway the test can be wrong o that my test was wrong last year?
what can i do to help my partner with genital herpes?
can my  month old kitten with congential myotonia get vaccines safely? will she tolerate anesthesia and spaying? . she does have grayish stool with some mucus and slight amount of blood we are trying probiotics and babyfood chicken.
can stomach acid or gas come out of the belly button
i am on the pill forgot to take it  in a row had sex both days took  pill today could i be pregnant?
 yr old female. videotaping herself nude. looking at explicit material online knows it is wrong. swears no abuse help! .  time she has been caught looking at explicit material. . adhd = focalin xr  & focalin xr  mg. genetic predisposition to become a sexual predator and promiscuous. mother is trying to get help for her but apparently is the only one who thinks this is an urgent situation
what could be the reason for increased heart rate of my pregnant wife?
what television provider serves the white house? . what. television provider. serves the white house?
could i be pregnant? . i had my last period / then what i thought was a light period / with horrible cramps and / i have a white discharge with light brown in it. yesterday i had thrown up one of my favorite dinners which i usually didn't have a problem with.
what's the best plan for successful weight loss?
my girlfriend was pregnant and chose to have an abortion  weeks later a pregnancy test reads positive. she said she still feels pregnant so she took the test which was quickly positive. we had unprotected sex before the procedure and then with a condom a week ago. after sex with the condom she started bleeding again and she said it was right before we had sex that she started feeling pregnant again. . i'm wondering if any sperm that might have ended up in her before the procedure would have survived and gotten her pregnant again or if there were some other concerns about after the procedure.
how can i reduce stress when i have breast cancer?
i am a diabetic and have severe burning pain in feet. why?
how can sepsis (blood poisoning) be prevented?
while getting my wisdom teeth removed they will cut the gums but say stitches aren't needed. is that ok?
vaginal redness and irritation without discharge. intercourse burns like a yeast infection but there is no discharge. no smell of bacterial infection just irritation and redness?
can burning a nerve help relieve nerve pain? . a friend of mine was told burning the nerve can help relieve nerve pain.
can erectile dysfunction drugs such as viagra levitra and cialis be used while taking blood pressure medications?
what is the difference between osteoporosis and scoliosis?
safest carotid blockage removal procedure?
i have been experiencing constant chills reflux laryngitis is it stds or flu shot side effects?
if my husbands non-hodgkins lymphoma is in remission how long before it comes back and how long will he live?
are there any repellants for bedbugs?
severe poison ivy. starting prednisone tomorrow. can i take benedryl tonight if i already took zyrtec. i have itching and stuff all over face and body. wanting some relief for nightime
what could be wrong with my niece who is one if she has redish bumps on her genetials? . she has had these bumps for about a week or two. some destin and a-d ointment has been used but still no progress has been made. she seems irritable and around the infected area it is red with some dry crust.
i am experiencing chest discomfort
how conclusive is a facial skin biopsy to diagnose systemic lupus erythematosus (sle)?
can i break an amoxicillon capsule and put it in drink? . i'm  and i hate taking huge pills. i just can't do it. my doctor recently gave me this for a sinus infection. can i just put it in a drink and drink it?
is it true that schizophrenia runs in family?
is multiple myeloma contagious by sharing a drink
i am  years old i need shingles vaccine but am i too young to have it?
what are the symptoms of prostate cancer?
i'm overweight  and pregnant but exercise regularly. what should i do to maintain a healthy pregnancy?
has it ever been known for a baby to survive at  weeks?
had allergic reaction to ibuprofen in july bladder went into spasms?
is there a birth control pill with out hormones in it
can you get pregnant if you take adderall?
does too much iron harden arteries. i had blood work done and was told that my red blood cell count is high but my dr wants me to take iron pills and i don't understand
could i have depression or anxiety. when i get upset i'm like that for two or three weeks. i worry to the point where i get a headache and my stomach starts to feel weird. i blame myself for everything that happens even if it's not my fault. sometimes my hands twitch but not very often. but thee are times where my chest hurts a tad bit. could it just be a nervous condition? am i over thinking things?
recently both eyes sting and burn all day. extremely dry. must blink hard non stop. extreme discomfort. not too bad when i wake up in the morning. as the day goes on they get more and more dry and start to sting and burn if i do not strenuously blink. the excessive blinking causes the muscles around my eyes to become sore. have worn contacts for over  years with no issues. even if i do not have contacts in this occurs. started about  days ago. if i try not to blink eyes start to sting and burn so badly that huge amounts of tears produce. eyes have redness as well. causes? solutions?
doctor i am  weeks pregnanti am really depressed
" days of diarrhea mod-sev ab pain head ache fever and nausea. today a ""lump"" in upper right/middle abdomen. help?"
will i know before my missed period if i am pregnant? can i be pregnant and still get a period? how long will it take? . we are trying to concieve and this is month two. we are very excited and want to conciece asap. how long do you think it will take if we have sex every day of the month? i am very regular with my menstral cycle and i get a period every  days
my daughter has keloids on her scalp. what can i use to remove them? . her hair still grows in the area that the keloids have spread to. she's  and i don't want this to spread throughout her entire head and cause hairloss. please advise
other than chest x-ray what test should be done for cough?
i have type ii diabetes. what is the best form of exercise for my condition? . i take metformin twice a day and insulin in the evening. i would like a recommendation on a good exercise program especially since i have a busy and sometimes inconsistant schedule.
i am on medicare at  (i don't work) and my wife has small house cleaning jobs and makes about $  a year. . is medicaid in california or something else available for her?
what causes your gums to bleed while youre brushing? what can i do to prevent it? this happens every time i brush.
the back of my head itches and is starting to have hair loss but baldness does not run in my family. what is the cause?
my lips are unable to moisturize themselves hbs rvs and mp test what next?
can mucinex dm and z-pack be taken together? . my son a college freshman likely has walking pneumonia. today his second trip to the health center in a week he was prescribed a z-pack for his symptoms: hacking cough fatigue fever and chills. his cough sounds alarming over the phone and is preventing him from getting much sleep. can he take mucinex dm to suppress his cough so he can sleep/rest?
how is colitis diagnosed?
what causes paraphimosis?
dietary changes? . for about three weeks now i have been eating healthier foods and exercising regularly. i have been feeling great except i recently have been having changes in my stool. i keep feeling like i need to use the restroom but when i try all that comes out is some sort of yellow mucus. is this just my bodies reaction to my change in diet and exercise? i have made an appointment to see my health care physician but it is not until next week and i am really concerned.
what are the problems associated puva therapy while pregnant or breastfeeding?
do you need laughing gas or needles when giving fill-ins for cavities to a child?
i am  can i still get the hpv vaccine? . i have never had sex before. i am considering marrying a woman who got hpv that causes cancer when she was  years old. she got pap smear and removed the cells  years ago. she is now  and if i marry her i will get infected with hpv. can i still get the vaccine or no.
my bladder feels full and burns urethra itches tests all ok?
i have not been given hormones for my prostate cancer because of the side effects. what are my other treatment options?
how can obsessive-compulsive disorder ocd be prevented?
do we really need to remove our shirt during chest x ray even when we are not wearing any radioopaque material? . just asking opinion. this is for my final year project research. do we really need to remove our shirt during chest x ray even when we are not wearing any radioopaque material? . and if possible can u give me link that related to the journal of the procedure. thanks
what other medications are used for treating migraine headaches?
can you get anything from touching blood or breathing over blood? . a co worker bleeds everywhere and we accidentally touch it with our hands or arms. he has claimed that he has everything a person could possibly get. should we have blood test done for any reason due to this co workers obsessive bleeding?
why are many providers choosing to not participate in individual plans purchased under obama care? . silver plan under anthem bc/bs in the state of connecticut. this is a higher end plan and carrier. . these same providers participate in plans with the same carriers when they are not purchased under obama care (i. e. employer plans medicare advantage plans). we are not the only people having this problem. this expensive plan is absolutely useless to us.
i have hypothyroidism. i want to reduce weight. please advise me the diet and exercises.
can a man still have erectile dysfunction even if blood tests come back negative and he exercises?
my skin itches & burns all over. tried prescription creams and meds. don't work. have lupus. pls suggest tests to do. . started  years ago on top of my feet and palms of my hands. slowly but surely it started to affect all of my body. my rdw is high and mchc is low. i am border line anemic. . . please advise.
low resting heart rate can it be a secondary adrenal insufficiency if not what is cause?
can a torn ligament contribute to gout
which liquids or juices have vitamin k?
what should i take for energy while on celexa and welbutron tried coffee vitamins and same still tired
can anemia cause dizziness to last a long period of time? and can dry mouth be a sign of anemia?
will the aca affect long-term care insurance coverage for pre-existing conditions such as dementia? . will there be a cap on benefits for long-term care?
i had a normal period about a week after intercourse then another a month later than  months later spotting. problem? . i'm also feeling slightly nauseas. i haven't been sexually active after the first incident however. i am mainly wondering what could've caused the spotting and if by seeing that i've stressed myself into making up the nausea and thinking it's worse than it really is.
i had rta and broke my right homers after nells fracture still moving?
what are benign and malignant brain tumors?
can strep bacteria spread throughout the mouth causing sore and inflammed gums and ulcers on the lips?
i want to know if i stop smoking after  years could it bring back my eczema? . i have stopped smoking on two occasions now and i found both times my eczema has come back after taking smoking up again it goes away is this just in my head or is there a connection with this. please could someone possibly help me out with this as i would like to kick the habit and find it hard to do so(even when im over the  day barrier. waiting to hear from you. thanks. andre
what is crohn's disease?
"should i see my family dr or a urologists for a diagnosis of peyronie's disease? . super embarrassed about this ""overnight"" change and having to see a dr about it."
how can valium help vertigo. chronic vertigo a patients worst nightmare. to live everyday feeling the sensations of everything moving around you brings about nausea to high extremes. vertigo may be calmed to some small point but never truely leave you then the vertigo takes new form robbing the use of speech arms legs and doubling your vision. i ask is there not one physician that can rid this terrible disease from ones body or are all suffering patients just pushed aside to live life feeling sick inside?
what foods are good for liver health and to keep ast and alt in normal range?
i had a large injection of penicillin for strep.  days later my lymph nodes have swollen substantially. is this normal? . tuesday afternoon i started feeling sick sore throat cough body aches fatigue headache. thursday it felt so bad i went to the er. they glanced at my throat declared it to be strep shot me full of steroids painkillers and penicillin then sent me on my way. i began to feel better that day and yesterday felt mostly normal except for a persistent productive cough and weak voice. but as of this morning my lymph nodes are absurdly swollen and very tender. possible explanations?
is it possible to be irritated or get a small discharge from certain condoms?
should one stop smoking to help prevent outbreaks of hpv?
have herniated discs. getting injections for them. hard time sitting. looking for a pillow to use to be able to sit. i have herniated discs in my back. i get injections for them every  months. i am having a hard time sitting and am looking for some kind of pillow to use that will not apply to much pressure and i can carry around and take to the office. i don't know if a gel pillow would work or not. any help or ideas would be appreciated. thank you.
does everyone agree on the new mammogram screening recommendations?
i am having a severe migraine that wont go away and now i am having severe pain behind both ears in the bone. i had a severe migraine and after  days i went to the er to get relief. the pain did subside and a day and a half later it came back along with severe pain in the bone behind my ear and now both ears. i am having alot of trouble sleeping. nothing is helping the ear pain. the pain now going down my neck. its now been  days since i was in the er. i do have migraines and hemiplegic migraines. i have never had this pain before. i am having trouble getting ahold of my dr.
i have been feeling very depressed and it hasnt gone away?
what medications can i take for fibromyalgia during pregnancy?
i have a patient of mine has pitting oedema difficult diagnosis any help would be appreciated?
could a pregnancy be possible with an iud and a vasectomy together?
can getting the flu shot raise blood pressure? . i have been monitoring my blood pressure for about  weeks now and the readings have been normal (/) but i noticed ever since i received my flu shot from a few days ago my blood pressure has been reading higher (- range/). is this a side effect of the flu shot?
herpes through clothing. i had an experience with a girl the other night. i had touched her vagina through her pants. she told me after that she has genital herpes. i know that it's not likely to get herpes without skin to skin contact but she was getting wet. i'm not sure if that changes things am i at risk?
i have anorexia nervosa binge purge subtype having sharp pains in my left collarbone region and upper left rib cage?
how is ringworm diagnosed?
i have or think i have inguinal hernia when should i contact my doctor?
why won't my xanax show up in blood tests. i take .  mg  day but my doctor said i am selling my pills because they are not showing up in blood tests but i take them daily. please help
does drinking tea help boost fertility? . i have heard that drinking  cups of tea a day will help increase your chances of getting pregnant but i have also heard the opposite that it will decrease your chances.
my doctor left the facility she used to be at and they claim they don't know where she went? . i need to find out where she went to but i called the hospitals she's affiliated with as well as her previous facility and they all say they don't have her new information. my mom has alot of medical issues (heart surgery in  and hypertension etc) and this doctor was her pcp. she doesn't want to change doctors all of a sudden and i feel like it's wrong that i am not able to find her. what can i do?
i developed pneumonia wheezing doctors dont know what is wrong?
i'd like to know what the best combination of supplements are for a vegan including enzymes amino acids and vitamins. i've been looking into collagen (to improve bone density skin and hair) spirulina (for protein and immune function) maca powder(hormonal function and fertility)    and digestive enzymes (to help with bloating and stomach problems). i also take a multi vitamin. i am overwhelmed with the wealth of information and would like advice on the best combination as i don't want to take too many supplements when i don't fully understand how they might effect each other. thanks in advance.
do teens always get pregnant after sex?
can anemia be cured?
do i still have to get pap smears if ive been vaccinated for hpv?
is there a test for candida? . as a result of using the dulara inhaler twice a day i have candida in my throat and in my stomach. itching also now gone to vagina. it was found by an endoscopy. i was given a medication to clear this all up but now i am wondering if i will be okay after the medication is complete and if i can get it again. if i hadn't been going in for a routine endoscopy on my stomach (stomach cancer survivor) i would have not known i even had it (except vagina).
how to get rid of bad breath? i floss brush every morning and night but still suffer from bad breath.
 day of menstrual cycle – partially ruptured irregular follicle – can i get pregnant
can you get the flu in summer. . . . i have all of the symptoms:. body aches. headache. dry cough -- tight lungs. fever (goes down with aleve). fatigue. cold sweats. my nose is not runny -- i do not feel like i have a cold. my daughter now has the same symptoms -- does the flu go around in the summer months?
what type of sunscreen can i use over makeup?
how far in does your lover have to go inside your vaginal area in order to recognize that you have lost your vaginity?
can i take tumeric if i have gallstones. am hoping it will work as an anti-inflamatory for my osteoarthritis
nurse suffered lancet cut after lancet used on hiv patient.
i have non painful non itchy bruise like rash my the arch of my feet. what could it be? . some things that may or not be related i have low-ish blood pressure lack of energy and this bruise like rash is on my inner foot from the very bottom all the way up to close to the ankle on both feet. they are little red spots that are not raised and i do not feel them they look like a bunch of tiny bruises.
what is pregnancy gingivitis?
i tried mdma (ecstasy)  days ago and i had a very bad stroke
how many excedrins are safe to take in one day?
facial swelling. swelling in the upper nose area and under my right eye three days now. any idea what i should do or what it could be?
small black spot on side of tongue pretty far back. black spot on lower gums. black spot on side of tongue that is small painless. have a black spot on my lower gums same side of mouth. been have neckaches and headaches. should i be worried?
problems keeping an erection. i'm an  year old male i weight  pounds and i am '. i have problems keeping an erection it will get hard but it gets soft rather quickly without stimulation like a few seconds. when it is hard it usually stays a sort of mostly hard but still soft penis. i smoke cigarettes and marijuana but not to the extent where it would cause major damage. i exercise - times a week and eat healthy although i do indulge in some junk food. could i really have erectile disfunction at my age?
what if one spouse receives employer sponsored health insurance and the other receives insurance through the exchange? . will the spouse receiving insurance through the exchange be eligible for a subsidy based upon their individual income or will it be based on joint income if they file a joint irs return?
i have itchy water blisters that turn into blood blisters?
if i have thrush what are the chances of my partner getting it if we have unprotected sex.
what might cause nipple pain and frequent urination? i am  and not pregnant. could this be a hormonal change?
what can i do to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder ocd at home?
im captain of running team had bad accident doc says zero activitybut i need to run?
can lumbar fusion cause problem for the disk above. i had - - fusion now - is bulging. my md called this a cascade effect and is not surprised. i cannot find anything supporting this cascade effect.
is liposuction covered by insurance?
which children get depressed?
how can i bee a little bit taller? . hi <positive_smiley>. how can i grow like  extra cms or so? and is it anyway possible? ! . thanks <positive_smiley>
pain during and after intercourse constant odor and extremely watery discharge for the past month. what's going on? . i've been having these issues come out of the blue and they've seem to have gotten worse over time. i can't get an appointment until next month. what can this problem be?
how long does cramping in early pregnancy last? im  weeks and i'm still cramping like my period is coming!
can you reduce pore size?
i ended up in accident & emergency with tonsillitis should i have surgery?
sometimes my vision in my left eye goes away doctors have tried everything?
my left arm biceps started to twitch no solution?
is it ever possible for one's liposuction to be declared medically necessary? . i know from reading similar postings that sometimes one's insurance can pay for this procedure but what i want to know is can it ever be considered medically necessary?
what can do when  month old gagging on mucus. . doctor says he is fine because there is no infection. we already use vaporizer saline drops & mucus bulb
hi iam a male n used to fingers with vaginal fluid to hold my penis bare holding th shaftarea am i at risk of hiv. hi . iam a  yrs old male indulged in an act with an escort. she took my finger & started fingerin herself & afetra couple of seconds i had an ejaculation to which i held on to my pe**s using the same finger with vaginal fluid holding the shaft area. pls note i wasn't wearin a condom pluthnxs i dint get into insertive intercourse my question is am i at risk for holding my pe**s with the finger dipped in vaginal fluid? . thanhks.
i have two questions: . my husband has diabetes and no health insurance. he does not have a job. how much would it be for him to have insurance? . if i have medicaid and additional insurance to be covered % how much will i have to pay and what is the co-pay for a specialist?
what is ideal level of hydration? is there a formula regarding height and weight?
how can you remove a condom that could possibly be stuck inside your buttocks? . i am not % sure if it is still inside me as i had gone to the bathroom and was not able to see if it came out. please help. would i still feel it? what would it feel like? will it come out by itself? how long would that take? im scared.
how long is it safe to ice testicles without causing damage? . my wife is having a hard time getting pregnant so i did some research for home remedies and solutions because i am a little embarrassed to talk to my doctor about the possibility of me having fertility issues. i came across icing testicles as a common result. i want to give this a try before i go to my doctor. how long is it safe to ice my testicles in one period of time before i possibly cause damage if i will cause damage?
does hpv cause yeast infections in women?
what is heartburn?
my father has wounds on both of his ankles. its been more than  years?
what are the symptoms of generalized anxiety disorder (gad)?
i have back pain in lower back. it hurts when i cough or sneeze?
what is type  diabetes and what is it like to live with the disease?
i am postmenopausal. can i still get pregnant? . i am  years old and have not had a period since may .
i collapsed and had a back spasm i have terrible pain in back and spine?
 years old with a lump on left testicle what do i do now? . .  months ago i began to feel a slight lump in my left testicle. the lump is not considerably bigger but seems to have spread over a larger area of the testicle. the night before last i started feeling a very slight aching in my left groin area it seems to be related to my testicle but i can't be sure. i don't feel like i can just tell my parents about this. i would like to know if there's another way i can get it checked out by a professional before telling my parents. any advice is appreciated.
can a person get tonsilitis if they nolonger have tonsils. my son had tonsilitis. tonsilitis is a viral infection and does not require an antibiotic. however tonsilitis can be caused by strep which is bacterial which requires an antibiotic. dr did't do a strep test but perscribed an antibiotic. a few days after he got better i developed an extremely sore throat runny nose caughing headache no fever. tonsilitis symptoms. can i get tonsilitis if i had my tonsils removed? if i have a strep infection will my immune system fight it off.
blood test for mononucleosis came back as negative but symptoms suggest otherwise. my  year old daughter has had blood tests for mononucleosis which came back as negative. however she is becoming more and more exhausted is pale achy has a sore throat and is sleeping a lot. what else could this be?
bacterial infection and possible mono in throat - puss? . i went to doctor and confirmed bacterial infection on left side of my throat and possible mono. my question however is regarding the puss. there is a lot of white puss and i was wondering if its safe to try to remove it
i have some hip pain  weeks. had mra image recently would welcome second opinion?
my son has strep throat. how long before his symptoms started showing was he contagious? . our doctor confirmed strep but i forgot to ask: how long before his symptoms started showing was he contagious? and how long does the bug take to incubate? how long to stop actively looking for symptoms in my other children?
how can i get my  month old to sleep through the night?
how does long-term smoking impact oral health?
how soon does a man produce more sperm after intercourse?
how can colon cancer be prevented?
severe anal and genital itching. why? . i have had issues with loose bowel movements/diarrhea. i went through tests including biopsies for crohns and celiac. . the itch became worse more recently on the scrotum and penis. the itch is an intense burning and itching sensation that can start at any time. i have been taking fluconazole and it doesn't seem to be working. ( doses) topical ointments feel as if they are causing a chemical burn on my penis. sex is uncomfortable. (i have been married  yrs  previously). i take humira.
can i take ibuprofen after getting a flu shot?
i am having frequent pvcs and yet my doctor says not to worry?
what is mptp's role in the study of parkinson's disease?
could my child's shortness of breath be related to him being over weight somewhat? . my child is  years old and somewhat overweight. he has shortness of breath all the time not just during activity. he goes around taking in deep breaths a lot and i can tell he isn't getting proper air. he uses his inhaler daily. my husband thinks its because he is overweight but i am concerned. he was put on inhaler because he may have exercised induced asthma the doctor said but that was when he was  years old. could this type of shortness of breath be caused by overweight? .
small sand like grains in urine. i started taking azo for uti symptoms. now in addition to the usual orange urine i see orange sand like grains in the toilet. is this kidney stones or something else?
lingering cold in sinuses for more than  weeks. could this mean something else? . i've had this cold since about  weeks before thanksgiving i blow tons of snot and blood out of my nose the inside of my l nostril is swollen. makes me wonder if it may be signs of somthing bigger/worse.
my son is  years old and lives with me. he has not had a job since jan.   and has no source of income. . before he quit working he was a self-employed newspaper carrier for  years and never could afford to buy health insurance due to gasoline and vehicle repair expenses cutting into his monthly profit. how is he supposed to obtain health insurance under these circumstances? we live in mississippi.
how is eczema diagnosed?
my son had his aortic valve replaced with a mechanical one last year. his l - disk just went out yesterday?
do hospitals check hb  on all addmisions
my legs and head are really very tingly. i also feel cold in my legs and around my body. i've had this tingly feeling in my legs since the morning and now i have it around my head.
what are the symptoms of arrhythmias?
is philippine prudential insurance will include to cancel?
my mom has been coughing several times each day for the past  months sometimes she spits clear mucous and vomits?
my husband has been coughing up phlegm with bright red blood?
red blisters from cat scratch and cellulitis in ankle not healing?
i had a major foot surgery  months ago i have severe nerve pain due to complication?
what is the purpose of doing a polymerase chain reaction?
how long can a person survive without eating or drinking on iv fluids? . this person was admitted into hospital following a series of seizures. she is  years old with down syndrome and alzheimers. she is refusing to eat or drink.
can chocolate make you weak. after having some hot chocolate in the afternoon i feel very weak the next morning. why is that?
hurts to take deep breathe pain around belly button and pain under ribs. what is this? . this pain just started on monday. i thought it was just indigestion so i started taking a upset stomach reliever it's now next monday and it's still there but i went to the er on saturday and they said that my blood tests and lab tests came back normal xrays looked okay. the pain is a bit under my ribs and it hurts to take deep breaths and it's now starting to burn a little bit when i pee. what's wrong with me? . the doctor at the er also prescribed prilosec which i have been taking.
i've been unemployed for a very long time and can't afford health insurance whatsoever. . i live with my parents and don't qualify for medicaid or medicare. what can i do to get health insurance and where do i start?
what product must i use to have clear and smooth skin?
i'm a  yr old male. why would my nipples stay erect all the time? . i exercise regularly. i'm not fat but i'm not zero percent body fat either. temperature zero stimuli etc. doesn't seem to affect them at all.
ive had stomach problems and panic attacks since i was  need some relief?
diagnosed with pulmonary embolisms. felt pressure in my ear. pop and release of blood from ears. is this normal? . first nigiht home from hospital after having spent  day admission. placed on lovenox and coumadin. receiving injections of lovenox at home and taking coumadin  qd as well. was asleep and thought that i had water in my ear. felt release thought it was water but awakened to see it was blood coming from ear. no shortness of breath or pain. took blood pressure and it was normal. had been having a headache for past  days. should i follow up with my md immediately?
i have a skin disease but no idea what it is?
i developed severe tendinitis in my neck i had a bump the size of two tennis balls on my head?
should pregnant women be vaccinated against human papillomavirus?
can a person contract genital herpes from a person with a cold sore. and is there a test one can take to know if u have.
what are some benefits of the affordable care act that young people might not be aware of?
am i still growing and going through puberty? . i am a  year old boy from nyc turning  on august . i'm ' and have been that way since . i'm also an early bloomer. my mom is '. my dad told me he was ' when he was  and shot up to ' after high school. he wasn't even active. however he was a late bloomer ; had some facial. i have facial and chest hair. i don't have a mustache underlip hair voice cracks sometimes but rarely and my voice tone changes a lot from a low to a somewhat high pitch. trying to get to ' or '.
after using scented soap. i now have clear odorless discharge and a slight itchin my vaginal region am i allergic? . it doesnt burn to pee just seems irritated.
what is toxic shock syndrome?
<link> sheer  reviews an advanced morning lifter pay close attention to the actual level of caffeine content of one's supplements in the event level of caffeine at nighttime stops ones sleep patterns. additionally i would do parallel bar dips on the deadlift morning too because it will give the triceps the extra do the job they desire and also providing the actual upper body a number. <link>
are there any sleep aids that a pregnant woman can take?
unexplained headaches  does mri show problem?
i start with a healthy erection during sex but it never lasts very long. could this be ed or some kind of mental block?
i have strong stomach aches get constipated sweaty and even feel like passing out?
i am getting dizzy when i eat sugar and my legs also feel numb. . i am just under ' and weigh  lbs. i am  and just came to college and i have had really bad allergies. i go to washington state university in pullman wa. i have also been sick the majority of the time i've been here. i have had multiple colds and had the flu once. i have been here since august and my eating habits have gotten worse but i haven't gained weight. i am starting to feel dizzy when i eat sugary foods and my legs sometimes feel numb. i also have to urinate frequently.
what does grossly remarkable mean after a cat scan?
what could be the cause for rise in bp?
hockey player has ankle problems tenderness bruising and a good bit of swelling?
is it ok to mix the following meds:  mg strattera  mg prozac  mg lisinopril and .  mg hydrochlorothiazide?
is the pain and cramping i feel while taking provera normal and should i check with my doctor about it?
i have itching at the tip of my urethra. i don't think my partner has an std. should i be worried?
if i had no income last year what will a health insurance plan cost me?
how to treat prolonged bronchitis. have had bronchitis for + months. still cough with mucus. using mucinex and nose sprays. nothing helping! any other suggestions? no fever. runny nose is clear.
what causes the eye to jump (throbbing)? . my eye has been jumping for the past  weeks now and i am not sure what to do. should i go see an eye doctor? . please advise.
is it normal to bleed from and have a discharge from your nipples during pregnancy
my daughter has headache blurred vision numbness of arm and face. is it an emergency?
 day birth control pack took last active pill  late. will i be protected once i start new pack. i am usually very good about taking the pills on time. on saturday night last active pill night i forgot to take the pill. i realized and took it when i woke up sunday morning. i see my boyfriend this coming saturday and will not be having any sex until then (one week after i missed the pill and right after my placebo pills/period week). will i still be protected?
i have been experiencing upper right abdominal pain on a daily basis for  months no solution from doctor?
when do you need to see a doctor about warts?
why is processed food unhealthy?
how is herpes simplex diagnosed?
what can i do when life feels overwhelming?
i had a problem during a workout(bench press) where i pushed too hard and tore a rotator cuff?
i am scared that my ear drums may hurt or puncture while in flight?
is cracking your knuckles bad for you? . i crack my knuckles constantly and have heard you can develop arthritis over time. is this true? what else could happen if i continue to crack my knuckles?
my feet hurt. how can a podiatrist help me?
what to eat after having tonsils adenoids removed. my  yr old granddaughter just had tonsils & adenoids removed on /<negative_smiley>. she has drank a little and has eaten some apple sauce. how soon after surgery should i try getting her to eat anything & if so what.
help on getting pregnant. it has been four months me and my husband are trying to get pregnant no luck so far we are having intercourse everyday during ovulation time i am on folic acid tablets for more than a year i do not smoke do not drink any help?
my husband and i had sex in a pool yesterday i am  weeks pregnant and now i am spotting and cramping. is this normal?
belly aching starving nauseous cant sleep – what could it be?
do i have a yeast infection?
my college student has swollen and oozing skin on forehead swollen lymph glands and headache. is it impetigo or mrsa? . my son is away at college and is a former wrestler. he believes he has impetigo which he had in the past. he started taking a refill of bactrim and is using muprocin. his glands are no longer swollen but woke up today with a very swollen forehead. his roommate had mrsa swelling of his hand  months ago and he is worried that it may be more than impetigo.
what exercises can i do after  spine surgeries and in constant pain
why i have to wate for an hour or  hrs after having sex? . i was wondering why i can ownley have sex once then i have to wate for an hour or  to buld back up. after having sex i leak for about  to  min why is this?
how do you cure bacterial stds?
i take approx  ibuprofen daily for osteoarthritis hip pain. can i still take it prior to cortisone injection?
is a  year girl to young to have a yeast infection? if no then what otc medication is safe to use for her?
how great is the risk of spreading herpes type i through oral sex? . i've been getting cold sores for most of my life. my girlfriend was concerned about it spreading through oral sex so she consulted her gyno. she was told to never allow me to do it to her as i am pretty much always shedding the disease. i feel like this will put a major hit on the relationship so i was wondering if the risk really is that big?
will breastfeeding affect levels of hcg and give a fasle negative pregnancy test? . i am a nursing mother of a  month old. my cycle is relatively normal -average  day cycle. i am late and took a pregnancy test and it came back negative. can the hormones related to lactation affect the hormones that detect pregnancy?
what are secondary brain tumors?
will testocerone treatments enlarge my penis? . it seems like my penis has gotten smaller as i age. i can't afford that! . i want to have a good sex life. i still have urges. i'm a pretty horny guy. but i do fear my penis is wayy to small. including my scrotum.
how can i make sure my child eats a healthy lunch at school?
i was given a drug in the hospital that was like an ibuprofen that started with a t. does anyone what it could be
will she be okay or should i take her to the er? . my daughter just took   ibuprofen tablets she's  years old  pounds and '. will she be okay?
how soon can i exercise after having my baby?
hi i had sex yesterday and after that got little blood but i am not virgin. hi. anyone please help me! . i had sex yesterday and after that got little blood but i am not virgin. today morning too i noticed little blood. and upper part of my stomach is paining. i took pregnancy test today morning it is negative. my period is irregular after marriage. will i be pregnant? . or any other problem?
what are the differences between the various ed medications?
if you have medicare because of disability can you still get a health insurance policy on the marketplace?
what is autoimmune hepatitis?
can ringworm virus give someone shingles?
does a person who is not working have to have health insurance?
i had sex within the week i started taking birth control can i still get pregnant cuz i feel like i am. im nausea taking more trips to the bathroom sex drive is very high sleepy breast feel like milk is forming.
can physicians recommend a patient to take medication prescribed by another physican that they happen to have at home? . my mother has just been diagnosed with gallstones. instead of prescribing something for pain the doctor told her that she could take the oxycodone that she had from a dentist some time ago and had not used. is this allowed? i am appauled but do not know the legal and proper protocols.
i am prone to recurrent uti. what can i change about my diet to prevent and treat urinary tract infections? . i am trying to alter my diet in order to better prevent urinary tract infections. i already am limiting caffeine and alcohol and am drinking lots of water. . i need a list of foods that are good for preventing and treating urinary tract infections.
hi my husband has a lump on his head that has been there for  weeks and now has a lump under his armpit. hi my husband has a lump on the back of his head for about  weeks now and it appeared there without injury we were a little concerned but now i am really concerned because he has another lump under his armpit that has been there for 
there is a tooth decay started in my all tooths on lower backsides
i was diagnosed with mrsa in mid sept on my nose. why does the healed spot still hurt and tingle/ich? . i just finished my third round of zyvox. i don't know if the pain may be side effects of the drug or if the mrsa still hasn't gone away.
can antidepressants help get the serotonin in your brain back in sync?
do word search puzzles helps exercise your brain? . this is the best self generated word search game in android:. the word search game is ideal for hours of entertainment and training your mind and eye power. it is suitable for both adults and children for fun and for learning. playing is very simple; because they are hidden words in a grid of cells filled with letters horizontally vertically and diagonally. <link>
i was diagnosed with gastritis i now have stomach inflammation?
what causes ringworm?
"i have a sinus infection and bronchitis (month long).  round of antibiotics (on day  of ). still sick. go back in? . i was first on augmentin which did make the cough better just didn't disappear. i am now on cipro day  of ). also taking flonase mucinex and allergy-d (per my dr. ) my dr is out of town until next week and the office said there are no openings until the end of january. i still have ""balloon head"" trouble hearing mucus coughing fatigue. should i go into the urgent care? or wait until i have finished all  days of the antibiotic? i thought they usually worked pretty quickly."
my breasts grow/shrink by  cup sizes every few months. not period related pregnant or weight gain. ultrasound normal. i am  and this has been happening sense i was . i have not been on birth control for  years. i am not pregnant. the times they grown/shrink are random and don't appear to be related to my period at all. my primary care doctor is baffled and can't figure this out. i had an ultrasound that came back normal so they won't do a mammogram. i gave blood to test my hormones and they came back normal. while they grow/shrink they are sore and painful to the touch. what is wrong with me?
what are warts and what causes them?
embarrassing question: is pregnancy possible? . my husband had a vasectomy in april or may. i am not on birth control and we have not had intercourse because my husband has failed to return semen specimens in a timely manner; therefore we do not know if he is sterile. however we have fooled around with him being completely nude and me wearing thin underwear. he has twice ejaculated on my underwear at my vaginal opening. i am concerned about the likelihood of pregnancy under these circumstances. any info you can provide is appreciated.
i have hemorroids. they are external & have lasted for  weeks now. i have treated them but no change. . . i have taken sitz baths. i use wipes along with preparation h. they are not painful. i have normal bowel movements with no bleeding. there are  small hemorroids. what else should be done?
can you have a reaction to a yellow jacket sting a week later?
pap smear test painful. i have fear of going to the gynecologist because the pap smear test always hurt i can't open my legs as much due to problems with my hip and as a result i am not totally relaxed during this test and when the doctor puts the hand inside to touch my cervix it hurts and i bleed afterwards. what should the doctor do to make the exam much better?
lumps in both breasts? . i am a  year old female kind of immature body wise for my age but i have lumps the same size in both breasts. if/when somebody bumps into me and accidentally hits my breast it is very painful. the lumps seem to not be connected in any way to the nipple however they seem to be fairly large. i know breast cancer is practically impossible for someone my age but what could it possibly be? . thank you!
what are the signs of chlamydia in men?
how secure will our personal information be when applying for health insurance on the exchange?
can you get a burning sensation from tennis elbow
does vertigo have anything to do with alzheimers diease? . does having vertigo have anything to do with alzheimers diease
what tests can be done to detect colon cancer?
my son has a history of azthma now has croup?
my husband got a appendectomy about a year ago and has been going thru some abdominal pain again whats wrong? . he's been having similar abdominal pains vomiting and nausea. he's been taking alka seltzer to help the pain.
i have been in a lot of severe pain with my lower back since september?
where can i find a low-phenylalanine diet?
what causes male condoms to break?
i have hashimotos. am i going to have heart problems within few years?
can anxiety keep a man from being able to ejactulate or maintain an erection? . my boyfriend knows that him not being able to ejaculate whenever we have sex makes me feel like it is because i am unattractive. he was not sexually active for several years before i came along. is it my fault in the sense of making him worry so badly about not being able to and upsetting me that he loses his erection altogether?
twenty-four year old daughter losing hair. tested positive for auto immune but negative for lupus. any suggestions? . our daughter has been losing large amounts of hair (strands not clumps) over the past three to four weeks. went to doc and took battery of blood tests. test came back positive for auto immune but further test showed negative result for lupus. any idea what could be causing this condition? no changes in her diet no stress no changes in hair products etc. we're at a loss. any suggestions? thanks in advance.
can the gardisal vaccine cause infertility
stabbing pain under rib cage. stabbing pains right side under my ribs for several weeks started in july ct scan normal. i eat healthy now it is accompanied with awful nausea and vomiting. the nausea is constant i have vomited  times in  weeks (not pregnant) i have been to so many doctors and they are really not sure what is wrong. all of the tests have came back normal ct scan with contrast blood work xrays ultrasound of gallbladder and hida scan. for the hida scan gallbladder and small bowels normal and ef %
what types of exercise are better for weight loss?
can e coli live on a razor? . i have had  utis recently and wondered if using a razor with e coli in that area could have caused them.
i forgot to take my effexor in the morning. can i take it at night along with lunesta?
is it possible to have an md in psychiatry and a phd in psychology with a md/phd program? . i am a senior in high school and i have always wanted to either be a psychiatrist or psychologist. i love the idea of both but i have heard that most psychiatrists don't practice psychotherapy. my real question is if i need another degree to practice psychotherapy as well as being a psychiatrist. also is it possible to be an md in psychiatry but also have a phd in psychology? or is it possible to just be a therapeutic psychiatrist?
im a  year old male. i had a uti just over a year?
large redish pimple like bump in pubic hair painfull at first. could it be an std? . it started like a pimple and was painful then grew a bit and got less painful. now it's slightly larger than a pencil eraser red and doesn't hurt. the skin on the surface is peeling a little. it's in the pubic hair not on the penis. what could it be?
could i have an std? or an i just ovulating? . during my last obgyn check up i was diagnosed with a bacterial infection. they gave me medication to take care of it. just had my period last week but afterwards i had a brown gel like clump discharge come out. but at that point i was itchy. later that night the gel became clear. the second day i had another clear gel like discharge. i hope i'm not confusing the clear with yellow. i am sexually active with my fiancée and we don't use condoms. but i am on birth control.
what conditions does ibuprohm treat?
due date of february  . had sex w a guy on / w a condom an had sex with a guy on / w out a condom. father?
my son has been lethargic for  hours now vomited a lot on friday night but hasnt vomited since. ideas? hardly eating. he vomited twice friday night pretty much pushing everything out. he has been waking up during the night sporadically and whines like he is hungry or in pain. we give hime soymilk due to diaherrea when he drinks regular milk. he has laid around since saturday morning has no energy anddoesnt seem interested in food very much. i know it is mostly out of comfort but we have to be holding him /. neither my wife nor i have slept much since this began.
what all does it covers i have the blue cross silver plan thats we pay also got a letter saying i have medicaid
why do kids get so many colds?
i have been diagnosed with polymyalgia rheumatica symptoms and pain persist even on meds
what are the best vitamins for a pregnant woman?
when does  % free bonus for  and their other product begin? . as the best runescape gold site there is no doubt that it is your best choice to buy cheapest rs gold along with -minute delivery here. during the activity time you will be offered % free bonus for rs  gold  gold osrs deadman gold & ds gold on . .  spring promo will start at : a. m. gmt on feb.  and end at : a. m. gmt on feb.  . . never miss % off code bestday to cheap  from <link> (. -. . )
four days vomiting and nausea then woke up and my face is very swollen around eyes with headache. traveling home from california back to oregon and i started getting sick continued to vomit for the next  it is now day  still can't keep anything down but water. i've had a very bad headache for two days and yesterday when i woke up my face was very swollen mostly under my eyes. i still have nausea and have not had anything but water. i have not had a bowl movement for four days. have been running a low grade temp from .  to . .
how many days after having unprotected sex can sperm stay in your vagina? not sure when i got pregnant. my last lmp was / cycle was about  days. i had unprotected sex on / / what day might i have gotten pregnant i am confused please help.
does exercise ( hr of yoga and  to  min on eliptical - times a week) prevent ovulation and/or fertilization?
i had acute myocarditis taking azythromicin worried about heart stopping side effect
can you get still get allergies even if you don't have tonsils? . i got my tonsils removed when i was younger but this year i've been sneezing a lot when the seasons change.
how does the doctor know if i have walking pneumonia?
my cell phone caught fire and i was exposed to chemical fumes?
i had heart issue – paroxysmal atrial tachycardia which was solved with cardiac catheter ablation now not feeling well?
my  year old son has ringworm and its spreading. what do i put on it? how long does it take to go away?
does chlorophyl help hair loss and fertility
i am (suffering) pain on left side of my chest?
i'm taking omeprazole  mg and norvasc  mg. can i take zantac with them?
has qualifying for medicare or medicaid become easier for those aged -?
i've been sick for  weeks with what the doctors say is a viral infection but i'm getting worse not better. normal? . it started with normal cold like symptoms which was ok. i made it through about two weeks of that just fine and was getting better. i was late picking up my narcolepsy medications (aderrall) and went through about  days of withdrawal which i'm sure made my immune system crash. i got my medication back but became seriously ill with what the doctors told me was a sinus infection. i concur. severe sinus pressure hacking wet cough dyspnea . . . to be continued
discolored penis skin. . okay so my penis skin is light colored around the head and a tan color the rest of the way down. recently i noticed that the tan skin has come up on the right side in a yellowish color all the way to the head. what could it be? i see nothing right now. but could it be warts forming? help.
can i smoke while taking zyban?
who is at risk for psoriatic arthritis?
is it true that exercise is not beneficial to really heavy people until they lose weight and get their metabolism going?
my boyfriend and i have as genotype advise how to avoid having sickle-cell disease babies?
late period. i'm  on a product called herbalife to lose weight i'm more active than ive been before was suppose to start my period this month but haven't. took a pregnancy test to make sure i wasnt pregnant it came up neg. i do feel bloated and cramping but no period. why? kinda freaks me out
i retired at  and my deductible is high am i gonna get any releif
brown spotting only on depo for  had sex  after the shot can i get pregnant?
what is a hernia?
what do you do about looking younger if you can't afford the expensive lotions and creams?
dark purple spot on breast
i have lost  in  months with no exercise and horrible diet. vomit every day. headache constantly. fatigue. weakness?
please suggest some exercise and supplement for weak bones.
what otc pain medicines are safe to use with amlodipine besylate taken for high blood pressure?
i am pregnant and have terrible heartburn. is there anything i can do to get relief?
can a breathing treatment given before a chest x-ray hide lung cancer?
what kinds of healthy foods should i eat to gain weight?
do pregnancy symptoms come and go or fade away during your first trimester?
could i be pregnant? i havent had my period since jan . and its march .
is it ok to take atarax for poison ivy?
every time i wake up or lay down i get severe headaches on the back of my head and severe nausea. help? . recently started waking up with excrutiating headaches in the back of the head. vomiting and nausea does occur. it is almost every time i sleep or lay down. i am borderline diabetic with poly cystic ovarian syndrome. this pain is almost debilitating i am only  yr a bit over weight but other than that healthy.
what mental changes can i make to help me lose weight more effectively?
does your spouses doctor have to inform you that your spouse has an std other than hiv? . my spouse and i share the same primary care md he knows about my husbands affairs and he's prescribed antibiotics to him more than once.
my wife is pregnant for  months now but she doesn't wanna have sex with me what should i do? cheat or wait? . she keeps making excuses and say im not in the mood of sex im tired and more. what should i do?
what cream is best for hives on children. on the genitals
a friend that has had merca in the past i had a double hip replacement can i be infected thru intercourse or kissing
i'm a  year old female. ever since i was little i get intense chest pain to where i can't breathe. doctor or no? . when i get these chest pains i have to breathe very slowly and stop moving. it's a sharp shooting pain.
can i bring my  year old father who has stage iv copd to denver where the altitude is  feet. i would like my dad to come live his last days out with me. i certainly don't want to be the cause of his death but he is miserable where he is. is it worth the risk? we have an excellent oxygen concentrator that gives him a good pulse burst and he does breathing treatments. he wouldn't have to do anything that would cause over exertion. is it worth the risk?
i have abdominal pains legs are numb and weak can you help me
can you get pregnant during your break week on birth control pills
what happens if you a fever during concussion?
i am man is it possible for me to treat my body like its going through pregnancy i want to find out how that feels like? . hello i being loving seeing the beautiful and sexy body of a pregnant woman and i all ways want to know what it feels like to be pregnant and i like to do stuff to my body to see i can experience what a pregnant woman goes through during pregnancy
what surgery options do i have for human immunodeficiency virus hiv infection?
im a -year-old male. recently i have noticed little bumps and white patches growing on my nose. what are they?
i'm on the depo shot but missed my shot  ago can i still get my shot and be ok?
how should fever or inflammation be treated in kids?
i just ate undercooked chicken at a restaurant what should i do? . the chicken breast was half cooked and half raw
pain in head neck left arm and lower back xray shows degeneration here are my mri results?
lately i have had pain towards the end of my urination & after i am finished. i also have to urinate more. possible uti?
our baby is  weeks old. had bronchiolitis and therapy screams but we dont know why?
i never had strep in  years until i got married  years ago. i have had it  times in  years. why?
can i get too many vitamins? if so what can happen?
what symptoms indicate a child might have asthma?
"on birth control for  yrs never missed period barely spotted last time two negative pregnancy tests whats wrong? . i have never been pregnant and am not showing any of the ""typical"" signs of pregnancy to indicate that i am. i have not made any drastic changes to my exercise or eating habits nor have i been very stressed. could something serious be wrong or do i just need to be patient and see what happens when i am due for my next period?"
dry chapped penile skin - help! . my wife and i are big skiers so we are outdoors a lot in the winter and my skin gets really dry from the cold. i use a moisturizer for my body but even my penis skin gets dry and cracked. anything i should know about using a penis moisturizing creme?
what is the cure for blood clots in the lungs? . my sister has had pneumonia multiple times over the last  months. she was diagnosed today with blood clots in both lungs. also she has a dark spot on her right lung? she has not went through any surgery or had and wounds so the blood clots would not be related to that. what is the cure for getting rid of the blood clots?
what causes prostate cancer?
what is a good otc hormone treatment therapy?
when should a new mom seek professional treatment for postpartum depression?
"at the age of  is it common to ""fall apart""? . the chief medical officer in the army told me i had been born with a condition in which my sarcral joint was made of cartlage instead of bone. i herniated /. for months i have had knee pain and dismissed it as possible arthritis however recently i started having neck pain that radiates down over the left shoulder preventing me from full neck motion. after about a week the pain subsided and now i'm having knee pain again on the interior side of the right leg."
should i be concerned about getting a tattoo if im taking any certain medications?
stabbing pain under rib cage. stabbing pains right side under my ribs for several weeks started in july ct scan normal. i eat healthy now it is accompanied with awful nausea and vomiting. the nausea is constant i have vomited  times in  weeks (not pregnant) i have been to so many doctors and they are really not sure what is wrong. all of the tests have came back normal ct scan with contrast blood work xrays ultrasound of gallbladder and hida scan. for the hida scan gallbladder and small bowels normal and ef %
can vibrators and sex toys spread hepatitis?
what is the best medicine for anxiety that doesn't make you gain weight?
can cataracts return? . i had cataract surgery  years go. at my last exam the dr said they were growing back. is this possible or is there another cause for my blurry vision?
my  yr old has been coughing over  months. been to dr  times; antobiotics cough syrup. no sleep. what should i do? . she will be  end of december. weighs about  pounds. coughs % of the day. irritating for her and even those around her. cant go to sleep and when she finally does she wakes up several times during the night. been on  antibiotics for sinus infection in past - months. been through  prescription cough syrups as well as  otc cough medicines two of which are all natural (honey). also placed on singulair which didnt do anything.
i have strep throat but when i put anything in my mouth even water it burns. is that normal with strep? . i was told i have a relatively severe case of strep throat when i went to the er yesterday. over the last  days i've been unable to drink or eat because my tonsils have been so swollen it's been too painful to try to swallow. now that i received a steroid shot and started taking antibiotics my tonsils have started to shrink but i'm faced with a new problem. my whole mouth burns terribly when i try to put anything in it even water. it feels like i'm missing a layer of tissue. is that normal?
how contagious is 'mumps' if you've had your mmr vaccination? . i have  grandchild out of  that has developed mumps. he has had his mmr. is it safe to have him and his siblings over with the other family members?
my skin is scaly especially with shaving. it is also becomes very dry from sun. is there a cream that can help this?
is it safe to take acai berry supplements with accupril metoprolol tartrate cardizem cd lipitor plavix and aspirin?
what can i do about head lice?
i have white fluid draining from my penis and it burns. the burn is worse when i urinate.
what is causing the calf muscle pain that happens only when i stand up i am currently up to six days of watery diarrhea? . the pain is specifically in the posterior region of my calf. it started out at the top of my calf muscle and all the way down to my ankle. but currently it is at the inferior part of my leg and goes down to the top part of my ankle. it is like a throbbing pain as i stand up. it is like when the circulation comes back and it hurts. when i feel the area it hurts when i lay back down it doesn't hurt as much. this all started with my diarrhea.
 year old male had stroke on right side of brainnow another stroke?
my husband has had a fever and a cough for over  now. not pneumonia (had xray  days ago) what could it be? . his fever ranges between -. he is coughing up lots of mucous but doesn't feel any sinus congestion (no runny nose). he has been on an antibiotic for  now. he says it is helping a little but it's not taking care of the fever or cough just making the mucous less green. he had a chest x-ray  ago but it didn't show pnumonia should he be x-rayed again? he is also very pale in color as well as is experiencing dizziness headache and nausea. had a cbc blood work came back normal.
does heredity affect my quality of sleep?
i am withdrawing from heroin should i go to the er
my  year old son has blood protein and ketone in urine what to do next?
i am struggling with stretch marks my skin is horribly damaged?
my husband has had bad diarrehea for week now bloody for the first  days and now again today. what could it be?
my mother in law has been ill for a month today. feeling very tired. loss of appetite?
adult on amoxicillian for ear infection how long till the ear pops and hearing returns completly?
why is there pain at my gooch after peeing? . im  never had sex. this have been happening for maybe more than  yr. the occurrence of pain after urinating only happen a few months once. (like - months once). im freaking out now cuz it happens again i'm afraid of cancer. urinating frequency increase cuz im always in a cold room but before this for the past  year urination is normal to me. i don't pee at school(don't have the urge). today i woke up there's mild pain at my upper right ass below the waist when i walk/stretch my body.
is drinking a bottle of water too quickly bad for you? . hello . back in my high school days my friends and i went through a phase where we would try to (competitively) drink a whole bottle of water. basically a full chug of a .  fl oz's of water in about  seconds. this was going on about  times a week for a month. my questions are: can this behavior be damaging for the gi system? would it be possible to get water intoxication not from a quantity of water but simply the rate at which it was consumed? . thank you for your time!
i had a lung collapse and a severe asthma reaction  years later relapse with asthmatic exasperation?
mammogram indicates a benign breast lump but now other lumps have appeared?
how can i make sure that im not taking too many medications?
what is swine flu (novel  influenza a swine flu)?
my lips are unable to moisturize themselves hbs rvs and mp test what next?
will my baby's feeding schedule change when on a baby bottle?
can liver cancer kill you
my father is suffering from parkison how can be my father treated? is this parkison pass on from father to daughter?
what kinds of medications affect sperm counts? . my boyfriend is taking lisinopril metformin tramadol naproxen hydrochlorothiazide ferrous sulfate diltiazem hcl and furosemide.
i take zyrtec every day. if i skip a day i feel terrible headache. is this normal?
i have night sweats dizziness nausea and shortness of breath?
my husband experiencing intense foul smelling night sweats?
i bought some rogaine and it says to only apply to the top of the scalp. why is that?
i pulled out a tampon and pulled out a tube from my vagina when i did? . it doesn't hurt or anything but is this bad? is there any way to push it back into my vagina?
can iron pills enlarge a woman's uterous?
how soon after conception will your period stop? . i had sex the day before i started my period at the end of november/beginning of december. now i'm  days late for my next period that was supposed to start on jan. . is that normal if i'm pregnant?
marathon runner woke up with extreme nausea (vomitted) extreme stomach pain?
whats the best sleep medicine to ask my dr about? . i have a few health problems heart diease fibramialga bulgded disc rls i dont sleep but maybe - hrs a night. i'm just about to my ropes end. can you give me some info please. . .
what is the difference between norco   and lortab  
stage  throat and neck cancer undergoing chemo and radiotherapy need second opinion?
i had a minor heart attack/myocardial infarction?
are hives contagious?
why do some states require doctor's orders for a blood test while others do not? . i currently live in a state (in the u. s. ) where doctor's orders are required in order to get a blood test even if you're willing to cover the entire cost of the test yourself. in a couple of months i'll be moving to a different state where you can literally walk into a clinic and get a blood test without consultation of any kind. is there an ongoing debate about restricting blood tests and why might state governments want to restrict them?
"painful intercourse. the pain i am experiencing w/ intercourse is not a matter of lubricant i do not feel pain with oral or hand use it is only when the actual act is being done. it is as if there is a wall preventing entry / of the way in. it is painful feels like a muscle block. my partner feels it is emotional or in my head. i. e. a feeling of concern of if this relationship is real or will last and he feels when i feel more trusting i will be able to ""open"" up. ."
i have a lot of sun damage on my neck. would it be better to do a chemical peel or laser resurfacing?
i have on going dull knee pains for over two years?
is a brain hemorrhage a stroke? . and can either one of them cause dementia?
i was born with one kidney and tested slightly positive for hsv-?
for the last month i have had pain on both sides of my ribs on the back side?
i had a hida scan last week my doctor wants to remove gallbladder need second opinion?
girlfriend missed a birth control pill  days before we had sex pregnant? . my girlfriend miss a bc pill five days before we had sex but doubled up the next day it was unprotected and i ejaculated a little bit right as i was pulling out but mainly after i pulled out. i always try and be super careful and feel absolutely horrible about it. we decided the next day that she should take a morning after pill just in case so she took one right around  hrs after it happened. also when she isn't on bc she doesn't have regular periods and i have a varicocele. is she pregnant?
i went to an ent who put the thing used to look inside my ears too deeply inside them and they still hurt  days later. it was very painful at the time and i wish after the first ear i'd said something. this makes me very scared that the pain won't go away as i initially went to the doctor because my ears were getting more sensitive to certain frequencies and ringing but not in physical pain (which is now added). i just need to know if this is something that will go away in time.
ear ache continues for weeks after ear infection & antibiotics episode. my son had an ear infection first week of july . his pediatrician prescribed antibiotics (ear drops). after a week or so the swelling came down and my son was fine. we still ensured that the antibiotics is used for the entire prescribed period. however ever since that infection episode my son has been complaining of ear ache if something presses the ears - like helmet etc. it doesn't pain all the time only when it is pressed.
have a  authistic who often put stuffs in his ears. mostly torn paper pcs. he moves and we cant take it out. we have a  year old autistic who often put stuffs in his ears. mostly torn paper pieces. its very difficult to remove it with pullers carefully because he moves his head around knowing we are doing stuffs in his ears and like as if he doesn't want it removed. this time however its impossible for us to remove it its a plastic bead slightly squeezed in a choke point in the ear canal. his autism is mild to severe that he still doesn't talk or understand anything and we don't know what to do.
what is shadowing by people with dementia?
what is the most common month durring pregnancy can you feel the baby move? . i just found out a few weeks ago that i am pregnant and i already feel it moving and can feel it by touch. i let my mom feel my stomach and she said there is no mistaking it being what it is. how far long could i be?
i am  weeks pregnant and i think i have a severe kidney infection?
under health reform can insurers charge more based on age?
pain in knee hip right leg. need key-hole surgery?
what can i do to ease teething pain?
what is dementia?
have lump on gums that doesnt go away stays full of pus stays red and swollen can be painful what is this?
i am on ssd for ra and neuropathy and am not covered by ss insurance until may or june of . . what do i do for health insurance in the meantime? i live in florida.
can an infected ingrown toenail cause diarrhea? i've had it off and on for  days. i feel fine after using the restroom. i have had an ingrown toenail that i believe to now be infected for a few days. i am going to see a doctor tomorrow. my diarrhea started yesterday in the morning where i had a bad stomach ache. after using the restroom i felt like nothing happened i was totally fine. about  hours later i felt the same problem a bad stomach ache. again after using the restroom i was fine. today it's happened twice in a closer time period about  hours. could it be this infection or maybe something i ate?
my  month old will not eat solids. she is still breastfeed but should i be worried about her not getting enough iron. my  month old is very picky and does not like the texture of many foods. she will only eat cheeriors crackers or hard breadsticks. she is still breastfeeding but i am worried she is not getting enough iron since her solid food intake is minimal. i've tired iron fortified baby cereal but she will not eat that either. . should i be worried what can i do?
what are some tips for getting pregnant faster?
is this contact dermatitis i need second opinion?
my frenulum tore so i decided to cut it off?
what antibiotic should i take for travelers' diarrhea?
in a lot of pain. i get to the point were standing up is a problem and laying in bed is extremely uncomfortable?
givin imodium  getting diarrhea for a month(from clindamycin)? worried is might be c-diff. should i get  opinion? . i was prescribed clindamycin for a sore in ear that would not heal. after a few days got severe diarrhea. continued a few days thinking it was just a side effect. didnt ease up so did my homework and saw the dangers clindamycin can cause so quit taking it. almost  weeks later still have severe constant diarrhea. went to dr and all she did was told me to take imodium. worried it could be c-diff? heard imodium is bad for that. should i get a second opinion or try imodium for a few days?
im on medicare and ssd do i need affordable care act
can a uti cause bumps/sores near your vagina? . i recently went to the doctors for a uti and the doctor gave me an antibiotic after taking the antibiotic i got what looked like to be an infected hair on the inside wall of my vagina it seems like every i urinate there is a new bump/sore on the walls of my vagina. none of them are in clusters they are all spread apart and there is only one on my perineum near my vagina. is it possible that the bacteria coming out of my urine from the uti is causing me to get infected hairs?
our health insurance ppo policy was canceled and the cheapest policy on obamacare for our family is $/month more. . this will raise our bill from $ to $ for my husband and me. we cannot afford this increase. we barely squeeze by as it is. i contacted our state health exchange and was told we do not qualify for a fee reduction based on our income.
how are cortisone injections of a joint given?
can anti-depressants cause sexual dysfunction?
can toxoplasmosis develop into a more serious illness in babies?
i was sick this past weekend and i am  weeks pregnant with strep throat does this affect the baby? . i am just wondering cause i dropped for  and half pounds this can not be good for the baby and usually i feel the baby move once in a while being this is my fourth baby.
average time it takes a person to regain smell and taste after a sinus infection? . i have done inhaling steam warm saltwater up my nose taken over the counter decongestants warm rag over my face the whole nine yards it's been four days so far and nothing has helped this is the longest i've ever been without smelling or tasting
will drinking green tea help you lose weight?
how does naturaly produce cholesterol of the body differ from cholesterol in dietary foods?
i have a nasal cyst which is caused by my teeth i cant really breath?
had a partial hystorecromy  years ago. right ovary left now cannot be found. causing pain. should i have it removed. the ovary is not producing the hormones i need. i  take depression meds but i suffer from major depression all the time now. my back hurt on the same side my ovary is but  ultrasounds cannot find it. my doctor seems not concerned. he agreed on removing it. will this help my symptoms?
can tapeworms get in your ear
not able to achieve an erection even with ed drugs? . i am a  year old male currently taking testosterone injection for the last year to maintain an acceptable level. on no other medications. i am still not able to achieve an erection even with ed drugs. suggestions or advise on where to go.
my finger was infected with chicken excrement fingernail is falling off afraid finger will too?
i have a bulged disc in my back. lumbar region  and  i dont know what to do anymore?
how can i reduce the risk of contracting shingles when i am pregnant?
can i take hormone replacement therapy (hrt) tablets while having a contraception implant?
diagnosed with ibs that goes back and forth between diarrhea and constipation what should i eat and not eat?
i am a  male and i have been diagnosed with depression and anxiety am i taking the wrong meds?
does yogurt lessen side effects of macrobid?
what is sucralfate and what is the best way to use it?
i had carpal tunnel syndrome surgery still feel numbness?
my finger was infected with chicken excrement fingernail is falling off afraid finger will too?
what are the two major categories of medicines?
can you pass a urine test by using alka seltzer? ( baking soda)
can you drink wine  hours after getting the flu vaccine?
i have found a large hard lump on the right side of my groin?
how to confirm depression?
is there any otc medication for water retention due to high blood pressure?
what's the difference between the fat-burning mode and the cardio mode on the machines at the gym?
what are the side effects of taking a proton-pump inhibitor for a long time?
my husband experiencing intense foul smelling night sweats?
how is a sinus infection treated?
pregnant and experiencing shingles-like rash and side abdominal pain. am i making a mistake by trying to wait this out? . the rash appeared a day or two after the pain in my side (which is similar to bladder infection but not as severe in pain level) the rash itself has small un-open blister like bumps and is very itchy and burns it is on my left side towards my back and has not spread. my husbands aunt (nurse) and said it looks just like shingles but the rash has not spread and is not necessarily paintful. kind of worried because i'm  months pregnant and just not sure if i'm making a mistake by not going in?
my mom and her sisters had pelvic organ prolapse; can i do anything to prevent it happening to me?
i can see white patches and a big red patch with a white spot on it in my mouth?
is appendix removed in colon resection?
what foods are good to eat when you have hyperthyroidism? what foods should i avoid?
what exercises can i do after  spine surgeries and in constant pain
how can i get started exercising with fibromyalgia?
can a  supplement taken with an antidepressant cause severe gas pains?
after having my appendix removed how long should it be until i have the staples from the surgery removed. (on the intestine/inside)
do diet pills interact with depression and bipolar meds such as wellbutrin and geodon?
what can i do to treat bacterial vaginosis at home?
does oat bran contains gluten? is it ok to eat it if i have celiac sprue?
my wife is not eating without medical insurance will likely end up dead?
i have a mole that has turned darker and is surrounded by dry skin. i picked at it now it has a scab should i worry?
diagnosed with thyroid disease mvp chf and told my body is unable to utilize the  taken in can you explain? . i am not one to just treat the symptoms i want to get to the cause of the problem and fix it if possible i just don't know where to start metabolic heart or lungs? the chf is stage c symptoms are fatigue sob heaviness/pressure l chest & arm nausea/indigestion mental fog dizziness intolerant to temp insomnia even with the bipap for sleap apnea wt gain  lbs edema l ft hand abd face unable to recline dysrhythmias elevated bpat times elevated pulmonary pressure.
i am sunburned on various areas of my body taken benadryl with no results yet?
will thc show in a urine screening where they are checking for bacteria? . if you are in a moving vehicle with the windows down and someone is smoking marijuana can it show in your urine test?
how is celiac disease diagnosed?
can i get my partner pregnant when we have unprotected sex (but i pulled out) on her supposed ovulation day? . we just use and online ovulation calculator to determine her supposed ovulation day. i also ejaculated the day before we had sex and the morning before we had sex (through masturbation). i also urinated before having sex. i suppose urinating clears out any sperm remaining from previous ejaculations and ejaculations few hours to a day prior to intercourse temporarily but significantly drop my sperm count. i ejaculated outside her a good  to  seconds after pulling out. need an md opinion.
i had  previous discectomy operations i am currently in severe pain in my lower back?
either mr angio or ct angio which will show brain aneurysm clearly?
twenty years old with shingles? . i am only twenty years old and i have been diagnosed with shingles. i feel like its spreading fast. i am really worried and im not really sure what to do. the doctor was really short with me and said theres nothing to do but let it take its course. if anyone could help me out that would be great! . -thanks.
can too much vitamin b and folic acid be detrimental to weight loss? . i am  and trying to lose weight. i take a multivitamin but to try and help my metabolism i'm taking folic acid daily plus i alternately take vitamin  and . i exercise and eat right but am not losing. a few years ago i was only taking a multivitamin along with green tea tablets and lost a lot of weight. my husband suggested that now i may be taking too much of the other supplements. could he be right? could i be getting all i need of these in my multivitamin?
protein supplement. hello . i am a teenager and i am  years old. i would like your professional opinion about starting a protein supplement at this age? i was thinking to start a supplement in order to consume more protein to achieve a muscle growth.
how do you know what the best exercise routine is? . i have had bariatric bypass surgery in . i went from  to  and have a lot of access skin. i also have fibromyalgia and arthritis that is not able to be controlled at the present time. it is my desire to run a mini-marathon but i do not even know where to begin on setting myself on the proper program. i do not have the money to go to a trainer so need some direction please. thank you . vicki
what are the symptoms of advanced prostate cancer?
could delayed periods be a sign of early onset of menopause?
i woke up this am with a sore throat after just ending antibiotics this past monday for strep throat. is it returning? . i went into urgent care on saturday the  got put on antibiotics for ten days. ended on monday the  of this month. woke up this morning with a sore throat.
where does shingles appear. what parts of the body i think i might have again in a different place center of back at bra line
i have major headaches painful throat excessive saliva?
can you get secondhand smoke from marijuana and fail a drug test?
i have petechiae spontaniously appearing on my thighs and calves need second medical opinion?
ive been waking up with horrible headaches and a cold icy almost like a brain freeze?
no sleep for two weeks chronice pain weight loss uti extreme anxiety no appetite uneasy vision issues faint. no sleep  weeks stress triggers. weight loss i have chronic body pain i have a uti now i cannot eat i can't relax i am startled nervous dry skin brittle hair joint pain dizziness fatigue vision goes in and out can concentrate high blood pressure. my xanax is not even working. i did get diagnosed with ptsd in april   due to almost being killed by me ex. anniversary dates are hard but my parents are unsupportive lately and have hurt me greatly. i am totally exhausted.
i have mild nausea body aches and headache but no fever
i was diagnosed with crohns when anemic i have staph infections?
i have an upper hernia i can usually push it back in but it pops right back out?
i was diagnosed with pneumonia and sepsis cough is not getting any better?
what results from not getting to a hospital for five days after breaking a radius and ulna
i have shingles and was with my daughter who just found out she is pregnant. is there a danger to the fetus
do i have to enroll in health insurance now if i currently have commonwealth care (network health plan)? . my son has masshealth/family assistants (network health plan). my husband has medicaid with united healthcare (he is disabled).
"back in the day hmo and ppo were ""it"". they're back. . what about hno (health network option) -- is that either hmo or ppo or neither and would it work as health insurance coverage under the aca or are things like aflac not acceptable as coverage?"
what's the best way to manage acid reflux also known as gerd?
my stomach has been swelling and bulging and even making movement as if a babys inside of me but im not pregnant. so for about a month now my stomach has really been bugging me its more so on my left side in my abdomen. randomly it will get swollen and it seems as if whatever is getting swollen is even moving around. im pooping normally it seems like releasing gas kind of makes it feel better but it doesnt resolve anything. it feels like a baby is moving around inside of me on my left side but im not pregnant i have had my blood and urine tested a couple of times over the past couple months.
how long does it take to get yaz out of your system?
what increases the risk of getting hair loss?
can i get the shingles vaccine if i have a cold?
is there a way to increase my calcium intake without drinking milk?
i dropped a birth control pill and immediately took the next pill. once i get to my placebo pills should i skip one?
if i think i have been exposed to hiv how long should i wait before being tested to get an accurate result?
why do the new recommendations call for routine mammograms every two years instead of every year?
my son is  years old and weighs  pounds and urinates a lot what does this mean?
what is the best thing for itching skin?
do vegetarians have more or fewer cavities because they dont eat meat?
what can i do to keep from farting so much?
what are north carolina's insurance plans for people in there 's with very limit or no income?
my husband was diagnosed with genital herpes type . does that confirm he has another sex partner?
do darker sunglasses provide more protection for the eyes than sunglasses that are less tinted?
what's the best over-the-counter treatment for an upset stomach?
what are the nonmedical causes of hair loss in children?
"my dad has stage  colon cancer with mets to the liver. he stopped chemo  mo ago. now having severe constipation prob. he quit chemo because his body couldnt take it anymore. my dad was taking milk of mag for  years as well as  stool softners a day! . his major complaint is a constant ""urge to have a bm"" and severe cramping all the time! we have recently started on miralax. he was taking a capfull a night. then he got diareah. we backed off. we just started taking the miralax every  day. we just started that last night. he is on a huge dose of pain meds but he has been on the same meds for  years. help!"
hi have small spots on face around nose and forehead area. they are really small. how do i get rid of it? . it is littered around my forehead and nose area. any help would be appreciated. thanks. they are the same colour as my skin.
i've just been diagnosed with shingles. should i avoid events where infants will be present or not have direct contact?
how can hyperthyroidism be prevented?
when your lips turn blue and around your mouth turns blue is that high blood pressure?
my daughter has a ring around her iris is it a kayser-freischer ring?
i cannot remember old things as well as things ive done three days ago.
how can i tell if my tubes came untied? they were tied  years ago and i need to know how to tell. i had very heavy periods twice monthly for  years and now they have stopped. i am having all the classical signs of pregnancy yet still coming up negative when taking a test. my monthly ended april  and none since then. my tubes were tied  years ago which i had a ceserian. how to get accurate info on if i may be pregnant?
i have lump on breast hospital refused to do the mammogram?
can insurance companies also charge an individual more if they have a pre-existing condition?
should my child's cholesterol be checked?
idid a transvaginal examination with unusual results? i m afraid of not getting pregnant in the future.
what is the point of  shots. husband fractured femur now shots are ordered.
what type of food should be eaten if you have hemochromatosis
can bactrim be taken with bp medication. bactrim is generic for smz/tmp ds tab -
could i still have lyme disease? . i was diagnosed  yrs ago. i never found a tick bite so i'm not sure how long i had it before i started antibiotics. i've never felt the same. i'm still just as tired and constantly achy in my neck and back. i get terrible headaches that last days. i get sharp pains in my arms all the time. i randomly get dizzy and i've fainted a several times. a year ago someone said it's allergies so i tried allergy medicines and just got sicker. in sept. i had mono. i'm  and i still feel like i'm dying!
how long does diabetic medication take to start working?
how do we maximize our chances of becoming pregnant?
how does one go about getting a health insurance plan from the marketplaces?
i had a ct scan it showed i had colitis and a prominent reactive node  on the right side what is a node? . i had a ct scan it showed i had colitis and a prominent reactive node  on the right side what is a node? can this mean cancer? what s the different from a node to a polyp?
in severe pain in my lower back and legs had mri what does it mean what should i do?
my doctor has recommended tear duct fusion is it safe?
you asked: i've been using the withdrawal method effectively for a while can i have sex urinate and have sex again? . having sex a second time after an hour from the first time would it also be better to pee a second time to be sure there isn't any residual sperm left to cause a pregnancy?
i was told yesterday that my baby has no heart rate at  weeks and  days?
for - years i have had blood in my stools?
i am  years old. my periods are heavey and bright red is this part of menopause?
my job is causing anxiety and depression. our department may get shut down. i am on effexor and klonopin. what do i do?
" years old female & recently noticed that only my right tonsil is swollen. smoked for  months & quit  weeks ago. i observed the swollen tonsil about four days ago. i had partial nasal congestion and watery eyes prior to the discovery. today i developed an unproductive cough. i do not have a fever. i do not have difficulty breathing or swallowing. as i mentioned i did smoke cigarettes for around five months. i quit ""cold turkey"" almost two weeks ago. when i did smoke it was every couple of days. i do drink but not excessively. i cannot afford a doctor visit at the moment. what could this be?"
how to stop sole love addaction? . i'm  years old and i started to be addicted to sole love and smoking since i was  years old. i'm now marred and my sex drive libido is very low with my wife. but i'm still addicted to both sole love and smoking. while i was  i toke a testosterone supplement for five times.  i had schizophrenia. and after one year i went back normal. but after while i went to my psychiatrist and he advised me that i had bipolar mood disorder. please i really need your help
my daughter currently has a plan through health partners and recently found out that she is pregnant. the current plan doesn't cover labor and delivery. will she be able to increase her insurance coverage for that?
are there any heartburn medications that are safe to take during pregnancy?
can a pap smear tell if your pregnant'
is sudafed pe for sinus headache safe for pregnant women?
what is the best over-the-counter skin treatment to combat aging neck skin?
what are the symptoms of prostate cancer?
pain in left toes that traveled up leg and now my leg feels bruised to touch and knee swells daily and hurts
are there any foods or beverages that are beneficial for preventing wrinkles?
can a male alcoholic pass on the disease to fetus
i have chronic back pain neurosurgeon wants to do another decompression surgery?
i was recently in the er for a bad infection concerned about atrophic liver?
how do i calculate my target heart rate during aerobic exercise?
does it brings any benefits to my baby if i'm partially breastfeeding him?
is this contact dermatitis i need second opinion?
i have a middle ear infection doctor gave me a prescription for amoxicillin need second opinion?
i think i have herpes discoverd a big bump then little small bumbs by my vagina?
i had my gallbladder removed in april of  i am still having severe pain?
i was diagnosed with chlamydia and now with pelvic inflammatory disease (pid)?
what is the outlook (prognosis) for anemia?
i currently breastfeed my  month old and started my period. i thought it wouldnt start til i was done. is this normal?
is paracetamol is good for cat? . cat is suffering from vomiting and loose motion and its may be fever.
would it be pointless to visit a doctor years after contracting lyme disease? . i was bitten by a tick a few years ago and was left with the bullseye rash that signifies lyme disease but i didn't see a doctor because i didn't know about the disease. i've had some symptoms that i suppose could be related (wrist pain muscle aches trouble sleeping) but would it be worth going now that my symptoms are so vague?
im  with systemic lupus diabetes degeneritve disc disease. i never feel well and in pain always. any suggestions? . i have been taking vitamins everyday and trying to eat healthier yet still don't ever feel well.
i am currently unemployed. . my children and i currently have medicaid in a state where they have chosen not to accept the expansion of medicaid. what are we to do for health insurance coverage as myself and  of my children have severe chronic asthma allergies food allergies are pre-diabetic and have other health impaired issues (mental)?
what is the point of getting health insurance from the exchange since the tax penalty is so small? . i can't afford the monthly premiums any way.
how do i cure stress and anxiety. ive been extremely stressed out over the situation of a girl and ive even had some anxiety come from it. its been going on for a few months on and off more or less and i want to know how to make it stop
my husband wants me to have oral sex will i get sick if he comes in my mouth. i was physically and sexually abused as a child. my husband knows about this. he has asked if i would preform oral sex for him will i get sick if he comes in my mouth? are there germs that can also make me sick. when i was forced to do this as a child and my dad crammed his dick in my mouth and came i threw up and began to chock. i was also afraid that i would get pg.
type your question here. wife is  wks pregnant. (age )has a sore throat cough temp. of .  and voice sounds horse. cough is harsh and strong (like going to vomite) very warm to touch and she has stated baby isnt as active as normal.
are there vaccines available to prevent poison ivy?
female age  diagnosed with normocytic anemia what can cause this?
my wife is really considering gastric sleeve surgery in mexico is it safe?
does robitussin affect birth control pills? . i am on the birth control pill cryselle and i recently just started taking robitussin for my cold does this affect my birth control?
my  year old daughter was a micro-preemie. her health is perfect but her clitoris is abnormally large. what can we do? . should we have corrective surgery performed or is there specialist who can offer us some guidance?
i have type ii diabetes. what is the best form of exercise for my condition? . i take metformin twice a day and insulin in the evening. i would like a recommendation on a good exercise program especially since i have a busy and sometimes inconsistant schedule.
what's the best treatment for a cold?
does milk counter react with the depo shot?
finished my breast cancer treatment joints in my finger are red and swollen it wakes me up all night from painful numbness?
why does my body feel like a furnace when i am not running a fever? my boyfriend says i am hot to the touch.
are estrogen pills good for breast enhancement? . men take estrogen to grow breasts when they want to become transsexual. i am  and have never had firm breasts or large breasts. is estrogen a good method to restart breast growth naturally for me? i would like to grow to be a full c cup if not a small d cup.
i have a lump on my armpit it is growing and irritating?
my problem is dry eyes eye drops and tear duct plugs dont work need solution?
can you still breast feed with bacterial menengitis? while being treated?
should dogs get flu shots. some vet officers are posting get your dog his flu shots. some won't even do surgery on the dogs unless they have a flu shot first. do dogs really need flu shots?
i contracted a spinal infection and  operations later i have been left with a damaged spine?
how do i know if i have broken a bone? . i was cleaning out my closet and i dropped a  pound weight on my pinky toe
i have experienced permanent blurred light vision (over a year)?
lots of pregnancy symptoms but negative tests. am i pregnant? . nausea heartburn sensitive to smell emotional mmood swings breast tenderness strange appetite and a late period  months in a row. but  negative pregnancy tests.
why do i smell smoke and there is no smoke
will penicilen cure an uti?
im a man with somewhat oily skin. can you tell me about using abrasive skin scrubbers or loofahs to remove dead skin?
i have a horrible pain in my left side every time i orgasm?
why is my face especially my nose continually dry and peels? . i am a  year old female. i have moderate acne and my face in spots is always dry. my nose peels every single day. i slather on moisturizer and exfoliate and nothing seems to be helping. there will be some days where it isn't as bad but there is always dry/dead skin on my nose and occasionally in between my eyebrows and my chin. in the middle of the day my face will be oily. i can't seem to figure out why then my nose will be dry.
a friend recommended taking ibuprofen and an acetaminophen together for my back pain. is it ok to mix them?
i have had symptoms of hepatitis since september i have lived the past  months a distraught mess crying everyday?
can you travel on airplanes with a shortened cervix during pregnancy. my daughter will be flying at  pregnacy. she is traveling from nice france to omaha round trip in october. she will be  months pregnant at the time of the trips.
why do i hear my heartbeat in my ears whenever i get even slightly stressed? . whenever i get even slightly upset or stressed over something i can hear my heartbeating in my ears. what causes this and should i be worried?
is pure almond extract considered a food allergen? . i am a cake and cookie designer and i am creating allergen content labels for my vanilla almond cookies. i use pure almond extract. is this considered a food allergen?
do the  vaccines for children contain mercury?
total cholesterol  - hdl  - ldl n/a - tryglycerides  what is wrong? . my total cholesterol keeps going up. my hdl has always been high ldl low and triglycerides in range. the last few test my ldl has not registered. i take meds for high blood pressure. my doctor wants me to start taking a statins. i worried about the cholesterol but i don't want to take statins because of the side effects. any help please.
how can you avoid congestive heart failure?
is triamcinolone used to treat scabies
idid a transvaginal examination with unusual results? i m afraid of not getting pregnant in the future.
i have testicle pain what else could be wrong other then a std or any infection? . i have had full blood work including my thyroid and metabolites. i have had  urine cultures and  full panel std test including hiv. every test has said that there is no infection viruses or bacteria and my levels are normal. i have had testicle pain burning urination white discharge nausea burning in testicles and hips cold chills. i am not urinating more and it came back after taking zithromax   pill dose. i am all so constantly thirst but idk if related. what else might it be?
i can't maintain an erection at the time me and my partner are about to have sex. what could be the problem? . i'm still able to orgasm. . i just can't maintain an erection without continued stimulation. as soon as we are about to have sex i lose my erection.
what can you use on a bacon grease burn while you are pregnant?
should the boil form a yellowish film after drainage
is vitamin e safe to take if you have high blood pressure? . my doctor wants me to take  mgs. i have high blood pressure and am taking meds for that will i be okay to take this?
birth control shot
i have been experiencing sharp pain in the mid point of my back right next to my spine?
i am suffering from bells palsy from  days?
how do bacteria affect respiratory diseases?
i have alternating irritated and bloodshot eyes?
i noticed a burning sensation on my side the redness spread and turned red/purple and still spreading?
i have been getting these little red bumps over all of my body?
 after singing for  with a terrible sore throat my voice still sounds like i need to clear my throat. why? . hello. i have never had any problems with my voice untill i had a terrible cold with a sore troat and bad cough but had to sing regardless. after a  show my voice was trashed. it didn't recuperate over night like normal. in fact its been over a month and my voice is still raspy. now when i sing it's harder to controll my breathing and my lower range sounds like i need to clear my throat. my upper range still sounds ok but has a tendency to bend off pitch if i put much power behind it.
i have pain in my back and chest the pain is unbearable and i cant sleep?
i am  year old female within the last year my body heats up at night my skin feels so hot its only at night what is it. i am a  year old female healthy. in the last year at night my skin heats up so hot that my fiance cant sleep in the bed with me. i am cold though and i want a blanket. to the touch my skin feels so hot as if i had been sitting in the sun for an hour or so. i lower the ac to  i have a ceiling fan going and another fan going while i sleep yet i still heat up like a furnace. what could this mean? why is my body doing this?
if pregnant are abortion tablets safe?
do minor cuts and scrapes on kids need an antibiotic ointment?
is it absolutely necessary to use a toner after washing my face?
i was so hot in sex befor but now im so cold in sex. i used anti depression drugs. could this drug cause that?
my mouth just filled with dark red blood?
hi doctor the nails on my right hand seem to be clubbing and are in the early stages as in they increased curvature/size and slight flotation. however my left hand nails are perfectly fine as they been all my life. i am worried because i read online this can be a sign of lung cancer. please advise. thanks.
my husband woke up with pain all over pain intensity  on a scale of -
are my semen analysis results good enough to have a child?
doctor placed an intrathecal pain pump implant for dilaudid & baclofen is it justified?
my son is unemployed and not receiving any money. how can he get insurance under the new affordable care act? . he is  years old.
can i take a sleeping aid like unisom with oxyodine 
something sticking in my mouthim paranoid about cancer
i have had stiffness of the neck for  years now. i need a real solution?
i have colon cancer stage  i have abdomen pain mri of omentum and lesions of concern?
ear pain in my right ear
are there any natural remedies other than what i would hear a doctor say to reduce the size/appearance of keloid scars?
iud removed on /. cycle came /. only lasted  days which is not normal for me. could i actually be pregnant?
i'm on medicare can i also purchase one of the exchanges for additional insurance?
what is infertility?
i have experienced severe pain in both my knees feels like a sledge hammer coming down on my knees?
i have a constant pressure on my bladder?
kindly help us with an ayurveda remedy for severe menstrual pain.
what is the role of physical activity and exercise in obesity?
i started with fever throat pain getting worse worried my doctor not giving me right treatment
how can bipolar disorder be prevented?
can rapid weight loss cause hypoglycemia
how does exercise help new moms with rheumatoid arthritis?
can energy drinks hurt my  year old who has adhd and bicuspid aortic heart disease? . my son was diagnosed at  years old with adhd within  months he was diagnosed with bicuspid aortic heat disease. he has had problems in the past where his heart would be beating rapidly and he would lose consciousness and was made to wear a halter monitor for a month. they said it was anxiety and stress caused episodes.
can asthma drugs affect my baby if i'm pregnant?
my  test showed my number at .  can i improve my number with diet and exercise? i do not want to take medication
 days after  days of flagyl cipro treatment i am now suffering off and on loose stools for  days. when will it go away. i was given this medication for a possible bacterial diarreha. had terrible side effects throughout the first  days (they all started once i was done with the drug). now it has been  days i am done with treatment and i am having off and on lose stools. no more explosive diarreha and not more than twice a day. . what is the best way to improve this besides taking probiotics and when should i start having normal bowel movements?
i have a dry scaly looking rash on my arms neck and mid back. it is really itchy. . i have a dry scaly looking rash on my arms neck and mid back. it is really itchy. on my neck and arms it looks like white spots. on my back it is brown spots.
i have left side pain and urinate blood?
"i have bumps on my head that act like zits but are harder to pop. there is a hard white piece that comes out. what is it. so these bumps that are on my head are hard to pop but if i keep messing with them they eventually pop there are hard white pieces that come out. sometimes they act like zits and the whitish puss stuff comes out like any other zit. but anyways the hard white piece comes out and i had thought they were calcium deposits. the last one that i had popped a small round hard piece came out that looked like an onion. that it had layers of ""skin"" and was probably mush on the inside. what is it?"
i dislocated my elbow about  years ago. does having a damaged nerve contribute to how nervous you get? . i am in my mid . i don't think my nerve is actually damaged but when i lift weights my inner nerve tends to pop out of place with each repetition. the doctors i have met with recommend surgery to move my nerve more towards my bicep to keep it from popping out of place. my question is if this problem i have with my nerve actually contributes to my nervousness. i consider myself to get more nervous than the average person so i was wondering if this could possibly have anything to do with it.
"jelly"" around the lung. lung filled with fluid which they are draining but ct scan showed ""jelly"" around the lung and is in surgery now"
for the past  days i have had an intense pain in a specific spot- on the inside right below my right eyebrow?
what causes hypothyroidism?
my -year-old daughter is overweight. how can i help her lose weight?
lowering my testosterone. i recently went to the fertility doctor because i am trying to have a baby. she said my testosterone was very high for my age() which is why my weight fluctuant so much right now. what can i do to lower it some to where it is not so high?
accidentally taking  prenatal vitamins a day. hello . i swear the packaging on the beyer -a-day prenatal directed one to take  vitamins each day while pregnant. then i notice the bottle directs to only take one. i've been taking / day for a week. do i need to worry?
i was detected with the hbsag positive what should i do now?
is there something otc for low testosterone?
with the subsidies my cost of health insurance premiums should be below $ a month. . yet with $  in deductibles it doesn't sound like i can afford to go to the doctors even if i need to. doesn't it make more sense for me to just take the $ tax penalty and save $  premiums and out-of-pocket expenses of $ ? if i have to pay $  each year toward medical expenses i cannot afford to live in my home of  years.
i have sinus problems even when i get a cold my nose always remain dry?
what are pregnancy hormones?
how many bipolar disorders are there. because i'm studying on did which is one of them but i heard there was more?
what is the glycemic index?
what is atrophic vaginitis? . my mom's doctor has suggested we have our mom tested for atropic vaginitis. i would like to know exactly what that is. she gets symptoms of a uti frequently but the cultures usually come back very low for bacteria. she is  and has no sexual relations at this time. please let me know exactly what we are looking at.
my son is  years old. his skin is peeling. is it dangerous?
after getting another sinus infection i was diagnosed with walking pneumonia as a complication - is this normal?
i havent had a regular period in  years when i do have one i spot for a week prior to starting and large blood clots. i am turning  in march  i had my tubes tied  years ago with my after having my last child. i also am overweight.
is it okay to have sex if i have shingles?
im  and my penis is kinda small and it hasn't really grown much in a year and im worried.
is it ok to exercise with a cold? . i have a cold and i just started getting back into exercising. i have a lot of trouble sticking to my exercise plans but i've been doing well. now i have a cold and i skipped one day of exercise but i'm afraid to keep skipping exercise days. i usually just do the elliptical for - minutes  days a week. is it ok to work out with a cold or will i make the cold worse? i'm on about day  or  with the cold (i feel it mostly in my chest) and my colds usually last a couple of weeks.
i am having severe stabbing pain at the base of my neck on the left side also with pain in my shoulder. due to the severity of the pain (scale of - i'd call it an  or ) i am seriously thinking of going to the er. this started last night so i slept on my back took an ibuprofen  and took a super hot shower with my wifes super massage head to no avail. the pain has only gotten worse! please help
 year old stomach pain for  days rash off/on vomiting pale face. had urine and bloodtests came back normal. ultrasound of abdomen came back normal. was giving ibuprofen for pain but had been on it for too long monday will be two weeks and shes not getting any better. dr though it was strep and strep rash but that came back negative too. my daughter is miserable and i need advice! shes been to an urgent care center as well.
if someone is exposed to someone with shingles can that person become a carrier of the shingles virus? . my father has recently been exposed to someone that has been diagnosed with having shingles. since i have had shingles once already i would like to know if i should stay away from him if he is a carrier of the virus. if he is a carrier how long should i stay away from him?
when should you go to the hospital if you think you have pheumonia. i have a terrible fluid sounding cough but hardly cough up anything. i wheeze really bad most of the time and my lungs hurt. i have hep c and cirrhosis if that makes a difference. i live alone and i can't get in to a doctor before monday. i have cold chills and then sweat like crazy but don't seem to have a fever. nothing tastes good i have aheadache and i am sleeping out of pure exhaustion. can i wait? i almost died of pneumonia several years ago but it isn't that bad yet
my -month-old daughter just developed this sore/rash on her scalp?
when can i return to boxing after open heart surgery? . my friends and i spar together as a good form of exercise. i had my pulmonary valve replaced on the  of june.
can strengthening the muscles make a hernia go away?
what could be the reason for blurred vision following a hit on the eye?
suddenly my left leg is twice the size of my right leg i'm diabetic and have slept on my left side for appx  years
will my private health insurance premiums increase? i'm hearing conflicting stories. i hear yes if there aren't enough people enrolled. i hear no the law doesn't allow the premiums to increase but is that just for those enrolled using the exchange?
need help about pregnancy? plzz help plzzzz. are these symtoms? or i just feel so? . i have irregular periods. sometimes after - months somtym early sometimes late. my last period was on jan . and me&my bf we dint have intercourse. but he just rubbed his thing close to myhole. while his fingers wer inside me. an after that he fingerd me. and he had precum. and we did this on  feb . i want to know what are the chces of getin pregnant? its been  since then. i feel kinna pain in my lower abdomen tym after tym. i am burping feel pain on lower abdomen. i hv acidity bfr
i had a cyst removed today of the side of my face
migraine chronic i am asking for direction to expert help as clinic/specilist that i can contact past the neurologist. i am seeing neurologist have had wide range of meds plus botox relief over  hours seldom maybe three times. am i alone in constant migraine do others have this lets up times not gone? is there some specialists that will try to help this ongoing hour to hour day by day pain and loss of function? pain meds only make sleep possible not life functional. i lose sight in both eyes when it is worse the eyes sag and close physically. there is aura light hurts sounds hurts cannot be social even in family
stabbing feeling in upper buttock is it sciatica?
what causes carbon monoxide poisoning?
what happens if the pus from an abscess reaches the bloodstream? . i had an abscess in my right axilla. it was drained surgically because of how painful and big it was. i suddenly developed an unexplained rash in my arm. could this be from the drainage in the abscess?
my toe got blacker and its swollen i dont know what the problem is?
what is the best source for dark chocolate with the highest flavenoid content?
will the drug lexofloxacin test positive for opiates on a drug test. my friends sister is in a county ran sober living house and was given levofloxacin oral by a physician at this facility im not sure for what reason but she was given a random drug test one week before graduating and tested positive for opiates and is now in jail. so my question is will this drug test positive for opiates? thank you for your awaited answer.
will gabapentin show up in a urine drug test? . taking urine drug test and was just prescibed gabapentin
i have very severe abdominal pain right side from top (under rib cage) to bottom?
i tested positive for tuberculosis i have a dull ache in right testicle pain in lower abdominal?
why does my legs get numb from my back pain in the l- l- l- and s- region?
despite taking medicine for the past four years i am facing depression and anxiety. why?
ive had two flare ups where my stomach gets extremely extended?
child had been immunized for chickenpoks and came in contact with shingles virus during contagious stage can they get it. my child is scheduled for a surgery and has recently been exposed to the shingles virus during the open blister stage. obviously worried have pre-op this week but curious for answer prior to meeting with dr.
symptoms-stuffy nose head in a cloud coughing(rasping) bring up mucous so far  days. my wife picked it up gave it to me (the lil darling) she has had it for  days me only four. seems to have a persistent cough me not so much. does not seem like the usual cold.
i have or think i have bipolar disorder when should i contact my doctor?
i have been sick with over  degree fever for four days straight now?
how is hypothyroidism treated?
i have a mole on my cheek and i am very self conscious about it. is there any painless non surgical way to remove it? . quick easy cheap painless
id like to know can i take penicillin with allergy/cold medicine. i also take high blood presssure pills.
i'm due any day now. what changes should i make to my diet after i give birth and start breastfeeding?
orange period blood. i have orange period blood test was negative for infection and pregnant now i throw up every morning and my breast tender sleepy and milk coming out of my breast and my stomach been hurting and still don't know what wrong i going back to doctor on august  th for more test. why this going on? does anyone know can u please help me
hpv before sexually active? . i know that hpv can be spread from your mother during birth but my question is did that happen to me? so basically since i was really young i had a wart on my right thigh and as i got a bit older they started to grow on my right arm. my mother told me it was from resting my elbow and arm on my thigh and that contact spread them. but i also had one on my finger and down there. on my outer labia. but one year they all vanished randomly. could that have been hpv?
im + weeks pregnant have had multiple kidney and urine infections in pain?
my mother is  years old and taking medicines in large quantities i dont know what to do?
if i go to a dr and tell them i need to quit cocaine cold turkey will they call cops or force me into rehab or something. i just realized i let coke take over and went hard in the paint over the last  days. i need to quit no tapering just be done. but i know it will hurt in many different ways. if i go to a walk-in clinic or a dr will they call the cops or force me into rehab or something like that becausei cannot have either of those happen.
i am  days late no periods cramps but negative pregnancy test. could i be pregnant?
what new procedures are being considered for bags under the eyes?
can prostate cancer be transmitted through intercourse
i have moles and freckles and worry about getting skin cancer. should i see a doctor? i don't have health insurance.
am i pregnant? . so i gave my boyfriend a handjob and he precummed a tiny bit then fingered me. i'm scared that i could be pregnant and it keeps me up at night please help
how do you prevent the common cold?
i had protected sex the condom didn't break and he didn't ejaculate. i had protected sex the condom didn't break and he didn't ejaculate. i had just come off of my period the day before. i started bleeding that evening did not bleed at all the next day but did bleed some the next day. what does this mean? do i have anything to worry about?
how can i protect my nose from getting red and sunburned when i work outdoors?
are dental and vision care part of the health insurance provided by the exchanges?
what is zocor used for and are there any generic brand names for this medicine?
i had my tubes tied cut and burned can that be reversed. i want to have a baby again but my tubes were tied cut and burned can it be reversed so i can have another baby.
what happens when they remove a lung will a person have to be on oxgan all the time
im spitting blood and have strep throat is that normal
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of revital jell cups?
yeast infection in the rectum? . symptoms are: (dr. checked) very inflamed burning sensation hurts to have bowel movement some itching no discharge. have had yeast infection in the vagina before so want to know if you can get it in the rectum also? have had it for  weeks now and took antibiotics  weeks ago also. was checked for hemorrhoids and cleared of them.
"can alcoholism and alcohol poisoning lead to hypothyroidism? . a  year old male of mixed asian and caucasian descent has been confined to a wheelchair for almost two years. he had abused alcohol for  to  years prior and hospitalized twice for alcohol poisoning before the onset of the paralysis to his lower extremities. he has been seen by a stanford neurologist and undergone a number of mris with no definitive diagnosis. could he be suffering from the ""underdiagnosed"" condition more prevalent in asian males of thyrotoxic periodic paralysis?"
is there a blood test for ebola virus. is there a blood test for ebola virus
what is abnormal ekg. i just had ekg done and it's came abnormal what could be the cause
can i get strep throat while i am taking bactrim for a staph infection?
if  year old child has fever over  f and tachypnea and tachycardia should he go to er?
what are the symptoms of ulcerative colitis?
"are over the counter testosterone supplements effective? . i hear a lot of advertisements on the radio for over the counter male ""enhancement"" supplements that imply that they boost testosterone and sex drive cut belly fat etc. are they effective? is so-called low-t really at the epidemic levels that advertising suggests?"
i was prescribed norfloxacin for an upper respiratory bacterial infection was that a proper medication prescription?
what can cause a period to be late? . i'm  have always had regular periods and i am now  days late. i had protected sex  days ago. i have been under a lot of stress and not sleeping well. could i be pregnant. or what else could cause my period to be late?
is it ok to continue to use the cpap when you have the flu? . i assume there's a small amt. of moisture in your lungs when fighting the flu then your breathing in moisture during the night from the cpap.
i don't eat seafood. should i be taking omega  supplements/vitamins or should i get it from another source such as walnuts?
i have a nasal cyst which is caused by my teeth i cant really breath?
i had sex on a tuesday and started my period the following sunday. could i still be pregnant?
i have been having joint pain in my hands fingers balls of feet and toes. these areas feel sore stiff and swollen?
i was told my ongoing chest pain is not cardiac related need second opinion?
can you get sick from eating canned oysters that may be old. i had a can of oyster that i had for a while. it did not have an expiration date. i ate it anyway will i get sick from eating it?
what is aerobic exercise and what are its benefits?
how should diabetics take care of their dental health?
i have problem breathing and its progressing?
i was told i have reuthmoid arthritis all over my body. whats gonna happen to my body? will i still be able to work? . i am a . old woman construction worker who was told today that i have rheumatoid arthritis all over my body. what's gonna happen to me now? can i be treated for it? can i still work?  on my hand are crooked and i get pain in my legs.
i would appreciate advice on a drug regimen that will restore serotonin while dealing with short-term anxiety symptoms?
why does the back of my knee hurt? . a few weeks ago i took a side hit to the knee. yesterday when i went for a walk the back of my knee started to hurt. now any time i walk much i t starts hurting. it's like a aching pain.
is thrush contagious?
my mother has strep throat. i have a bit of a sore throat but i am not sure i am really sick. my mother came home from the doctor yesterday and found out that she has strep throat. i am experiencing a sore throat but a few days ago i went to the dentist and got something glued to my teeth that has been hurting my tongue very badly and i can not really talk. i don't know if it is because i am swallowing a lot of saliva or that i am really sick. i don't have a fever and it does not hurt when i touch my neck around my throat.
can a  week pregnant woman use an inhaler
after a positive pap for trichomoniasis why would a doctor give other tests? is the pap not accurate?
for eight years i haven't been able to sustain an erection. medication helped until three years ago. what can i do?
right now i have no insurance and patient assistance pays for my .  a month medication. how much will i have to pay for it on the silver plan?
pain starts in neck then burns shoulder and down arms please help what can i do to reduce the pain
"i have bumps on my head that act like zits but are harder to pop. there is a hard white piece that comes out. what is it. so these bumps that are on my head are hard to pop but if i keep messing with them they eventually pop there are hard white pieces that come out. sometimes they act like zits and the whitish puss stuff comes out like any other zit. but anyways the hard white piece comes out and i had thought they were calcium deposits. the last one that i had popped a small round hard piece came out that looked like an onion. that it had layers of ""skin"" and was probably mush on the inside. what is it?"
tip of the penis is itchy pain during urination and it feels as if it is leaking but no pus. i have never discussed this before but the symptoms are happening more and more. when i wake up and pee it is painful and feels like it is burning/razor blade sensation but not intolerable. when i shake it it seems to provide relief to the tip of my penis. i have seem a little skin peel but i ejaculate a lot. the questions is whether it is a sti or something less major. after urination it leaks or drains but to sign or pus or such. all places on my genital region are clean! what would it be?
pregnancy tests were negative but i passed blood clots. what could it be?
can you treat whooping cough with over-the-counter medications?
how much blood can you lose daily from rectal bleeding before you get other problems? ie. anemia fainting. i'm pretty sure i have ulcerative colitis but i'm still going through diagnosis with my dr. 's. i go to the bathroom approx.  times a day always with blood loss. sometimes it's not an actual bowel movement it's just a lot of blood dripping out. always bright red but with some clots if there's been any length of time between going. even just passing gas releases blood which i always try to be on the toliet for. at night there is quite a bit of leakage mucous blood and/or very loose stool.
should i be concerned about acinetobacter anitratus?
i have had my period for almost  weeks. not normal for me. no insurance. what can i do? . i have been having cramps more then usual. never had this happen before. i need answers
i take bupropion and i want to take nyquil for my cold. is that safe?
i developed breathing difficulties approx  years ago which have worsened daily since?
what would cause me to have diarrhea while i am asleep?
after about  minuts in my jacuzzi i became light headed and somewhat dizzy. what is causing this?
i have bad pain at the end of my left tisticle espicially when touched. causes slight pain over the last  weeks
half vinegar half alcohol mix for external ear infection while taking topical antibiotics. so i have been using ciprodex for  days and it has not worked for me. my ent doctor told me to try the / alcohol / vinegar mix. can i apply this mix alongside the antibiotic (at different hours)? . because the antibiotic ear drops is supposed to be used for - days and i'm still at my  day. thank you
how common is generalized anxiety disorder (gad)?
had sex on fertile days when should i check if pregnant?
what is the treatment for a head lice infestation (pediculosis)?
i have lower back dull pain on right side of spine close to -?
ok so my fiancé is pregnant and goes to high school and a job after. she's always fatigued. healthy for the baby or no? . she working extra hours to pay rent she's always tired and i'll and busy to the point spending time with me is almost to much we don't even go out on dates anymore
i suffer with headaches/migraines frequently
can a child play sports with a perferated eardrum. my son perferated his ear drum diving into a swimming pool and was diagnosed in the er. can he play basketball and baseball while it heals?
how do i know if my child has bottle rot in his mouth and how can it be prevented?
had total knee replacements i am not feeling good no energy depressed no appetite have lost weight?
what causes lupus? is lupus hereditary?
what are the health consequences of smoking cigarettes?
is numbness around fractured tailbone normal. i fell down the steps i fell on my tailbone really hard about  weeks ago now when i fell it was a burning feeling right on the bone i could not walk properly for a day or two i can walk and i am still getting bad sharp shocks if i move the wrong way and or pressure put on it it feels numb on the skin when i touch it i keep getting like a itchy tingly feeling if im on my feet for to long its still painfull when getting up from laying down or sitting have not been to doctors?
is there anything i can do/take to help heal my sore throat? . the right side of my throat has been swollen and sore for over  weeks. i went to the er they said it was just viral pharyngitis but did a strep test anyway and it came back negative. it started to get better but now today my throat is completely swollen (still only on the right side) like you can't even see the opening on that side and it's difficult for me to eat drink and to talk because of the pain and my words are all slurred. i've been taking  ibuprofen for pain every - hours.
i just found out i have herpes. how to tell someone you work with every day you may have given it to them?
how should i take emend for injection?
how can u tell if ur having a boy or girl? . one of my friends is pregnant and the baby doesnt want her to know do the sonogram so i thought i would ask yall
when i bend over clear fluid leaks out of my left nostril it happend last year but it stopped now it happend this week. i have a deviated septum and mucus is always in my throat witch i have to spit contently i am terrified it could be a csf leak i had a mri of the head and it came back clear now it dose not happen all the time i can bend down now and it wont happen it maybe happens twice or once every year right now i have headaches and head pressure on my nose and face and back of head with headaches im also dizzy saw ents and doctors and blood test all came back fine doctors think its anxiet coulditbeallergies
our  had  dose of benadryl in the earlier (did not work) how many hours must we wait to give him  cetirizine? . for two days prior we gave him single doses of claritin which did not work well. we tried one does of benadryl around lunch today and after a day outside his allergies are terrible at bedtime. would like to try certirizine (childrens). thanks in advance
i am  years old i need shingles vaccine but am i too young to have it?
some of friends noticed that i look thinner but i regularly check my weight and it's still at -. am i sick? . this concerns me a bit coz i somewhat feel that i look thinner than before but puzzles me at the same time coz of the same results that i get. what could possibly be the reason behind this? and can you please suggest a diet for me to gain more weight or hence not look thinner? thank you. a lot!
i have a pale clay looking stool with the consistency of caulk bloating and stomach pains. . i have not changed my diet or habits lately.
"c.  even doctors believed one could die from ""drinking cold water while overheated. "" any basis for this belief? . i work for our local historical society and recently organized a batch of death certificates c. . one person was listed as having died from ""drinking cold water while overheated. "" i know that this is an old-time folk belief in many cultures but did not realize that doctors had also subscribed to the idea. is there any physiological basis for this belief? thanks for any input."
what type of doctor treats tinnitus? please provide specialty name (ie. oncology)
my  /-year-old son displays adhd symptoms for  days then for  days he has none. is it adhd or another condition?
what foods have fiber without high sodium? . i am having trouble with eating enough fiber. i am also trying to cut the sodium out of my diet.
what is the difference between a class  and class  narcotic?
both feet swollen plus right wrist with itching skin. the swollen areas are hard and very painful. the rash is red but theyou are not sores just light red and a little puffy. no diet changes
how long does gastroenteritis last
what would cause sudden a sudden hot flash with cold sweats vomiting and a bloody nose episode lasted about five minutes
if an appendix ruptures how long would it take for sepsis to occur due to peritonitis?
can the liquid magnesium usually taken by mouth for constipation be applied topically for absorbing magnesium into body. citrate of magnesium in liquid form that is taken for relief of constipation can it be applied topically - like magnesium oil? for absorbing into body and helping with a-fib?
how can i tell if my child is depressed?
what is paresthesia?
does the female body kill sperm to keep it from entering the egg or does the sperm just die after so long? . the reason i'm asking is i had someone tell me that you can't get pregnant from sex you had before the mirena was taken out. i had mine taken out and when i got to the dr they asked if i'd had sex in the past week. i had and they said that theres a chance i could get pregnant from the sex that i had that morning before i got it taken out. someone said that can't happen because the woman's body kills all of the sperm while the mirena is in so there'd be no sperm left after it was taken out.
what does it mean when i dream about my close friend coming back to school and me hugging her for a very ong time? . when i went to sleep there was snow outside so i was happy. during my dream i was in the school cafeteria but it wasn't the cafeteria. it was my parent's old restaurant as the cafeteria. the i saw my friend and she came over and tapped on my shoulder. then i got up and started to her. we were hugging while walking in a circle. then somehow we fall to the ground and i was on top but i saved her from landing on the floor. then we got up and stopped hugging and i was smiling by then.
i am having chest pains shortness of breath hypertension fatigue and nose bleeds. what should i do?
my daughter has psoriasis in her arm pits wht can she use to help w. the problem. she itches herself raw.
my daughter has these bumps on her arm and i cant seem to figure out what it is?
green stool and treatment of cold in bowels. how do you treat a cold in the bowels causing green stool?
are there less-expensive generics for nexium for long-term use?
i had a cannabis episode that really scared me dizziness neurological symptoms cardiac pain?
how do i know if i have heartburn?
right testicle is a lot bigger than my left for about  years. my right testicle is over double the size of my left and it has been for about  years maybe more. . i also had a hernia above my belly button when i was born. i have had anxiety over this for a while then i got over it and then suddenly it came back around a month ago. . could it be cancer?
why is it hard to predict when i ovulate?
why am i gaining weight after getting off the depo shot?
i was in contact with a methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus (mrsa) patient?
i need to read the entire health insurance plan when i get the time. . but is there a clause about the prescription coverage and cost?
what is the problem with protecting a loved one with alzheimer's?
can u die if you overdose on blood pressure meds that are not prescribed to you
how to get rid of the poison ivy rashes? . although i thought i was being careful when cutting down some poison ivy in by backyard i now have it. itching is under control but can anyone help on getting rid of the rashes or do i just wait it out? got it  days ago. it is also spreading to my surprise. i read that it would only spread from the original toxic oils from the plant not after exposure. i'm not even very itchy but every day have a new patch of rashes.
can a guys large penis make me bleed lightly after sex? . until yesterday i have not had sex for over four months and the new guys penis is significantly larger than i've ever had. . we used a condom. and it only lasted a few minutes because we did some foreplay earlier and he came within a few minutes. it hurt because it felt like my vagina was stretching (obviously) and when i got home i had to use the bathroom and when i wiped there was a little blood. it is. very. light. not even a flow just a few drops show up when i wipe.
i have seizure like events?
im a  year old male. i had a uti just over a year?
i am having frequent pvcs and yet my doctor says not to worry?
my six year old daughter is getting underarm hair. is this the start of puberty? . i'm kinda freaking out here. why is my six year old getting underarm hair and b. o. already?
is it normal for a woman to not have a period in  months and not be pregnant?
i try to put on a condom and then penis when flaccid. i never had sex before. i'm . i used to feel a larger vein that i don't feel anymore.
what insurance covers bariatric surgery?
how much a  old girl who is ' .  pds is normal or under weight? could she get pregnant at this weight n height? . she always weight the average weights of .  to  pounds her whole life is the normal could this be the reason she havent had a baby yet.
i got over a cold about  weeks ago. in the past  days every day i wake up i blow straight blood out of my nose. help. all day i have been blowing straight blood out. only my right nostril. it is very thick dark colored blood and it will not stop. im heading to the doctor tomorrow. wondering if its worth my time or can someone help me out on here? its a lot of blood all day
i have a cloud penis discharge vrdl found -tive. few month ago i diagnosed cronic prostatitis. it safe to have sex?
if i got my wife pregnant right before she tested to see if she was ovulating would the test show positive? . my wife and i had sex the day before she usually tests to see if she's ovulating. she took the test two days straight and no ovulation. what could explain this? she also said that her stomach had been feeling weird since we had intercourse. could she be showing signs of pregnancy in such a short period of time?
i received a urethral bulking procedure with the coaptite injectable implant now in constant pain doctors dont know why?
what causes boils? could i be eating something that would make me more prone to developing them?
i was born as a guy but dont feel right in my body i feel like i should have been a girl. what should i do? . im  years old and this has caused depression and anxiety im getting help with that stuff i just need help with this now.
what conditions does children's medi-profen treat?
i used dove bar soap for to wash with for about a week and now i have irritated and itching bumps in my vagina. i never used bar soap but it was the only thing in my house i started to notice a slight burning sensation when i'd wash with it and now there are irritated and itchy bumps in my vagina is there anything i can do about it? i've already changed soaps but i'm wondering is there a certain kind i should use until it clears up?
can lisinopril mix with cialis
i wake up with muscles not cooperating with me. i really dont know what to do when this happens?
i am going through some major issues and dont have insurance to see a psychologist. should i try pastoral counseling?
any possibility of melanoma being contagious? . i have a friend with an advanced malignant tumor growing on the side of his head. the doctor has given him a month or two to live. another friend who's a nurse says that anyone who goes to visit the first friend (who's dying at home) should wear gloves and a face mask and that his bandages need to be double bagged and burned to prevent infection. is there any possibility that melanoma could be contagious?
ct revealed lesions in white brain matter. doctor says not to worry about it. i'm . should i get a  opinion? . ct ordered cuz doc thought i may have suffered mini-stroke. says no vessels ruptured so not a problem. are lesions common in someone my age who is healthy?
what causes the poison ivy rash?
diabetes patient wants to avoid dialysis as far as possible underwent avf surgery why is creatinine levels high?
i had an acute ebv antibody test done and my results were all negative
what causes lactose intolerance?
i already have health insurance. do i need to do anything in regards to the affordable care act?
my pregnancy tests are negative but my belly is getting bigger?
is there a treatment for hyperglycemia?
"why is the obamacare named ""affordable"" when my insurance went from $ to almost $/month?"
what are the symptoms of genital warts human papillomavirus?
can stress cause pregnancy symptoms? . my girlfriend had spotting and what seems like discharge but it's very clear and like water. she doesn't start her period for another week. we've been rather safe while having sex but there were  times that we weren't. once she had just started her period that day and i came inside her. the other we tried anal and i came inside her. i'm worried the semen came out and entered her vagina. she has been extremely stressed out the last  weeks. can stress cause these symptoms?
how long does it take for a nail to grow back on finger? . i caught my finger in the jeep door and took antibiotics for  days it is better but the nail seems to be half on. part if it was taken off at the dr. so the rest is lifting and it is very strange and the soft tissue is coming up filling the space the nail was removed. when does it fully heal? i am putting ointment on it and soaking it in epsom salt. please help! thank you.
i have heavy pain in both side of my head that causes dizziness sometimes in my back and neck?
what is a definte sign of a uti
i skipped my period by not taking the placebo sugar pills and just started new pack i got my period. is that normal? . i'm on the pill and skipped the last week to avoid my period because i was going away. i then started a new pack thinking i wouldn't get my period till the end of that month i got my period the  week of the new pack. is that normal? plus i have had it for seven days usual i only get it - days. can this happen? i'm nervous also thinking to myself can i be pregnant because i messed up the cycle?
what is pharyngitis in the throat
what happens if ovarian cancer goes untreated?
which helps me lose weight most quickly exercising at a lower rate or a faster paced workout?
i had energy supplements now feeling dizzy and passed out today?
can i take robitussin cough and cold and claritin redi-tabs -hr together?
what are hormonal causes for heavy periods?
 year old got flu shot  days ago. she had fever/head ache/& lathargic on same day. symptoms have returned today. shot? . is this a reaction?
period after lifting. i am . my last pap was  years ago it was normal. the past  months i have done moderate lifting. every time i lift something my period starts instantly and lasts about a week. my period is bright red with an odor. i have a pain that feels like pressure on my uterus. i am not pregnant. i am moderately active. i jog  miles a day and on my feet  a day. i only bleed when i lift something. both my grandma and aunt have had hysterectomies in their early  due to endometriosis.
i have irregular periods and i am trying to get pregnant?
object stuck inside anal cavity. i have inserted a cucumber inside my ass and now it's so far up that i can't reach it. what should i do?
what are the symptoms of gallstones?
started working my legs are swelling i am on high-blood medications. since i started working my legs are starting to swell. i am on  medications for high-blood pressure which i take faithfully. i do move around a lot at work but i can sit down on a regular basis and elevate my legs also. my left leg seems more swollen than the right. swelling goes away after sleeping. starting to become concerned. check regularly my pressure numbers are good /. am overweight but losing weight was  lbs now  lbs and losing.
my dr prescribed buspar  as needed for anxiety. the pharmacist said take - times a day. which is it? . i am really looking to take something when i feel very anxious (which isn't often).
i took one  adderall about  months ago. what are the chances it will show up on a hair drug test?
bad smelling discharge. urine very bad smelling and dark. headaches no balance sleeping alot/tired no energy. i took  mg of penicillin a day for  days. most symptoms went away. now have mild oder and pasty discharge. i miscarried about a yr ago and didn't seek any medical care. could something be wrong due to the miscarriage?
could i have gotten pregnanty on my period? . is it possible i got pregnant on my period i am experiencing some nausea vomiting back pain fatigue along with smell changes and soreness in my breasts
hello i cannot find any info concerning frequent erections ie how to stop or slow them down. . my girl friend lost all interest during menopause and i wont go elsewhere or masturbate. but i feel like im going out of my mind
i read an artical that said you can take more than   of vitamin  for weight lose. is that true? health risks?
am i pregnant?
do i have dry sockets? . i had all  impacted wisdom teeth taken out surgically on //. today is //. the first few days i didn't really have that much pain. i was on oxycodone ibuprofen and antibiotics. . today i have severe pain that is radiation through my jaw. it is not getting any better and the only thing that makes the pain subside is the oxycodone. . i have a really bad taste in my mouth and when i looked at the extraction site with a flash light i can see bottomless black holes. . the pain is getting worse
i had unprotected sex the day i was supposed to start my period now i'm  days late. could i be pregnant? . my husband and i had unprotected sex and during it i started what we thought was my period and respectively so it was on time. so he ejaculated inside of me. once in the light we realized it was just a brownish discharge not exactly my period and that was it. i didn't discharge again and i also never started my period. now i'm  ish days late. could i be pregnant?
what do genital warts look like?
burning tongue lips what are these sores on my tongue that are spreading? . my tongue is burning and i have a bunch of sore bumps front and center. lips are also burning. yesterday i had what felt to be one sore on the side of my tongue. i thought it was just from a food or hot tea burn. but today i have at least  bumps all over the front of my tongue. seems like it is spreading down the side and back of my tongue as i can feel more sores back there and my throat is also starting to hurt. the sores are small and red or gray in color.
can i continue paying medicare and supplemental insurance while living in canada. i am planing to move to canada near the us border and would like to continue seeing my doctors in the us. can i still maintain my medicare and supplemental insurance coverage.
hello i have celiac disease and i was wondering if chia seeds interact negatively with my condition. also i heard that chia seeds have a blood pressure lowering effect - sometimes dangerously so. any advice would be welcomed!
how can you tell the difference between copd and heart failure?
need a vasovagal syncope doctor in los angeles asap. by //. heading to africa and i need a yellow fever vaccine by this friday. i have vasovagal syncope and fear getting a shot from an ignorant tech/doctor. it's happened the last two times and the results were highly unpleasant. help.
what is the best treatment for someone with asthma who can't be around cats? . my boyfriend has had asthma since childhood and has been using an inhaler. i have two cats and he can only be in my house for a very short period of time before his lungs feel tight.
i have a fracture on my left hand finger while i was playing football?
i think i may have shingles symptoms started yesterday i work in an er am i putting my patient's at risk? . symptoms include severe pain along the rib cage on one side today noticed a red painful spot no drainage
what is the best treatment for menstrual cramps?
everytime i make out with this guy i get a sore throat the next day. this guy smokes and doesn't eat healthy. he is sort of a fling and so occasionally we'll get together. we make out a lot so could there be something tranferred when we kiss that makes me have a sore throat the next day?
husband is having a hard time breathing especially lying down
i'm a  year old woman who has recently developed a strong vaginal odor and am spotting after sex. need to see doctor?
both my sisters kids have severe eczema. im trying for a baby & want to know if eczema can be prevented. both my sisters kids have severe eczema. ( nieces (aged  & ) &  nephew (aged )). i'm trying for a baby & want to know if there is anything that can be done to prevent the baby that is going to be conceived from getting eczema or if there some way to make it milder.
how much will insurance coverage actually cost under health reform? will it actually be affordable?
after receiving tattoo should i be concerned about hiv infection?
i got bitten by a spider or something like it years ago on my thumb. redness and itching keeps coming up. its been years since this bite on my thumb and it went away at first but months later i noticed the same place was swollen and itchy. it goes away and comes back months and months later. i've noticed it happens when my body is in stress or im going through sickness. i dont understand why this same site keeps getting swollen and red. its been years. ive asked my doctor about it once and he said oh it'll go away on its own. this doesn't seem to be happening.
my son turns  and ages out of our healthcare on nov. . . he is currently studying at london school of economics and is covered under british system. he will be home for christmas and then return to the uk and not likely return until school finishes at the end of sept. . we do not think he will return at easter. when must we enroll him in health insurance? he may have a job again as soon as he returns but don't know when benefits will begin. will he be fined? what do we do? must we do it when he is home at christmas?
my husband is the only person i have sex with. i tested positive with chlamydia and he did not. how come
i dislocated my toe doctor wants to have pin surgery need second opinion?
if you miss your period how long after will it show positive on test if you r pregnant? how long should u wait to . i had a  period last month plus it was late. this month i haven't had  at all! i am supposed to start my period the  week of the month and i took a pregnancy test and it says negative. i just wanted some advice if i am taking the test to early or if it could be something else because i have had this problem once before but never have had a period only last . i am bloated like and have a lot of discharge. i have took over  test within the last month. any advice or help please?
i have type  diabetes and i am confused why  to  hrs after eating a full meal i feel hungrier than before i ate.
is my singular & zyrtec the cause of my high blood pressure?
how much does it cost for an uninsured person to get an abortion?
my mother is in extreme pain for a detached rotator cuff but suffers from heart problems and taking medication?
i have congenital diaphragmatic eventration is himalayan trekking advisable?
what are the symptoms of bacterial vaginosis?
what are the signs of a sinus infection?
"diagnosis- hidradenitis suppurativa- large and painful boils in the groin area. considering injections. success rate? . this condition started  years ago and exacerbated with shaving. it is extremely painful cannot be improved with excessive hygiene is embarrassing has resulted in multiple scars and had a psychological effect on me also. i am considering the injections. my dr. said it's botox but i read that it's antibiotic. i just want it to go away! sometimes the boils last - weeks. can it be permanently cured or go into a ""remission period""? it's so gross!"
will bloodwork show lymphoma
what is congestive heart failure?
my daughters hemoglobin is low but her iron is high doctor thinks they are fighting each other?
what can i expect long-term if my child has depression?
are you aware of any problems with the ny state health insurance exchange website sign up? . i have been hesitant to give the personal information they require to sign on until i feel comfortable the site is accurate and secure.
does aerobic exercise interfere with muscle gains from weightlifting?
is it ok to wear sports bra always? . is it ok to wear sports bra most of the time? will there be any concerns like early sagging or so? . please let me know
is black soap good for oily acne prone skin and is cocoa butter or vitamin e good for moisturizing oily acne prone skin?
i had unprotected sex and got ulcer in scrotum and mouth. will it be herpes?
i have itchy red bumps around my pubic area. this morning it's spread onto my arms. could this be from chlamydia? . i am pretty sure it isn't herpes because it looks nothing like it. they itch but only in a few places not every bump itches. this morning i woke up and it's spread to my arms. i cannot work because their is too much of a chance of it being an infectious skin disease. i tested positive for chlamydia and the doctor said it could dirive from that but they aren't sure.
i suffer from familial mediterranean fever (fmf) can i do a rhinoplasty?
how long does colic last?
what are the symptoms of malaria?
im  and trying to lose weight. i cant excercise  min before im gasping for air. how can i get a work out in?
what is pneumonia?
what is an inhaler for asthma?
what are the symptoms of prostatitis?
what causes type  diabetes recently diagnosed?
can condoms cause the vaginal area to become red and swollen? . i just had sex for the first time with a condom. afterwards my lower vagina where the penis enters is now red and swollen. i have trouble going to the bathroom because it hurts so bad. i want to know what i can do to fix it without going to the doctor. but if i have to go i understand. tell me what is wrong and what i should do?
my son's teeth scraped inside his mouth (a small bleeding)  hours later we ate at a cafemay he have gotten hcv virus? . my sons's upper front teeth scraped his mouth and caused a little bleeding.  hours later we ate at a cafe with the utensil of they bring. i am concerned about any invisible blood or saliva remaining on the fork. a few hours later the meal i remembered the situation and looked inside his mouth. the small wound was whitish and he says the place did not hurt during eating. . thank you doctor.
suffering from involuntary movements spasms doctors dont know what is wrong?
trying to get pregnant taking taking siphene tablets and folvite
can herpes medicine help conjunctivitis
feels like i have to pee but nothing comes out. tiny amounts then i go back and another tiny amount. worst at night. also have a cyst or something on the underside of penis. i am very weak from inactivity. i have done nothing for the last  years. but sit and play videogames. now i can barely sit because it hurts way too much. my bladder holds way more than  cups of liquid.
"i had anal sex and now i cant seem to go to the bathroom. please help.  year old male.  wk ago i had anal sex with my partner(submissive). (i'd like to note we used a new lubricant and also it was not rough). within the end of the day i begun having pretty bad stomach aches. i went to dr for irritability within my abdomen. tests were ran and everything came out normal. have not had a bowel movement in nearly a week - despite the feeling of having to go. . i may have a small hemroid on outside and it appears the ""hole"" is being obstructed. i can pass gas. thanks."
 year old is allergic to carrots?
bleeding from anus blood in urine pain in lower back
what are the screening tests for prostate cancer?
my baby ate her on poop. my baby ate poop  days later she is sick. weezing coughing and high fever for  straight. i took her to the doctor and they said shes fine just a normal cold. i told them what happen and they just said she should be fine but if she still has a fever next week come back. what should i do. and is her symptoms related to her eating her poop.
does having mono in your medical history make you more exposed to catching an std? . does having mono in your medical history make you more exposed to catching an std?
i took  pregnancy tests and they all were negative. i feel like i have the early symptoms of pregnancy. i had sex on september  i took a pregnancy test on the   and . they were all negative but i feel like i'm experiencing early symptoms or maybe i'm over thinking. also according to my period calender app it says i'm supposed to start my period today september .
ive been coughing up blood today?
what causes warts?
"can a small bowel series with barium swallow cause constipation? . i have been losing weight and am now approx.  under the lowest gauge for my height (' ""). i've had an endoscopy colonoscopy and a small bowel series with barium swallow. ever since the small bowel series i've had constipation/very little movement of the bowels. can barium cause a gastric blockage?"
recent erectile dysfunction should i avoid changing medication and go for a pump?
should i be concerned for my son - white blood cell count and lymphocytes are low and monocytes are slightly high?
 months ago i had a penile implant. my testicle sac containing the controls keeps filling with fluid. will it go away?
i got my blood ferritin level checked as i was feeling exhausted it is low?
how is shingles contagious. when i saw my doctor about a small bump on my arm she said i had the shingles virus. i did not have a rash anywhere on my body. i never had chicken pox but did have measles as a child. i searched the web for an answer but they were confusing. one person said that shingles is contagious and another says that its not. i got a blood test and she said i had the virus. my question is if it is contagious how was it transmitted to me. she said i was exposed who had chicken pox when i was child. help.
i can ejaculate multiple times but my first ejaculation is within - minutes how do i delay this? . my first question is would you consider my first ejaculation pe? i still have an erection and can still continue with sexual activity i use a fleshlight. how can i delay my first ejaculation? i dont want to have sex and keep changing condoms because my chances of getting a girl pregnant increases and also would eating something an hour or two before sexual activity help my stamina?
i feel pain at the heart several times in a day?
are migraines hereditary?
i had a miscarriage could i have lost only one of the twin babies?
my wife has mono. can it be sexually transmitted without kissing? how long before we can have unprotected sex?
does crixivan reduce the risk of passing the human immunodeficiency virus (hiv) to others?
what should i do if i take an overdose of sporanox capsules?
ive just turned  and have advanced glaucoma started having confused episodes?
dido not properly cleaned after anal use. can i still use it if i clean it? . i used a dido anally a few weeks back and i checked it today. it's a dildo with a syringe for squirting so it has a hole through it. it's made of silicone. when i checked it today there was something inside the hole for squirting that i can only assume was fecal matter. i want to avoid infections at all costs so is this toy safe to use if i clean it properly? should it now be used with a condom only andhow can i clean it to make it safe again? i have not used it again since i found this.
with medicare drug coverage i have to pay the drug premium plus i have to pay .  per month for my meds.
i have pcos i lost  pounds and my periods have come back what are the odds of getting pregnant naturally? . cycle lengths vary between about  and  days
my husband wants me to have oral sex will i get sick if he comes in my mouth. i was physically and sexually abused as a child. my husband knows about this. he has asked if i would preform oral sex for him will i get sick if he comes in my mouth? are there germs that can also make me sick. when i was forced to do this as a child and my dad crammed his dick in my mouth and came i threw up and began to chock. i was also afraid that i would get pg.
does doxepin help with skin rash
how can couples make time to reconnect?
my overall sexual desire has gone down after taking tablet flunil. should i stop taking this drug?
how is ulcerative colitis diagnosed?
what is the recommended age for a child's first visit to the dentist? does it have to be a pediatric dentist?
i have many symptoms of pregnancy and i think it may be ovulation though. my period was early and light. not usual. i ovulated / and started / when i am always regular. i was  days early. i normally have very bad cramps and i didnt. now i have very swollen and sore breasts been nauseous for days and cramps and bach ache. when if im ovulating today would be ovulation day. i dont normally have mittlelschmerz. if i took a test and it was negative could it be too soon to tell? . help!
why does health insurance matter for those who are young and healthy?
i just need dental coverage. . i have medicare/medicaid so where do i purchase dental insurance only?
i had a back fusion at - now have anterlothesis of  on  do i need surgery?
are bedbugs attracted to dirty people?
"if i am at high risk for colon cancer but not yet  why won't doctors bill a colonoscopy as routine? . my brother-in-law was diagnosed with stage  colon cancer at  years old. he died last september. . my husband is  and wants to get a colonoscopy but the procedure is not being billed as ""routine"" so we would have to meet our entire deductible before insurance pays anything. . what are our options?"
what are the types of heart failure?
what is the defferance betweeb xanax and prozac? . if you are taking xanax for anxiety can you can prozac for it also? which is used for depression?
can i give my  yr. old infant pain relief for a fever he just started azithromycin today?
who gets up more often with the baby -- moms or dads?
can you exercise and diet cellulite away?
should i be concerned my  year old has had  nose bleeds in the past  hours? . it seems to be when he is hit in the head not hard just like playing with other kids ruff housing. it seems to be anywhere on his head not his face.
we hear about adverse events ; is that the same as a dangerous reaction?
"how do i get diagnosed with hfa without using my parents' insurance? i use their plan and they do not want a diagnosis. i recently started college after being homeschooled my whole life. i have always had problems socializing unlike my (also homeschooled) siblings but after this semester my problems have become much more prominent. i don't ""get"" many of the basic social rules and only through imitation have i been able to interact at all. eye contact bothers me as do some noises textures etc. i also experience extreme obsessive interests and ""stim"" when overwhelmed (rocking hand flapping and tip-toeing)."
do male enhancements really work? if so which brand?
how long does it take sex drive loss side effect to wear off? . my boyfriend recently stopped taking medication to treat his hair loss when we noticed it was effecting his sex drive. the doctor told him that was a possible side effect so he decided to stop. i am curious as to how long it usually takes this side effect to wear off. especially since he has been taking it for a few months now.
can aburterol help my cough. my wife has been coughing for three days now and her throat is itching and it keeoing her up at night what can i give her to make her feel better.
i had sex with a guy  months ago was on my period and i found out he was hiv positive how likely is it i have it. he said he was infected i have diabetes it has been acting up alot lately feeling tired back pain congestion the shakes cant sleep etc could hiv cause it to act up i always had low iron but the doctor said my iron was extremely extremely low so they took some blood to see if they could find anything my results came back today they said they can't give me my results on phone and to come in on my appointment day that was already scheduled in a few weeks does that mean my test results were good
can bacteria from feces or urine on the bottom of cat litter scoop spread/grow/creep to the handle
i have staphylococcus epidermidis bladder infection?
i was fooling around with my girlfriend and i end up ejaculation on(outside) her vagina. will this get her pregnant? . me and my girlfriend were making out and started fooling with each other and we end up naked and we started rubbing our genitals with each other. i ejaculated outside on her vagina. is there any chance that she will get pregnant?
i am concerned about medical bankruptcy. it looks as though i could get the bronze plan for free with a subsidy. . i currently use a colorado state medical plan that is not insurance. if i were to have a major medical event and be taken to a private hospital i would not be covered and could lose my house. under the bronze plan i pay %. does this mean if i have a $  hospital bill i have to pay $ ? is there a way to get the subsidy to pay for my insurance premium through my retirement plan which has better coverage than the bronze plan?
what causes schizophrenia?
how effective is the otc potassium gluconate for copd patients on diurectics?
i am a  year old man and get red eyes every day?
i am laid off and collecting unemployment. i have no health insurance and don't go to the doctor for prescriptions. can i get catastrophic insurance? does the bronze level plan cover hospitalization?
treating a groin area rash with daily apps of triamcinolene cream for months. i stop for  day and rash returns. ideas? . identified by dermatologist as related to jock itch. prescription is used up so i'm looking for otc alternatives or - best case - permanent solution.
my skin is becoming more sensitive to skin care products. can skin become more sensitive when it wasn't before?
i had unprotected sex yesterday he finished inside and i am  days on the shot am i protected? . i am  days on the shot today. my doctor told me to wait  days but am i protected?
can you get pregnant if you had unprotected sex the week you were supposed to renew your second dose of the depo shot. me and my husband had unprotected sex when i was supposed to renew my depo shot between may   through may   could i be pregnant? ive had brown discharge light bleeing it has been on and off and mild cramps
can sleep deprivation be helpful in some cases?
i suffer from a continuous reduction of hemoglobin?
will taking a low dose of prednisone interfer with upcoming skin surgery. male just diagnosed with severe groin itch. prednisone script is - tabs for  days then -  tab for  days. i have unrelated basal cell skin surgery on nose scheduled with another doctor in  days. will prednisone create any problmes?
i have a stiff neck a stomach that doesnt digest and swollen eyes?
i have hand shaking problems since i was ?
bad smell from my vagina
if a pregnant woman gets swine flu what is the best course of treatment?
how long can a person live with out sodium. my father has dementia. he is in the hospital now and they say he is losing sodium because his body is not able to make it. what will happen to him without sodium?
i have a patient of mine has pitting oedema difficult diagnosis any help would be appreciated?
"i am very concerned about my girlfriend's weight. she is  years old '"" and . she has gained almost  in the last two years. i also know for a fact that she was less than  when she was sixteen and this gaining seems to be way out of control. i am very worried because she seems so tired she is out of shape avoid stairs - if we have to use the stairs she is always out of breath. as i write i am very worried but i don't know what to do or how this weight will affect her. i've never been overweight myself but always heard about how difficult and harmful it is. given her recent weight gain what is the risk factors for her? if she goes to her doctor will the doctor mention her weight? because most  year old girls wouldn't get out of breath by just walking some stairs right."
is she pregnant? . hi. i and my gf had sex july  its not more than  min we stop it and the one thing is i din't cum inside her and my penis is not too entered in her. she is irregular and first week of aug she got a period and its bloody. then sept second week she got a period again and she doesn't have spotting morning sickness and urinating too much. is she pregnant? sorry for my english
does a healthy man in his fifties need an annual physical?
 male very active fit. a month ago i started having bowel issues stool started coming out very thin and not solid i didn't have a problem going just was not solid and was thin also have been very tired in general and fatigued in the traps and shoulders went to the doctors and he treated for infection he said my thyroid gland was a bit swollen and thought it was infected also tested for underactive thyroid over active thyroid overactive immune system and all of it came back negative he put me on prednisone for the overactive immune system he thought i had but i felt worse i am still having the problems except i visited a friend in ny about  weeks after this started and when i went there i was fine normal stool consistency no fatigue i went again the next week same thing i felt fine and was normal. everytime i come back to my house my symptoms get worse lately it seems im having a hard time going to the bathroom in general and not as much comes out what could this be? help
"""i had unprotected sex he pulled out then wiped himself off then put it back in but did not cum inside me. ""i had unprotected sex and he pulled out then wiped himself off then put it back in but did not cum inside me im not on birth control yet. is there a big chance that i could be pregnant and could i take a pregnancy test in a few days would it be accurate?"
i recently had my tattoo removal surgery for  session is it hypertropic scar or keloid?
i came down with severe throbbing on my right temple and felt like i was going to faint i got severely sick diarrhea and vomiting with heavy shivering and fever
 years old masturbate - times a day regularly. had a possible uti now ejaculating less. retrograde ejaculation? . i'd pee then a while after masturbate and after ejaculation it felt the inside of my urethra was burning. peeing more helped but only temporarily. burning went away in - minutes. happened - times in one week then went away. now basically overnight i'm ejaculating far less. had a head cold (mucus in nose/throat throat swelling). does being sick effect volume? . i'm taking zinc and a multivitamin (equals  of zinc) and dietary supplement (witch hazel bilberry horse chestnut).
could i be pregnant or have an std? . soo about  days ago i was drinking for  days straight and the next morning i woke up to diarrhea and started vomiting and had a cold chills. i literally happened all day until my stomach was empty. i even threw up some mucus like substance. after that day was over i felt sick with no appetite for two days. . and now i'm feeling cramps were i think my ovaries are located. also my periods are never on tract but past  months they started on first if the month and i hvnt had  yet and its the .
my daughters blood sugar level is  what should i do?
i have cramping blood in my stool and large black spots and intense nausea?
my last period was / and i had intercosre on / i started spotting on / am i pergnant?
i  years old thalassaemia carrier. i have a period every  days stay only  and / day. is it creat any problem? . i have no issue but i want to pregnant after  years. is it create any problem to get pregnancy?
does child ibuprofen interact with any other medications?
my son is allergic to amoxicillin. can he use antibiotic eye drops? . the eye drops are sulfacetamide sodium ophthalmic solution.
i oppose the obamacare concept and strongly oppose being forced to buy insurance or be penalized. . that said if i find insurance outside of the exchanges will that enable me to avert the penalty part of this law?
how does pregnancy affect sexual desire?
i just overdosed
i have a itchy rash that comes and goes what could be causing this? . the rash appears in different areas of my body for an example a rash showed up on my wrist and stayed a while and went away. later the same day it appeared on my stomach and then on my thighs etc. its itchy while it is present. at one point my hands first turned red and then start to itch really bad to the point i had to wash my hands repeatedly. i work in the medical field so i wash my hands a million times a day. what could be causing this reaction?
what can i expect during weeks  and  of my pregnancy?
whats the difference between norco and vicodin when they're both named hydrocodone/acetaminophen? . i think it was an error on the part of either a nurse or the doctor but after being discharged my prescription list read hydrocodone/acetaminophen / (vicodin) and the second one read hydrocodone/acetaminophen - (norco) so i'm confused am i supposed to take them or is it a mistake because they both named the same. somebody let me know if they made a mistake i don't feel like getting addicted or overdosing if its the same drug. they game it for my back pain
i had under-eye surgery  years ago. the skin under my eyes is now wrinkled and loose. how can i tighten under my eyes?
i don't know what is wrong with me but im  years old and i recently stopped being able to have erections. i am in a fraternity and i drink very often. i also use tobacco. i just recently got together with a girl and i have not been able to have erections since the first time we had sex. the first time i was able to have a full erection and sustain it. it has been almost three days and i have not been able to have an erection.
can stress cause my arms wrists and hands break out in an itchy rash before a stressful event?
i fainted hit my head vomited black now feel numbness?
friend of mine has had hard nipples for  days they are sore. shes not pregnant no bc and she has had her tubes tied.
i have an allergy to acetaminophen. i'm almost  weeks pregnant. are there any alternatives? . i'm having a difficult time getting into a doctor due to insurance. i should be able to see one before christmas but i have had multiple migraines and am hoping for a little relief. i can't use cold or heat and am staying in a cool dark room but they still last up to three days. i have a history of chronic migraines which eventually lead to my serotonin syndrome diagnosis.
i'm female and menstrating. feel like i need to pee but burns when i try. symptoms started  hours ago.
having sharp stabbing pain that comes and goes on my left side below ribs but above hip what could this be? . putting pressure on it makes it worse. no fever vomiting or diarrhea. the pain comes and goes on a steady basis.
i have a stiff neck a stomach that doesnt digest and swollen eyes?
what is my risk of thromboembolic complications due to discontinuation of anticoagulants?
pain in upper right quadrant of abdomen may indicate what.  year old grand daughter had gallbladder stmptoms but no stones doctor said bile was crystalizing and bladder was removed. still having problems. food test showed food slow at passing from stomach to intestines. smaller portions have not helped. couple crackers may induce vomiting. what are possible causes?
can you get sick from a fan? . we do not have any air conditioning in our home so we leave the ceiling fan on all night. someone told me that our  month old baby can get sick from leaving the fan on is that true? she doesn't wake up feeling cold to the touch in fact she is always sweaty when she wakes up because it's so miserably hot in our house.
i felt pain around the skin on my vagina. well today i have a lump quarter sized or larger?
strange condition makes me cramp up like a seizure?
i masturbate frequently. now i have symptoms of fast heart rate bit of anxiety and ibs. why did this happen? . so i masturbate once daily but i've been doing it for  years now. right after masturbating my stomach starts bloating my feces always comes out in a liquid form my heart rate isn't normal or at least thats how it feels like maybe its anxiety that makes it feel that way. i look really skinny the next day and weak overall. im  years old which worries me. ive asked doctors but none of them think masturbation is a problem even though i pretty much know thats the case.
i got stitches and a filling over the stitches after tooth extraction. how long do i wait to smoke? . i went to finish a tooth extraction today that the doctor couldn't finish last friday. however he still couldnt finish it because the pain was unbearable. now he recommended me to an oral surgeon and gave me stitches and put some sort of filling ( although i'm not sure what it was) on top of my stitches. it stopped the bleeding. how long should i wait to smoke? will smoking harm that area even if i wait  days?
how should i use tazorac cream . % for treatment of acne?
pregnancy complications after bj. in the morning my girlfriend actually wanked me out and i ejaculated in tissues. throughout the whole day i urinated for only once and after that at night she started giving me a bj(without ejaculation but i supposed with some pre cum) then we actually french kissed and i started licking her private part. . this was our first time doing and she and i are actually virgin. can i know whats the likelihood of her being pregnant? i am really stressed out as i am afraid that she will be pregnant.
i am having symptoms of being pregnant but i have my tubes tied could i be pregnant or could this be something else? . nothing more really just i have been having sypmtoms like these for almost two weeks and i feel like i am pregnant but i had my tubes tied almost eight years ago? could i be pregnant even though my tubes are tied or could this be something else?
my bf has pericarditis heart pains never last now pain wont go away?
on antibiotics for  hours for fever + drainage. is it ok to also take advil for a headache? .  hours ago i was prescribed antibiotics flonase and an expectorant - my fever seems to have dropped from a high of .  the first night to ~  (.  - . ) today however my eyes hurt my sinuses seem inflamed/sensitive to touch i would like to take advil for a headache. any advice?
what is an iron infusion? . an iron infusion is simply a liquid dose of iron given in the veins.
mild vaginal fish odor some itch recent issue with new toilet paper. i am . recently had a bad reaction to new toilet paper. itch mostly no redness. now have mild fish odor and want to clear it up quick!
can nose bleeds and ovulation have any type of connection? i was having  a wk now i have only  a month on my ovulation. started having nose bleeds about  / yrs w/out a prev history nb started out  every fw wks then progress to worsen i haven't used bc   never had i been preg before i have reg cycles  preg i wasn't on fertility  preg i was. abt  mths after the nb's started i was going to obgyn he started me on fertility at tht time i was having at least  nb's a wk i was preg  in . while preg. i didn't have nb's both preg end in miscarry preg ended nb's came back dr said couldn't be connected
after exercising for over  year i now see dark spots and feel light headed when exercising. do i keep up or not?
how do you get health insurance if you don't have a job? . i'm  i don't go to school or have a job and my parents don't have me covered under their insurance.
could my heartburn treatment interfere with other medications i'm taking?
bad asthma flare up no signs of mononucleosis white blood cell count was low any ideas?
what is the treatment for plant thorn arthritis?
my mother is type ii diabetic woke up with marks under her right breast?
can first time bc users experience warmness in armpitts and vaginaly area along with anxiety. had  irregular period before this bc helped stopped my bleeding. now i am bleeding again i stopped taking pill could it be the hormones making me feel this way
what foods to avoid with exema? . my wife has exema spots on mostly on her back legs and arms. what foods should she avoid?
i have a red swollen pimple like area on my stomach that is very sore and is hard (ish) about  inches in diameter. it started almost like a pimple (i thought it was) it's been  days and it hasn't changed. it may be getting aggrevated and staying red and hurting due to the fact that when i set up my pants belt underwear etc rub against it.
what is acne?
i had sex august  three days before my fertle window can i be pregnant he pulled out and cummed then put back in. he's  i'm . ? i had my period at . when should i take a test
my wife had her first misscarriage after  weeks at the end of feb-. when is the best time to try again for baby. we have  daughters. .  old and .  old. my wife is currently taking anti depression meds and psychiatrist suggest to try after  although meds are very safe during pregnancy wife is  old.
i suffer from daily headaches that vary in pain i have had no previous traumatic head or brain injury?
can i get a  treatment on my face if i have genital herpes? (one of the questions on their questionnaire).
how much salt does a person need?
i understand that i can get less expensive health insurance coverage than i now have. but doesn't that also mean the benefits won't be as good?
had unprotected outercourse on the first day of my last period. my period's  days late. could i be pregnant? . outercourse is rubbing the genitals together which means that my vagina was exposed to pre-ejaculation fluid. he didn't ejaculate before we had outercourse. i am not on birth control.
can someone spread genital herpes by sharing a soap with family members either in the shower or sink?
how long does crack cocain stay in a pregnant woman
i dont have a doctor can i get elimite cream from the er?
what is colorectal cancer?
i hit the side of my head will i be alright? . my wrist hit the side of my head while i was playing the wii  hour ago i hit where the side burns are it kinda hurt i didn't get a headache but my head felt weird and it still does. will i be loosing concentration and my memory? i'm worried.
"what does a high sjogren's anti-ss-a and b mean? my bloodwork says possitive for the ana but not told what that means? . sjogren's anti-ss-a .  ( .  - .  ). sjogren""s anti-ss-b .  ( .  - .  )"
nodule found in right/remaining lung
why would a  yr old athletic male have a slow heart rate
me and my wife have been trying to have a child for two years?
i work part time and do not have full health insurance coverage. i have vision and dental coverage. does this count as insurance under the aca?
my father has paralysis in his left leg is in pain?
how long do alcohol withdrawals last. i have been an fairly heavy drinker for  years i am now  years old i have not had a drink in  days my withdrawal symptoms are nausea headache dizzy lightheaded wobbly eyes off balance at times hard to breath at times the list goes on if anyone out there can give me some advice or let me know when this will taper down please let me know thank you.
can undifferentiated connective tissue disease (uctd) turn into lupus or another connective tissue disease?
does testosterone levels affect weight loss/gain? . i have type  diabetes. i exercise - days per week and do cardio(- minutes a day). my doctor told me my testosterone levels have nothing to do with weight loss/gain. is this a true statement? i have diabetes within target range. i watch carbs fats protein intake. i usually eat about - calories a day.
what to do? . i have a ganglion cyst on top of foot. very painful when i work on my feet all day. i do have insurance but i will have to pay alot of money which i cant afford. what should i do?
i have been experiencing memory problems for the past couple months?
my blood tests came back abnormal how can i correct this?
i take enalapril for blood pressure. should i avoid taking viagra or other drugs for erectile dysfunction?
is a vaginal yeast infection bacterial or viral? . also what is the normal span of a yeast infection (if in the process of being treated with medicines and ointments)?
what causes leg burning after a fall
what to do for hand cleaner in eyes?
what's wrong with my ear? very concerned would just really love some direction. for as long as i can remember i have these sort of episodes where my hearing goes out in my right ear and a horrible loud ringing ensues for a few minutes. now i only occasionally get it and it's more of an almost constant pulse. . yesterday after a violent cry-session (i lost my aunt) i had a sudden headache and felt and heard the pulse not only in my ear but also in the top-back of my head. it lasted maybe  seconds. after it stopped i felt something fall out. it was a slightly bloody scab.
why am i dizzy all the time and get lightheaded easily after exercising? . i am constantly dizzy and always drinking orange juice as a result to help me get through the day. i have had low blood pressure my whole life but until i tried to do gymnastics last month i had no idea how bad things had gotten. things become fuzzy to me and my sense of judgement is impaired from being so lightheaded. for example doing routine things that i do every day becomes confusing if i feel lightheaded. is this low blood pressure or low blood sugar? and what can i do about it?
i have a sinus infection poison ivy and no insurance. a friend gave me a sulfameth/tmp ds prescription. will this help?
i start feeling strange with chest tightness and shortness of breath and sometimes wheezing?
do i have mono? . i was at sleep away camp  weeks ago and shared a glass with a girl who has mono. about a week ago i went to get tested and was negative. now my glands are tender when touched i have had a headache my through it bothering me i have had a runny nose and i have been ready to fall asleep earlier then normal! could this be mononucleosis or just a common cold?
im  and have chest pain tightness and a high heart rate?
what are risk factors for gallstones?
how can people cope with parkinson's disease?
i am ready academically to begin medical school but learned i have fibromyalgia. will i be able to become a doctor?
can  levels of  or  mmhg during respiratory failure cause some form of brain damage like permanent short term memory loss?
are weight-bearing exercises aerobic?
what causes sinusitis?
my / year old has a fever that has spiked over . he is laying around not eating but drinking ok. shld i worry?
im  years old and suffering with high blood pressure taking capoten and lophrin?
can i take otc zantac after taking otc prilosec?
can cpap machine cause pleurisy
why do i feel so lazy lately? . i use to be on the go all the time. i wanted to get out and do things but stuff has changed.
i got dermal fillers for my lips after accident i noticed a little ball/bump inside it?
are there any anti depressants out there that do not cause dry eye? . hi there . a few of my chronic conditions (rosacea ocular rosacea dry eye syndrome and mgd anxiety) are affecting the quality of my life and causing depression. are there any anti-depressants out there that do not cause dry eye symptoms to be worse? i feel really stuck and desperate right now as my chronic red/ dry/ burning eyes are one of the causes of my depression but i can't go on most anti-depressants because of how they will make this worse. any help is appreciated. . thank you.
possible ear infection should i see a doctor? if so whom should i see? . thursday when i was checking out at a store i visited the clerk let me know that my right ear was bleeding. when i got in car and checked in mirror i saw a line of dry blood from ear on face &checked in ear and was still bleeding but stopped appx  minutes later. saturday got up to use bathroom and when i got in bed i saw - spots of blood on pillow possibly from same ear checked &had blood drainage again but nothing in the morning. have had a bad cough for about  weeks.
my  year brother did a chest x-ray here are results what do we do next?
"can rapid weight loss actually be causing me to have higher blood pressure? . my bicycle is my main transportation. i live in az and i ride an avg of  miles a day and have lost over  lbs in the last  wks. i have been overweight all my life and always had high blood pressure. my blood pressure has been lower than it has been in over  yrs until about - wks ago. it is trending back up with no dietary change or decrease in exercise. can dehydration or not enough ""cool down"" time from physical activity be to blame?"
my mother has type  diabetes. she lost  pounds and watched her blood sugar until recently. how can i address this?
do i have to pay when i sign up for a policy in the health exchanges or is there a payment plan?
i have been experiencing very shallow breathing shivers legs feel numb?
what is the cost of lantus solostar under medicare plan b?
my doctor said i should adopt a gluten-free diet but how do i know which foods are gluten-free?
will it be difficult to eat with a dental bridge?
for the past few days i have been experiencing dizziness and slight pressure in my head is it anxiety related? . i was taking birth control but was having side effects so i stopped a few days ago. my symptoms tend to come and go a lot of the times i notice them when i am at work. when i am home relaxing the symptoms seem to go away. i do worry a lot and wonder if this could be anxiety related (i have been having tests done for possibly a risk of cervical cancer) or possibly still having side effects to my birth control.
how does krill oil help with fighting cancer
my  year old daughter has been sick and now she has a temperature of . . is this too low? should we be concerned? . please help any way you can. thank you in advance.
what is prostatitis?
can an alcoholic have a heart attack if he quits drinking sudenly? . person has been drinking a fifth or more for past  days.
i have sex - times a month unprotected for a year with no pregnancy should i be worried about my sperm count? . it is with the same girl each time and usually only on weekends. her schedule is a usual - day cycle and she usually ovulates around wednesday-friday so should i be worried about my sperm count (i am a hypochondriac at times)
can an endoscopy and colonoscopy be performed at the same visit? is there a reason not to do that?
expert advice needed for anger and depression for saving marriage. i need an expert advice on my wife behavior. regarding my wife issue she gets angry frequently without reasons. when she gets angry she shouts and even try to hit me few times and remains angry this way for few hours my family try to avoid talks with her thinking she might can get angry for some or other reasons and blame them. she is unable to mix with people and gets afraid or even depressed. she gets angry when she is tired of the work when she is unable to find any solution.
what are the types of sinus infections?
my  month will not eat anything and we offer a variety. he has been sick getting over a cold but will not eat
my  year old has stomach pains and cant poop.
can semen still impregnate a girl once it has been exposed to air or does the semen die? thanks.
direct me to articles on meat allergies either at web md or elswhere on the internet. allergic to the protein in red meat. what foods hide meat in their ingredients. what can i eat to avoid meat? is drinking milk and dairy in the same category as red meat. is chicken and turkey considered meat.
concern re: son stares with eyes wide sometimes looks sideways while staring intently at things. should i worry? . just started. not sure if it's from being too tired. he says nothing is wrong.
can you get the chickenpox yet not be uncomfortable? . my  year old son was vaccinated for chickenpox when young. in the last  hours he has all the tell-tale signs of chickenpox - a few bumps that spread all over his body light fever but he doesn't itch at all. does this happen? we don't know whether to let him ride it out or check to see if it's something else. thanks!
i have fever several times a day with pressure in lower abdomen?
how long after changing my diet should i expect to see a drop of my blood sugar scores? . just curious. have recently been diagnosed with type  and have changed my diet significantly. how long before a diet change would influence my numbers?
im having an abortion on saturday but i am sick with a sore throat & cough should i still go through with the abortion?
is it normal to have you're period every other month? even if it skips the following cycle? . i used to be on bc (loestrin) and i took myself off of it because my fiance and i are trying to have a baby. i have been off the pill for about  months now and i have my normal discharge. only issue with it that's not normal is there's a slight odor. i get my period every other month. sometimes it even skips the following cycle and i won't get it for two months. i don't understand what went wrong and every pregnancy test i have taken came back negative. should i be worried about infertility?
 days after  days of flagyl cipro treatment i am now suffering off and on loose stools for  days. when will it go away. i was given this medication for a possible bacterial diarreha. had terrible side effects throughout the first  days (they all started once i was done with the drug). now it has been  days i am done with treatment and i am having off and on lose stools. no more explosive diarreha and not more than twice a day. . what is the best way to improve this besides taking probiotics and when should i start having normal bowel movements?
should a oral surgeon remove impacted wisdom teeth if the patient has a sinus infection. what are the risks if they do it?
what can i do to lower my chances of getting heart disease with premarin intravenous?
what should i do if i'm thinking about getting pregnant?
my heart rate often goes as high as  beats per minute when i exercise. i am in my mid-. should i worry about this? i monitor my blood saturation and it sometimes drops into the low . i have been doing this same kind of workout (squash) for  years.
is it normal to bleed a lot during sex for the first time? now it burns whenever i pee.
facial pain tingling numbness along with ear pain and fatgue brain mri found several lesions?
can i drink wine while taking estrogen pills? . i just had a full hysterectomy and my dr. put me on estrodial i wanted to make sure it's safe to drink a glass of wine (white zinfandel) any info you can provide would be appreciated.
what is the connection between mitral valve prolapse and fibromyalgia?
why did the podiatrist give me a full leg air cast for mild turf toe? . i have the best insurance possible % coverage highmark bluecross blueshield - ppo blue. did they do this just to get more money for themselves? i know that they have smaller air casts that come to mid calf. this just seems very unnecessary
what are some common causes of male infertility?
can conjunctivitis in your eye happen from a common cold? . have had a common cold that started  days ago. woke up this morning with my eye stuck shut from discharge. is this caused by my cold or do i need to see a doctor for medication? from what i have read it sounds like this might be something that will clear up on it's own since i am pretty sure it is related to my cold.
what is the difference between a cyst and an abscess?
is it better to wash your face before you exercise and sweat?
hi i just turned  and my penis is .  inches long is this normal and why does it grow so quick
what is radiation therapy?
extreme pain after sex. can't straighten body and i have an iud and can feel the strings. the pain lasted for about twenty minutes or more in my stomach area and it was so extreme it made me cry and i was so scared it caused me to have some gas. i have never experienced this much pain before. i ended up take ibuprofen and it helped but now the next morning i'm still having lingering pain when i move around in my abdominal area.
causes of nausea tightness around mid-section shortness of breath sweating trembling and pain (not heart or anxiety). heart had been checked  year ago with all tests possible and everything perfect. electrocardiogram at emergency room showed no change. have gastroparesis and esophageal spasms but have not had an attack like this before. gall bladder removed  / years ago. had slightly elevated white count (had sinus infection) and sligtly low potassium level. woke up in the night with nausea and went downhill from there. a lot of pain and trouble breathing with sweating and trembling hands.
ingested green potatoes? . my husband made beef stew last night and put yellow unpeeled potatoes in which i later noticed hadturned green and even had a rotted one in the bag he didnt notice. today im couch surfing with a tight abdomen slight nausea and gas (burping and flatulence) my husband also claimed he was under the weater but chalked it up to skipping breakfast which i did not do. im curious if this is just a run out the clock drink fluids issue or if i need to seek medical attention.
i was found unconscious at work. black eye broken maxilla concussion no bruising anywhere
is zicam safe during the third trimester of pregnancy
i have and enlarged spleen and the pain is worse then ever should i go to hospital? . my doctor put my on very strong pain killer for the spleen and my gallbladder pain unfortunitly the pain in my upper left stomich is getting worse even with the pills i need to know i i shouldgo to the hospital or wait to see my family doctor again
what kind of snacks would you recommend for people who are diabetic?
can a penile fungal infection remain in underwear and cause constant reinfection? . have been dealing with some sort of irritation for months on the tip of my penis that i can not find the cause for. have tried antibiotics antifungals and almost everything else (have seen many doctors). one doctor suggested i buy all new underwear as well as use an antifungal as it may be fungal but i keep getting reinfected from my tainted underwear. is this possible?
orange period blood. i have orange period blood test was negative for infection and pregnant now i throw up every morning and my breast tender sleepy and milk coming out of my breast and my stomach been hurting and still don't know what wrong i going back to doctor on august  th for more test. why this going on? does anyone know can u please help me
does a vasectomy cause heart disease later in life
is it safe to drink if i am trying to conceive but got my period? . i am ttc and have an irregular cycle. i got my period a week early and it lasted about  days flow was typical. first day of my previous cycle was / and i had intercourse on cd    . i then got my period on / but still took a pregnancy test on / (negative). my birthday is on /; is it safe to say i am not pregnant and have some drinks or is there another way to tell for sure? i figured after having my period and having a neg pregnancy test i did not conceive this.
cut off arm mole and inside of wound is yellow with red around it need stitches and antibiotic other than neosporin? . mole had been getting worse in the sun and since i don't have insurance i tried to take care of it on my own but now i'm worried the wound isn't healing correctly. i had a tetanus shot so i'm not worried about that but i have pain now in my forearm in the area surround the wound. thanks for your help.
i had unprotected sex the day i was supposed to start my period now i'm  days late. could i be pregnant? . my husband and i had unprotected sex and during it i started what we thought was my period and respectively so it was on time. so he ejaculated inside of me. once in the light we realized it was just a brownish discharge not exactly my period and that was it. i didn't discharge again and i also never started my period. now i'm  ish days late. could i be pregnant?
my sister was prescribed zetia. is there anywhere we can get her help with this medicine? she is on a fixed income.
can a -year-old woman get ovarian cancer?
is rosacea like acne?
im exercising for a month since not losing weight. also cut down my meals
i'm trying to get pregnant and have been unsuccessful my husband masturbates several times a day is that the problem
my  old son has patches on his back and stomach. it may be ring worms?
my wife is not pregnant but she is producing milk from her left breast?
 years old having chronic pain between shoulders for over . months?
i can't take prescription drugs for erectile dysfunction. will a penis pump work?
what are the different kinds of epilepsy?
are there any risks going under general anastesia while taking adderall reguraly? . im going in to have my gullbladder removed and im worried about going under and having complications due to the use of adderall and its effect on the heart.
can chickenpox be prevented with a vaccine?
what are lymphocytes?
i've had a knee replacement in . i am experiencing excurating pain in this knee when trying to bend the knee. i also have pain when lifting my leg. could something be wrong with the knee replacement?
ct scan found a  stone in left kidney (oxalate stones) took antibiotics but pain is now back?
can exercise delay a period? ( days late). past  ive been running everyother day/exercising  min every night
what is the safe way to stop taking insulin. i am reducing the amount of insulin each day and keeping a close watch on blood sugar numbers
i have a stiff neck a stomach that doesnt digest and swollen eyes?
i am a -year-old woman who still gets acne are there any topical treatments that work?
we lost our only daughter  year ago i have severe upper back pain head ache memory loss and difficultly breathing?
i am taking . - of hydrocodone/acetaminophen does this cause crawly skin can anyone help also can i ge just hydrocod
i have a white pus coming out of the tip of my penis?
is a hematocrit level of .  low enough to cause symptoms of shortness of breath and extreme fatigue?
how can i remove -- or at least minimize -- the dark circles around my eyes?
how can hepatitis c be prevented?
is it normal for a doctor to put you on high blood pressure if he has not sean you before.  years old no previous heart or blood presure problems.
what causes dysentery?
i have a freckle the size of a pencil eraser. it is round and recently changed colors on the outer edge. should i worry?
my lips seemed to be thinning as i get older. i don't want injections. are there other options for me?
why is my belly button poking out. my belly button is starting to pop out on one side there is no pain or weird ssymptoms. what could this be?
i got the depo shot and then a week later i had unprotected can i become pregnant?
can estrogen cause erythema nodosum
my daughter has not had a voice for  weeks only a whisper?
can osteoarthritis in back cause pain in my lft gluteal muscle into hip joint down frnt thigh and not be able to walk? . i frequently have the pain in my gluteal muscle and the pain in my hip joint. after too much house work or shopping the pain gets really bad in my hip into the side and front of my thigh. it has gotten severe enough that i can not lift my leg to walk. after sitting a while i can walk again but it comes back. ice relives the pain and after about a week of using ice sometimes over-night pain in my thigh leaves. can arthritis cause these issues?
the first day of my last period was // and still no period and took preg test t was negative. what does this mean? . i was also on the pill but have never missed a period or been late till now. i went to the doctors and all my labs came back normal. my thyroid and my hormone levels all normal. i had a ultrasound and it was normal as well. i had no period in november and so far nothing for dec. i'm no longer on the pill i stopped it for this month. i was supposed to start my period the week of nov.  but nothing and i went to the doctors on december  . today is december  and still no period.
i have a lump on my vagina that came back after it went away for a week it came back alot more painful and alot bigger
i use crutches after injured ankle and foot becomes very red and purple and my foot begins to throb?
after working out i sometimes get a pain in my backside. it seems similar to sciatica. how can i ease this pain?
i am trying to get pregnant. the ovulation calendar needs an exact date my period ends. how do i calculate that?
i had a face lift two weeks ago i now have nerve damage on left side of my face?
will stretching the throat by endoscopy help get rid of thrush? . my dad  years old was diagnosed with thrush  weeks ago and has been given diflucan for all this period of time. there has been no improvement in his swallowing and he is nauseated and has thrown up. the therapist has put him on pureed diet which he will not eat. he had cancer on throat years ago and radiation burned his taste buds up. the therapist says he is having silent aspiration and is thickening everything he drinks which he hates. will endoscopy help rid the thrush?
i am currently drawing social security disability benefits with my medicare eligibility effective in january. . my health insurance currently is through the state of texas health pool/bcbs. my premiums are $/month originally $ /month until i was found to qualify for the reduced premium due to low income. i am unsure how/when to cancel the bcbs. after speaking to someone in the social security office they told me that i don't have to do anything to begin medicare coverage that it would happen automatically. i feel that i need advice as to what it will cost me and if i should get a supplemental policy since my medical bills and prescriptions are frequent and expensive.
is this site able to let us maybe hook up with someone?
can i remove my drainage tube on my own. my wife came home from the hospital with a drainage tube for a benign cyst we were told that when it stopped draining the tube could be removed. i have not been able to get anyone out to the house to remove it. can i remove it myself? it stopped over a week ago. the hospital has dropped the ball on getting a rn out here.
how can i prevent and treat groin odour?
is it okay to use tint clearasil k during pregnancy?
what is lactose intolerance?
i had sex on a friday took plan b saturday morning and had sex again on sunday could i be pregnant? . my period is  days late is this an effect of plan b or pregnancy?
"how to cure the so called ""burning lip syndrome""? only continuous application of eletone slightly relieves it. girlfriend . been to many doctors and dermatologists. puffy swollen burning painful lips. over  years w/ problem. . had allergy patch. negative. . biopsy showed only inflammation. medications:"
period like symptoms no period? or could i be pregnant. hi i've had for the last week. slight cramping on and off. sore breasts. milky white discharge over a week. period is  days late. it does feel like my period is coming but nothing. have had unprotected sex with partner. and have done test at  days late but negative
"i failed  tests at a neurology consult. the knee jerk reflex & i'm unable to walk heel toe without falling. pls help. i am  y/o female s/p breast ca x + yrs. i have osteopenia  cervical and  lumbar herniated discs. a long standing history of tension headaches & migraines. . at a new neurologist consult this past week i ""failed"" the knee jerk test. more worrisome is that i can not walk heel toe heel toe without falling over. what should be my next step? and what may be the reason for this?"
what problems could occur from blood pressure cup to tight?
how long is one shot or pen of humira effective for (rheumatoid arthritis)?
sun burn how do you treat facial sun burn with diabetic complications and can't use steroids
can i be pregnant? on birth control pills. i have been on the pill for over a year. take it pretty regularly (maybe / to  hour off). last week i had sex without a condom a day before my period. got my period like normal the next day. its been a week now and my stomach seems a bit off with mild cramping. could this be pregnancy?
can doctors mistakenly think a urine sample is contaminated when it's actually an illness? . the nurse called and said my sample was contaminated by i know i cleaned thoroughly and didn't touch the cup before during or after. and i did a clean catch. is it possible that a bacteria or something made it appear to be contaminated?
tingling at end of penis giving urge to urinate. within  minutes of urinating i start to feel a tingling at end of penis with the urge to urinate and when i go there usually is some more discharge of urine but not a lot and sometimes just a few drops. i have had to make as many as  trips in an hour to the bathroom
can you get hiv from urine?
migraine  few hour breaks been treated most drugs and botox are there any clinics for me this has destroyed my life. these since childhood / it became constant only relief few hours on some days been to several drs and have had most listed drugs for this including botox. most are now lost and fall back on try this call me in a month. this is not a headache once a day this is constant with relief only a few hours on some days. no med has made a noticeable effect in severity or relief except painmeds. is there any special clinics or place i can get some help? how do i. contact them? . is there someplace to go?
my work place provides health insurance options. . for myself and my family i'd have to pay $/month for an epo insurance. are there any other options that are less expensive? i've heard about state funded programs that might be affordable.
can x-ray differentiate rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis?
my girlfriend took  ibuprofen this morning and  tylenol at  est can she take either again? . migraines and a bit of a tooth ache still from a removed impacted premolar.
how is epilepsy treated?
will bactrim help my sore throat
my boyfriend had cum on his hand for about  minutes so it was dried. he fingered me after can i get pregnant from that
i have had my medicare plan since  and my federal supplement plan for the same length of time. i hope it will be left alone. i have too many medical problems to have my care turned upside down now. i like the care i have with the doctors i have now. will i be affected by the aca?
i had a catheter in for  weeks how long should i expect to experience incontinence after having a cathether removed? . i had the catheter put in during hernia surgery and they had issues getting it in place. the urethral tube was damaged during placement and i was given antibiotics in case of infection. the catheter was left in for  weeks to allow the urethral tube to heal. after having the catheter removed i have experienced some leakage and am concerned about how long this will last
can crestor (or another statin) and/or warfarin raise blood-sugar levels overnight?
are common allergies contagious to other? . i have a common allergies from rag weed in the late summer and fall. my friend thinks my allergies is contagious. is she right?
i am a  year old female who is considering going back on psychiatric medication?
can i go swimming in a salt water pool with shingles? . can i go swimming in a salt water pool with shingles?
how is paraphimosis treated?
currently i don't have health insurance because i have advanced stage copd and can't work thus i have no income. how will the new health insurance laws affect me?
just got results of blood work showed high potassium level what could be cause and dangers?
i have been taking synthroid for at least  years now want to get pregnant?
abscess between my legs taking antibiotics. what next?
if i have to go to the hospital for my asthma how is it treated?
i started having a burning uncomfortable pain in my right flank area?
how to tell if you pregnant? . i have started talking a new generic birth control pill and the week before my sugar pill week and getting me period i had abnormal bleeding where it was clear bloody (like urine) not very think and bloody like if i were to miss pills and take them to catch up and spot. it lasted the spotting occasionally for a couple days especially during intercourse. the week of my period i did not get any of the pms symptoms i normally get. i bleed very little and when i lie on my belly it hurts a lot
is it dangerous to have these (<link> magnets in my collar all day? . hey there . just wondering if there are any long term effects to having thesemagnetic collar stays hovering around my collar bones all day. am i going to get weird tumours or something? will it mess with the iron in my blood? . thanks
is pregnancy possible when semen lands near the vagina? help. exactly a week ago i was rubbing my penis over my girlfriends vagina while having not-penetrative sex she's a virgin. i was about to come so she. moved it away and covered it with her hands. the semen landed on her inner thigh and a few seconds later when we hurried to wash up she got some on her vagina. she immediately washed it off with soap and shower gel. this morning she was feeling a little ill she didn't throw up but she felt like it for a moment. . is pregnancy possible in this case?
i am a female who tested positive for chlamydia and  days into treatment i masturbated with a showerhead im scared help
i have sinus infection went to er now feel no energy tired and weak?
my period has been late by  days. i am trying to conceive. please help.
my skin started itching after using a new detergent. i am taking an antihistamine to relieve it. what more can i do?
my son is  and has walking pneumonia. is some activity ok or should he just lay low? about how long?
is there any validity to the idea that daith piercing of the ear can help migraine? . some believe that it may have similar benefits to acupuncture/pressure point therapy
how effective is spinal decompression for low back pain?
is there a diet plan for rheumatoid arthritis patients on prednisone? . i have a + year history of rheumatoid arthritis. i've been on prednisone for most of those years taking  -  mgs. p/day. although i try to watch what i eat i have a difficult time controlling my appetite and i'm  pounds overweight. my doctors are telling me the extra weight is hard on my joints heart etc. i know that's true and i want to lose those  pounds. please help.
can there be a shoulder tear that's not seen due to arthritis. i injured my left shoulder and mri shows acromioclavicular arthritis but i didn't have pain before the injury. could there be a tear and mri can't see it due to arthritis?
can cold air blowing directly on a body part cause cellulitis of that area?
is there a test for genital herpes?
what are the effects of lack of sex? . is sex deprivation. documented. to cause any harm. i am a  male suffering from depression anxiety ocd and panic attacks. i have extremely strong sexual urges but i have been suppressing them and i wonder if this could contribute to or exaggerate my depressive suffering. could you please recommend other sources to learn more about this or any website which offer help to the likes of me. i have been jobless for a long time and can't afford expensive therapy so any free help will be great.
had sex  each day for week. got period day after this week. could i be pregnant? . i got my period june . and just noticed that i think i got it again today . my period seems to follow a pattern of coming earlier each month. i am stressed and experience anxiety. i am sexual active but am in a long distance relationship so when i see my bf i have sex occur frequently then not at all until i see him the next time. could i be pregnant? is this my period?
can zoloft cause intrusive thoughts?
i lost a loved one who was shot in the head twice brain dead but organs working?
how long past expiration date can you use tetracycline?
what may be the cause of my left calf muscle to burn when i walk. i do sit for hours at work. i have had mri and the mri appeared normal.
i had sex / /. got my period / i feel like i'm pregnant. can i be pregnant
vyvanse and bc. i started taking vyvanse. i have been on the bc for years now i am rally good about taking it at the same time. i read that taking both pills at the same time can cause you to see more side effects of the bc but i wonder if my birth control is still effective as it normally is in protecting against pregnancy even though i am taking vyvanse? i know there are factors that can cause pregnancy but i am wondering when taking both pills is the contraceptive effect of birth control neutralized? .
why is there urine in my semen and what should i do about it? . i have had urine in my semen for at least two weeks. it's white when it first comes out but towards the endof ejaculation it feels a tiny bit weird and urine comes out as well. so it is light yellow and it smells different than normal semen. so i just would like to know what could be a possible cause of this what i should do to stop it and if i should se a doctor which i don't want to do? also i just started college and have been eating dining hall food a lot recently. thanks for any help
i have a history of a high frequency of bowel movements everyday. on average i go three times sometimes more in one day. i have always seemed to have an active digestive system and problems with upset stomach. it is coming to a point where everyday activities including work is being compromised. i literally have to use the restroom  times during a single shift at work and most likely once at home. is this normal? it makes it hard to plan activities at times and very uncomfortable at work.
is a heart attack or cardia arrest ultimately more life threatening?
sudden fever chills headache neck pain ringing in ears started about  ago help
i was told im severely allergic to beef eggs milk almonds wheat and rabbit brush as well as  other things?
does a migraine always include pain or can you just have light sensitivity?
how bad do the symptoms of depression have to be to get ect (electro-convulsive therapy) treatments?
my period is - days late and i'm very lightly spotting could i be pregnant? . i should of had my period start on / and on the  i had very light blood that was barley red and then i put a tampon in and when i took it out there was no more and since then when i wipe once or twice i seen pinkish color but no actual blood. we have been trying to conceive for quite sometime. do you think this could mean i'm pregnant or no?
can hemorroids have open wounds?
i went to the er on tuesday because i was coughing up blood?
what are my chances of getting pregnant if i just got over my period and had sex right away but don't have any bc pills? . i just got off my period as of thursday night october  and had sex with my boyfriend the next night (friday october ). i don't have any birth control left to start a new pack this week and have to wait to start a new pack next week. i don't want to start taking my birth control again if i know that i am highly possible of getting pregnant. what are my chances of getting pregnant and when is the earliest i can take a home pregnancy test?
my  tsh level is normal.  is high by. . what is the prescription of medciation
im concerned about my  year old not getting enough fluoride since we live in germany. what do you recommend she get?
how can insulin dosage effect cortisol levels.  yo diabetic checked for possible heart attack ruled out. was told insulin dosage may be too high causing cortisol reaction that caused his symptoms
what are the therapy options for previously untreated patients with chronic hepatitis c?
how do i exercise with fibromyalgia when it takes a week to recover?
inserting finger into girls vagina leads to pregnancy
"how long to be trying to get pregnant before consider seeing a fertility doctor. i'm  years old been with my husband  years trying for  months. i'm starting to wonder if there is something more to it; get checked? . also i'm  years. is that considered ""old"" therefore should consider fertility/more specialized doctor anyway?"
is tendinits and arthritist the same
what is idiopathic as it relates to parkinson's disease?
when i dont eat for more than  hours i shake get hot flashes and pass out. my sugar levels are normal when checked. uptaking sugar when this happens was my doctors advice but it doesn't always help. if i don't eat within ten minutes of this shaking and hot flashing then i pass out for over an hour. my blood pressure is lower and so is my pulse. my daily resting rate is / and hr of -. neither of which my physician was concerned with. my temperature runs in the normal from - f. shaking intensifies if i use my muscles. when resting i fell no shaking only if i move. . why?
i was in contact with a methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus (mrsa) patient?
.  mgs of valium made me sleepless a year ago. today i have a muscle spasm. is it likely to make me sleepless again? . i was experiencing a temporary period of anxiety when i tried valium for the first time a year ago and i'm wondering if that could have caused the hyper feeling and insomnia. i'm not anxious now but have a very painful muscle spasm and am considering trying the same low .  dose but i'm concerned that it could cause insomnia again.
my calf is twice the size of my other calf with severe pain
can a over dose of ether during child birth by c section cause addhd. my mother had a c section when she gave birth to me. i am told she was given ether and i recieved too much. can this cause addhd and what other effects can this cause in me.
the last time i had sex its hurt more then is use to and after i found three white bumps what could this mean. the last time i had sex it was more painful then the other times. my vigina start to swell up at little. when i touch my vigina i found some white bumps near the opening of my vigina hole. also whatever i use the bathroom or take an bath when i pea and put water near the bumps they burn. also before this there was an bump near my anus open now its gone away. i haven't have sex since i found the bumps and i havent yet seen a doctor.
im a young athlete and my period is such a hassle considering a hysterectomy just to get rid of it?
what fruits can you eat and still keep healthy glucose levels? . i am prebiabetic. i hear you should eat fruit but doesn't that have sugar?
can a mammogram detect whether a lump found in the breast of a male is fat cells or a tumor? . a male friend of mine has been advised to have a mammogram even though a biopsy already ruled out cancer in a lump he found in his breast. the doctor indicates he is not certain if it is fat cells or a tumor. can a mammogram detect this? and why would they not already know this information from having performed a biopsy?
its been over  hours and the baby has no vowel movement is this normal?
my friend's son has been diagnosed with hypochondroplasia. kindly suggest the best treatment.
what are at-home remedies for hives?
sexual health? how can i increase my semen (due to much masturbation). i m starting masturbation in the age of  yr. regularly many time in a day. now i am  yr. i have following major problems:. . erectile dysfunction. . premature ejaculation. . low sperm count (after masturbation semen has comes only - drops and very slander). can i pregnant my wife in this situation? please sir help me
does the liver break down more than one toxin at a time or does it eliminate the most toxic first exclusively?
ive been ill for the past seven weeks need a second doctor opinion?
when i gave birth i tore very very badly urine is now inside my vaginal canal?
can you get pregnant post depo prevera without having a period for ? . i have been off the shot since oct  . that was my last shot. i started the nuva ring jan   and still have not had a period.
they found a  cm cyst on my left kidney now grown to  cm?
im on cumdine = so i cant eat any dark leafy veggies -what other foods cant i eat? . i need a guide= to what i can eat and cant eat- on cumidine? '. . can i eat peanuts? . can i eat potatoes? . if i eat veggies? how much each day or do i alternate= with a salad. . i eat a handful since i do not know if a cup a day- is just vegetable or includes green salad- a cupful?
my daughter has had a pretty regular period for two and a half years. now no period and severe pain. not pregnant! <positive_smiley>. she is  / not pregnant. the pain is off and on. she is a little overweight but active in sports - days a week. she is not sexually active. she started her period right before her  birthday. she has severe cramping and heavy menses it runs in the family but endometriosis does not. gynecologist in a week but i am concerned that the follicle is being release or not being released or gettin obstructed in the fallopian tube. do i need to seek medical attention sooner?
i had a  hour protien done and the levels came back high. i have type  diabetes. is there any treatments? .
<link> vogue firming. cream reviews of us have to comply with any a little bit distinct skincare regimen inside the wintertime. a separate skincare plan in partnership with the rest of the aspects will assist you to increase ones marriage magnificence. using the nation's company with regard to work basic safety as well as well being virtually nine hundred ingredients utilised in skincare makeup products are actually known to. <link>
im pregnant but i had sex yesterday and he came in me is that bad
why do you take some medicines on an empty stomach and at the same time every day?
how does hiv and aids cause ilness?
i stopped taking ambien  weeks agao and cannot sleep and having major depressive episodes. is there a possible relation to quitting the ambien?
what fertility and sexual issues are related to radiation therapy?
missed  periods negitive pregnancey test and little spotting but major cramps and neasue and no energy whats wrong? . i haven't had a period since july  and im still showing negative on my pregnancy tests! i have been having some major cramps and i have had some spotting but that's it. i also have no energy just very tired even after sleeping a full  hours. what else could be making me feel like this im only  and i have a toddler and i have had a miscarriage last year im just not sure what i can do!
short term memory issues aching head daily crying spells?
can i get pregnant after unprotected anal sex during my ovulation period? my bf ejaculated inside my anus i m worried. i m very worried about this and how soon will i know. how many days it will take to find out. it was a week ago since it happened. thank you.
i stubbed my big toe almost  year ago it is still black and now the big toe on the other foot is starting to get black. the toe nail is not complety black it started in the middele of the nail and goes toward the skin. i have tried to see if the toe nail would fall of but has not. the other toe know has a little black line in the middle of my toe just like the other one started.
my period was  days early and lasted  days but my test were all negative could i be pregnant. i picked up an appetitie. also i've been having this cramp on the right side of my stomach. i took a test  weeks ago and it was negative. then i took another one lastnight and it also was negative. i came on my period october  and it ended october . on the  i was just spotting. i was originally supposed to come on my period october .
what happens to femoral (or brachial) artery when the respective limb is surgically amputated?
does a human lose the ability to eat red meat if the amount eaten has been severly reduced? . if so will i slowly become accustomed to eating more red meat?
what could cause severe groin pain?
my right foot ct scan shows distortion my leg is swollen?
ive been living with candida yeast infection for about  years now. i didnt know till like a year ago what candida was?
is having a bakers cyct reson to have knee replacement? can a bakers cyct just be removed? a. i'm not a doctor or try to be but my pain is behind my knee and my doctor said it was a baker cyct. i have had the cyct drained and styroids injected about  times which feels great for about  months. my doctor seams to think i should consider knee replacement. i don't understand why my pain is all on the back of my knee and not in my knee. can you help?
how many naproxen  mg can i take at one time? . i am taking the naproxen for a bulging disk and i have mild degenerative arthritis in my ankle.
is it normal for the side of your face to go numb after having the - flu vaccine? what can be done about it? . i received the flu vaccine on saturday and woke up sunday morning with the right side of my face numb. it feels like you do after getting an injection to have teeth pulled. i have been told that i also have aquired a twitch on that side of my face.
is it possible for n male to get genital herpes from an infected female by masturbation with saliva as lubricant?
are there any treatments for panic disorder above and beyond therapy and medication? i'm desperate. . i've given up my vices: no smoking no alcohol no super fatty foods which were a weird trigger in my opinion no caffeine little sugar. i exercise i meditate. i have a psychiatrist and a therapist and a student health advocate. i take medication my life is actually pretty well ordered and i'm happy when i'm not panicking. . it's crippling and i structure my life around avoiding panic attacks. i feel i'll lose my mind. . what's the answer? electroshock? beta blockers? surgery? please help.
what is worse? a laceration or a skin avulsion?
can bacterial vaginosis come back after getting treated?
finished my breast cancer treatment joints in my finger are red and swollen it wakes me up all night from painful numbness?
if we already have health insurance through our employers but want to shop around for better rates can we? . or is this strictly for those without health insurance options?
ive been having these episodes of dizziness lightheaded etc for over a month?
i smoked cigs for  month averaging about  a day. just wondering if any irreversible was done. i did quit since then. i started smoking for a month after a period of depression a couple of months ago - cigs most days with a couple more on bad days. i would estimate i probably had  packs total over the period. i went cold turkey as i started to get my life together and hated the ill feeling from them. i exercise regularly and eat healthy and i am still young. i would just like to clear my head and hear that i did no damage permanent to my lungs. i know it takes a bit to recover hopefully to %.
can the flu cause complications?
my bc pill orsythia has been causing me awful acne. what do i do? . throughout high school i have never had acne. when i started orsythia i began breaking out extremely badly (white heads scarring welting). i don't want to get off bc because my periods are very bad without it. my doctors continuously told me to wait it out for months and after months they continued to tell me to wait it out. i have been on it for a little over a year and still have acne. what should i do?
why did i get a uti days after finishing antibiotics for h. pylori?
is a person covered if they got an expired flu shot? should they get another one?
my eyes give a yellow discharge day and night. what can i do?
what are some warning signs that i should look out for that mean i should see a dermatologist right away?
can you live without a heart? . i have a science school project that is all about the heart! can you fill me in?
my husband felland he is alright but has a nasty bruise on his forearm do we put heat or cold on it?
"what causes pain nausea and blockage in the colon/abdomen? . i know a college aged person who has been suffering from pain and nausea. the doctors mentioned ""appendigitis"" (not appendicitis). she was hospitalized for days but then seemed to get better. however she is now having the same symptoms again. she is going to have exploratory surgery. she had a recent colonoscopy which showed no problem. have you heard of appendigitis? no one in the medical profession that i know seems to know what it is. in fact they have never heard of it!"
how to find ovulation period. how to find ovulation period of my gf and avoid pregnancy
how many calories are burned when swimming a mile? . a mile at a moderate speed. i am  and female
i have pain in my right butt cheek it affects my leg i have taken pain pills and muscle relaxers but it still hurts. cannot lay or sit on this side
was skiing and fell on my knee cap. now  days later i just heard a pop and its throbbing and its severe pain! . they did an xray but they didn't have an mri machine available. i will not be able to access a doctor for another - days. a half hour the pop happened and it really hurts. on a scale of - ( being like you've just been shot) its more of an . 
what is a virus?
my primary doctor diagnosed me with anxiety disorder and prescribed xanax and zoloft. why do i still have panic attacks?
blood pressure is <negative_smiley> with nausea after shoveling some light snow. i am  female with slightly high bp. concerns? . i do have slightly high bp normally and take blood pressure pills. also have chronic nausea.
my daughter has not had a voice for  weeks only a whisper?
i've had diarrhea for a few months now my skin breaks out bad and i havent had a period in over  days and i have cramp. this effects my social life because i cant leave the house or go eat without having to go to the bathroom within  minutes of when i eat also i get chills where my arm hair will stand up but i can be sweating at the same time now i am starting to get cramps in my upper abdominal and lower right abdominal area and i cant eat much at all just a few bites and i feel so full
i was recently diagnosed with innapropriate sinus tachycardia worried heart rate will go too low?
how long is a cold contagious?
is my thumb broken? . i was playing soccer and i slipped on mud and landed right on my thumb i suspect that is fractured is it?
i have extremely pitted tonsils and i get tonsil stones every day. its taking a toll on my life. can i get them removed? . every day i have to take out these small to huge tonsil stones. water tastes bad now and i'm nervous that my breath is bad.  weeks ago i woke up with bleeding tonsils. urgent care said i had to wait for it to heal and wouldn't take my tonsils out unless i was getting infections. doctors have said that i have the worst tonsils they have ever seen but that i just need to drink more water or brush more. i have listened to everything but its getting worse. is there anybody else that can help me?
i have swimmers ear cyprodex doesnt work?
is allegra good for acute broncitus
can keloid be cancerous? and how does one contain the itching and the pain?
is it ok to take my birth control (loestrin fe /) and omeprazole together in the morning?
i have planters wart r/ft. dr has frozen but has not helped. f/is very very sore and swollen. i want to know what the next step in healing the planters wart?
what does it mean when the fluid from an aspirated gang lion cist is bloody?
my sister has attacks with severe headaches and sudden chills then it ends with shivering like fits?
 yr old son has a rash that comes and goes no other symptoms dr do not know what it is. need help please. no new detergents or foods nothing has changed in the environment he lives in sometimes it itches sometimes it does not. er drs say its a viral thing because they don't know.
is fainting during mammogram a common occurance?
i never had chicken pox and am taking care of my mother who has shingles. should i be vaccinated?
will castor oil help your eyebrows to grow? . i read that putting castor oil olive oil and/or vaseline on your eyebrows will help them to grow back in more fully. i am trying to see if that is true.
i have fever and body ache and eye pain shivers
my husband has had a fever and a cough for over  now. not pneumonia (had xray  days ago) what could it be? . his fever ranges between -. he is coughing up lots of mucous but doesn't feel any sinus congestion (no runny nose). he has been on an antibiotic for  now. he says it is helping a little but it's not taking care of the fever or cough just making the mucous less green. he had a chest x-ray  ago but it didn't show pnumonia should he be x-rayed again? he is also very pale in color as well as is experiencing dizziness headache and nausea. had a cbc blood work came back normal.
i have had raised bumps on my face for years now?
i am  day post op from a knee replacement and i have a few patches of red?
i underwent vaginal septum removal im experiencing vaginal rash and labia irritation
could you recommend me a best antageing serum for night. i sm  male. hi i am  years old male from india. i would like to use a best serum for applying in night to reduce/prevent wrinkles as well as get a clear and even tone. i have combination skin type. please advice. thank you
my daughter  has female jock-ich then she shaved her pubic area and the bumps are horrible. shes in so much pain shes. using anti-fungle cream and triple antibiotic cream and shes using a heating pad for the pain. please help! . thank you . worried mother
health check during pregnancy
i accidentally sat on a toilet that had fecal matter on the front of the bowl and under the seat. should i be worried? . it was in a public toilet. the seat itself looked clean but i noticed too late that there was stuff along the front of the toilet where my pants or belt could have touched. i feel so gross but i can't go home and change. should i be worried that i'm covered in someone else's diseased germs?
i have chronic shortness of breath?
why do high fiber foods give me indigestion. i take prilosec but i still get really bad indigestion - not a burning but a painful and dry burbing indigestion. only happens when i eat high fiber foods - just about any and all of them - but especially in the evening or at night. what gives?
 year old heart burns acid reflex stress out of breath can this be cancer or stress?
 yr old boy has a yeast infection rash. we are going boating. is it safe for him to go in the lake water with this? . the nurse at the little clinic had a look and confirmed it is yeast and not plain diaper rash. my son is not immunocompromised he is not ill. i am just concerned about putting his infected bottom in the reservoir we are going boating on this week (too late to turn back now all paid for) because giardia(sp? ). yes i have purchased an otc anti-fungal cream.
i have to burp often as i am speaking to a crowd. public speaking is part of my job. how do i stop the gas? . i do not feel like i have anxiety over speaking in front of people. the burping is a bit gross and very annoying for me. i make sure i do not drink a coke before speaking only water.
is it safe for my child to eat their diaper? . the child is  years old and will be watching tv or doing anything and just reach back and grab pieces of his diaper and start eating them. sometimes they are big pieces and other times they are just little pieces of foam. his doctor said not to worry about it but i think there is more to it.
can a type  diabetic eat unsweetened applesauce
how can i drug test my  month old at home? . i believe my  month old is being drugged by someone in my home and i would like to drug test him at home without notifying the police in case i am wrong.
will gonorrhea go away without treatment? how long does it last? . my partner tested positive for gonorrhea and chlamydia about a month ago. i am negative. he claims he contracted it from an affair  years ago and was never treated. is this possible?
i have had a recurring bump on the shaft of my penis for a little over a year. its red but doesnt hurt. what could it be. the bump does not burn sting or hurt in any way. it seems to be around where some pubic hair is. i have had sexual contact before with my now ex girlfriend and am wondering if it is an std. i have given blood not because of the bump but because i wanted to and got my results back. they gave me a card that had my blood type and name. they gave my a paper for future donations and thats it. i have also found sores in my mouth but i have stabbed myself with a toothbrush before and had sores after.
"i want to ""prove"" i do not nor have i ever had genital warts. short of removal of the penis/desection of the same how? . i have been ""accused"" of giving genital warts to a woman. we never had sex but she still accuses. i was married at the time and my now ex-wife was never given this std during our marriage. i want to ""prove"" i did not do this. yes there are criminal charges involved and the only way i was told was to ""prove"" this. short of penis removal and dissection of the same for examination is there any way to prove this. i am willing to undergo any examination whatever. please give me something."
very painfull headache. droppy right eyelid next morning & been  days still droppy. temporary or permanent & options? . a few days ago had the worst headache of my life. next day i woke up my right eye was far more ''sleepy'' then my left eye & it opened up later but was still a little ''droppy''. . did a little research & concluded that its ptosis. now my question is whether is this thing permanent or temporary. what are my options
in my case i have a health insurance policy but am unemployed. i'm hoping to get out of my policy and into one of my state's plans mainly to be paying a lower monthly premium. i'm currently in the process of filling out the necessary forms for the new policy. might i be denied since i already have insurance?
can someone who has thyroid are they able to get weight loss surgery. i have hypothyroidism n gained soo much weight after having my daughter five years ago n i've tried dieting n exercises n nothing i'm turning  in july i'm tired of feeling like a prisoner in my own body. pzz help me.
is a large amount of capsule swallowing ( daily) harmful to your body? . in a short or a long run? is there a difference between man and woman? capsule itself they're filled with herbs
can too much sex cause vaginal dryness? . my boyfriend and i have sex daily sometimes - times a day on occasion. i am sexually attracted to him and want to have sex with him but there are times when my vagina doesn't get as wet as it used to. he thinks that i'm not attracted to him anymore which is not true. can you help?
sshould i put toothpaste on a boil?
my girlfriend believes she had a herpes breakout  years ago is it possible to go that long without another? . i have dated her for  months and she has not shown any visible signs of a breakout. we have unprotected sex and i have not had any visible breakout. she has only had a cold sore once since i've known her and that went away without further incident. how long could she possibly go without her knowing that she has herpes?
i had a bad fall pain is still the same?
is it safe to take emergen-c while pregnant?
 year old has a viral infection is it safe to give her mucinex with tylenol or motrin she gets a fever. the mucinex is just for cough
pus material coating the tonsils. also have cough redness around tonsils had for a week.
when am i no longer contagious? i caught a cold then three days later developed bronchitis. i understand the cold has a three-day contagiousness window--one day before you know you are ill and two days following. but what happens when the cold develops into bronchitis? am i contagious again when the bronchitis symptoms appear? bottom line: when am i clear to return to work so i do not infect others?
is cancer a virus or bacteria?
does  ( mcg) causes bloody stool? . i just started taking sublingual vitamin  (methylcobalamin) and noticed that my stool is bloody. is this a normal reaction to the vitamin?
what are the risk factors for atherosclerosis and heart attack?
what are potential side effects of taking an antibiotic?
i have been experiencing headaches that are throbbing primarily in the back/top of my head?
can a mother who's gotten tdap vaccine give pertussis to  month old baby? . i was vaccinated for pertussis by getting the tdap shot at  weeks pregnant. when my newborn was  old she received first dtap shot & went to daycare next week.  weeks in she got first head cold but after a persistant cough we tested & confirmed she's whooping cough at  weeks old. did i give baby whooping cough or did she get it from a daycare provider? we're starting rx today but if she returns to daycare before completingmeds she may continue to be exposed to the bacteria there.
can you get a staph infection by picking a sore over and over?
can you give a child acetaminophen and an antihistamine at the same time?
what are the gallbladder and gallstones?
skinny  year old female. symptom: *lifelong* hunger and irritability esp with exercise. not diabetic. always eating! . i always feel better after i eat.
can you suggest an alternative to accutane for acne?
i have pimple like spots on my labia? one popped and had a mucousy discharge any idea what this may be? . it is a burning sensation and very little itching
why do my hands shake involuntarily? it happens when i'm trying to do something precise like pour sugar in my cup. it also happens after i've eaten something so my blood sugar isn't low. and i do drink but i've ruled out delirium tremors. i had eaten something tonight and then when i went to bring my chicken wings to the table i dropped them on the floor. when i had to drive because my gf was too tired my anxiety was through the roof. i feel like my anxiety goes hand in hand with my shaky hands. but i don't know the cause.
i have cramps with no period back pain and nausea and etc what could it be. frequent urination at times been mood toward people and fatigue
how much extra food should i eat while pregnant?
will i be required to switch from my health insurance if the company says that my coverage doesn't meet aca standards? . i'm already spending way too much for my insurance for my family.
am i pregnant. my boyfriend and i had sex the  to last day on my period. we had know protection. after my period my normal spotting occurred two days after my period. after that i have a few days of nothing come out then the time comes where im fertile or whatever you call it. could i be pregnant? its been more than  days after my period and the fertile thing should start saturday.
is there an enrollment ending date for the new health insurance marketplaces?
how does alcohol affect pregnancy?
is it ok to mix metamucil with yogurt instead of liquid?
is it possible for a fingernail clipping that flys up your nose to get into your brain or something equally dangerous? . i was clipping my fingernails and a small clipping flew up and i felt it hit/go into my right nostril. i immediately grabbed a tissue plugged the left nostril and blew but didn't see it come out. i've tried that several times since. i know logically that it might have hit my nose and fallen right back out but of course i'm worried that it flew up into my nose. i'm afraid to breathe through my nose! where would/could it go if it flew up there? is there any connection to your brain?
i never received any vaccination as a infant or child. should i get them now that im ? all of them or some or what? . parents are anti-vac's people not proud of this. would like to fix this i don't want to bring back dangerous viruses when i travel. what is recommended that i do?
what increases the risk of getting preeclampsia and high blood pressure during pregnancy?
is tinnitus and shingles related? . hello i have both tinnitus and shingles for several years and it seems to be getting worst. for the last few months i have been very sick with tinnitus. this week shingles broke out on both sides of my butt (left side lower and right side higher). do you know if tinnitus and shingles are related? thank you. .
can you have a chlamydia infection go undetected for more than one year?
i have spherocytocis i had surgery to remove my spleen last week however i just had another gallbladder attack?
the is a dark mark and lump on my arm that not a bruise. its sort of oval shaped in my armpit area on the backside of my arm. its been there for months(at least ) now. this skin over the lump is darker than the skin surrounding it & smooth. idk what to say about the borders because theres really no def border. it just looks like a smear of darker color and its not itchy/flaky or anything. the lump is really firm& isnt malleable i cant move it at all& theres been no pain from it. i just need to know if it sounds like something i should get checked out.
i went to the doctor and am being treated for strep but after three days of antibiotics. i still have spots in my throat and i am still in a lot of pain.
my period is one month late today i have taken home tests. could i be pregnant. i am seventeen and my period is exactly a month late. i have taken multiple home tests(cheep kind). three came back negative and one came back positive. i am a little confused. it is possible i might be pregant.
i keep getting negative results with pregnancy tests both blood and urine i still think i am pregnant what do i do? . i have a family history of getting negative pregnancy results from both blood and urine tests and family members being pregnant. i think i may still be and i am getting the same results as other family members and worried that it may be happening to me. what should i do?
can i possibly delay or make my period come sooner without the use of birth control? . i am in a long distance relationship me & my boyfriend are planning an all inclusive trip to mexico in feb for my  birthday & my period is going to interfere with those dates. is there any way of delaying it or making it come sooner so i don't have to deal with the mess while i'm trying to have a romantic vacation with my bf who i haven't seen in  months? i want to enjoy this special romantic encounter. i don't have ins. right now so i can't go on birth control. please help. thank you!
what is gastroenteritis?
a small red irregular scaly and painful to the touch area has developed over my eyebrow. what is is? should i see a dr?
will doxy-cycl hycl  mg lower blood pressure? . noticed that since i have been taking this my blood pressure has lowered.
sudden blured vision both eyes last about  min. does not happen often
what does it mean when blood is found in my urine? . i am also experiencing a constant coldness in my feet. it actually feels like there is a constant blow of cold air blowing on my feet. i am also losing circulation in my hands and experience a feeling of sleepiness in my hands and forearm.
is she pregnant? . my gf has gone the entire month w/o getting her period. we are worried because on july  we had unprotected sex even though it lasted a sec because we were scared and i didn't ejaculate. also i urinated many times since the last ejaculation and wiped precum before. she started to have cramps early last week but no period. she just took a preg. test and it came back as neg and she followed the instructions exactly and it has been almost a month since the scenario above. what do you think?
what steps can i take to a heart-healthy diet?
can acid reflux cause sleepless nights and disruptive breathing and constant burping?
can eating excessive amounts of micro wave popcorn cause polyps
what is myopathy?
after my wife and i have sex i have really bad nausea to the point where i actually start vomiting. any sugjestions?
what are the symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia bph?
what can be done to prevent hpv transmission to my partner? what are the risks if he is infected? . hello . i found out i have hpv from an abnormal pap smear. however i do not have genital warts or any external symptoms. i am currently in a monogamous relationship with a man. i was wondering what type of precautions should be taken to prevent spreading the disease to him and what are the risks if the disease is transmitted to him? i know it slightly increases the risks of some cancers in men but is there anything else to be concerned about? . thank you
"my left breast muscle never ""shifted"" into place. my right breast is fuller because it did. how do i correct? . my right breast is fuller than my left. near my left breast i have (more) muscle hanging over the side near my arm pit. when i was younger it was like that on both sides. i don't know when or how the right side corrected itself but does anyone have any recommendation as far as exercises or what type of specialist to see to correct the problem? i feel like if the muscle would just ""move"" over to where it should be i'd be fine. instead i have an appearance of one breast larger than the other."
 year old woman with parathyroid adenoma
have pain that comess and goes right under my ribcage on the right side kinda like heart burn but wrong place any ideas? . its on the right side under my chest/ ribcage and almost debilitating at times started  days ago. i dont drink to much i guess i could say and ive tried antacids and alka seltzer with no luck.
what is a metered dose inhaler (mdi)?
i have a stent that was placed almost  months ago. my insurance wont cover outpatient procedure with the laser.
can you have the iud removed less than  years
why did my daughter stop having her period? . my daughter is  and started her period over  months ago but the last  months she hasn't had one. is that normal? should i be concerned that she isn't having her period anymore?
can i give a  mg. tab of clindamycin to my  yr. old?
 male non smoker drink occasionally and fit. last  months having ed. last  weeks no sensation. whom to contact.  male. non smoker drink occasionally not overweight and perfectly fit as per last health check-up done .  years back (tested urine blood ecg ultrasound). from last  months having erectile dysfunction and it turned worst now. i can ejacuate but only got erection occasionally. didn't take any medicine but tried a variety of food but no improvement. since last  weeks having no sensation in penis. please advise whom should i contact for a thorough check-up? any hopes to cure it?
chest pains. i'm  my left side of my chest starting hurting when i was done eating. its in my upper area of my boob. i recently found out i had an innocent heart-murmur. im on the depo. could i be just having heart-burn or should i make sure that my murmur isn't getting worse could it be growing pains?
my sister is interested in donating a kidney  but 
how is localized prostate cancer treated?
female upper thigh bump. i have a lump that only hurts when i squeeze it and when my thighs rub together. i squeeze it and a bunch of blood comes out
i broke my left clavicle in a mountain biking accident about  years ago?
how can i increase blood circulation especially in my legs. is there a way through exercise or diet?
i dont know if my wound is healing.
should i get a m. r. i. if i have a pacemaker?
how long are epi pens good for. my dad's doc says as long as the epi pen is still sealed it is still good. the epi pen is from .
had iud removed from arm now were stitches are swelling nasty smelling stuff comes out and a lot of pain and bruising
is there such a thing as a weather allergy? . for the past three years in the autumn i will start getting itchy red scaly rash from wrist to elbow. it will last from september to usually april-may. it remains consistent through these months. i remain flare-free in the summer months. i have asked my doctor countless times and he sent me home with a very strong hydrocortisone cream. i have resorted to over-the-counter hydrocortisone which burns. i can't use uv therapy as i'm allergic to the sun and i'm currently on an antihistamine for that
can antihistamines and birth control pills be taken on a daily basis specifically at night? are there side effects?
i have had symptoms of hepatitis since september i have lived the past  months a distraught mess crying everyday?
i was given fentanyl to treat my flu symptoms in the e. r. is this common or reasonable flu treatment?
what is evista (raloxifene) for osteoporosis?
what would happen if i took one ambien smoked one bowl of weed and then took  xanex?
ive had trouble climbing my  step stairs at home doctor checkups ok?
does having sex during menstrual cycle lessen the chance of spreading the virus to her?
can you get pregnant from sex in water
i have major headaches painful throat excessive saliva?
teen overweight girl masturbated twice and is suffering from chest pains hours after. 'm an overweight teen girl and i masturbated today like a normal teen but after the second time i did/am still experiencing small chest pains ands its been hursvsince i'm worried to go to sleep and i m not sure what to do
does smoking increase the potential of getting breast cancer?
i'm  years old and notice that my skin has changed. it looks like reptile skin and the color is uneven. what do i do?
if you had chlamydia before and treated can it come back again? . i've had chlamydia before was treated and cured. is it possible for it to come back again on its own or once treated is it gone?
is there pain wiht pancrea cancer. if diagnosed wiht pancrea & liver cancer can a person still live the remaider of their lives wihtout pain. there is currently no pain. could one go home and just keep living their normal life until death comes? . .
im experiencing symptoms of sciatica/piriformus spasm how to reduce the pain so i can at least walk?
why are men's bathrooms so dirty?
i have a rib insertion/vertebra problem that give me so much pain?
i had a gallbladder removed i have a small tear leaking?
what are food fake-outs?
will surgery put me at risk for pneumonia?
"my  year old daughter has been refusing to have a bowel movement for the past few days. she's not constipated. she appears to be straining to poop but is in fact holding back her bowel movement. she will complain that she has pooped but it's just enough to have to wipe away. she's been on a diet of apples watermelon and peaches along with water and apple juice for past  days. she refuses to drink prune juice. she also is in quite a bit of pain when she ""poops"". her stomach is not hard and she has a fair appetite. should i be concerned?"
i have severe period pains taking mefanamic acid need to solve medical problem for good?
i had an embolism on the right side of the base of my scull am i headed for another embo?
can amoxicillin be used to treat a yeast infection
i had a small lump in the back of my neck now a second one?
is it true that even if a vitamin bottle says it's expired that it's still ok to take?
i have medicare but i'm also a veteran. . since i get most if not all of my medical care through them how will the aca affect my medical care? also what would be the best medical insurance for me to look into? for all veterans?
is finasteride the only option for shrinking the prostate?
is there any concealer that actually helps get rid of acne and keep it away?
why would hydrocodone come up as or hydromorphone in a drug test
i'm nicole i got my first bartholin cyst in  that was drained the cyst was gone eventually returned. i am  years old i have one child  years old normal delivery. i am at a point where i am tired of this cyst just here i want to evict this cyst so i am considering removing the cyst i live in nyc i have health first insurance please any recommendations where i can go and tips please my expectations etc. my cyst is not currently infected
i had unprotected sex with my boyfriend the day after my period can i be pregnant
can dry eye be mistaken for glucoma
what causes earwax build-up and what can i do about it?
can a stent be used to open up a blockage in the left main artery?
dr said i was dehydrated no signs of infection.
about  weeks ago my  lb son fell on my left foot i had an x-ray done and it showed no broken bones?
in carpal tunnel surgery they cut the ligament on the wrist. don't we need this to function?
opting out of chemotherapy after having total stomach removal due to stomach cancer? . my mother had the earliest stage of stomach cancer and had her total stomach removed and no signs of cancer anywhere else. she is  years old and opted out of further treatment. will she do ok with keeping up with the  month ct scans and lab work? she still has the feeding tube attached in case in  months chemotherapy is necessary
i'm dieting to lose weight. should i worry about falling short on key nutrients?
please this is a serious inquiry despite the topic - cold flatulence. i recently had a cold flatulence with a bizarre odor. it has only happened once and i have not been able to find anyone who knows what i am describing. i thought maybe it was some kind of chemical reaction to something i ate. just wanting to know if this is something i should get checked out.
what triggers silent migraines?
my daughter gets hives recently that come and go trough the day. they started  days ago. could it be cause of teething. nothing new in her diet. will be on her arms at one time then go away and show up on another spot. have found them on her bottom back arms legs and scalp. all gone within about  hour. worst after waking up.
my question is does anyone feel nauseous or kind of motion sick days after riding roller coasters? . i spent the weekend riding roller coasters and now for four days i have felt small waves of nausea kind of a motion sick feeling and a odd feeling of being kinda out of it. some background i do suffer from motion sickness on roller coasters but i usually take some dramamine and am fine after that. this has never happened before.
i am having a few pumbs in my ginital area and i am not really sure what are these? . hello. since  monthes i had a few pumbs in my ginital area and i went to the doctor and he immidiately said these are genetal warts and he burn them. couple of months later another pumds appeared again and i went to another doctor and she said that what i have is something else. she put a midicin on them and burn them again. now i am having some of these bumps again can u help me please?
does burning more calories than taking in have a negative effect on weight loss? . i am participating in a weight loss program at a local gym and am a team leader. was asked by a participant why they can't get past a plateau. calorie intake is around  -  calories have a moderate active life style and burn about  calories during exercise - days a week. they had good losses until recently. can routinely burning more calories than taking in have a negative impact in weight loss?
what product must i use to have a clear and smooth skin?
is aerobics a good exercise to loose fat in belly?
i have no trouble falling asleep. but i wake up between - times a night. do i need to undergo a sleep study?
my  yr son he repeats what i say when i ask a question some times he dosent understand what i say is this normal? . at  yr his day care say he maybe autistic at  we went to autismcenter and doctor says that every thing seems ok he dosent have repetitive moves he like to play with children his eye contact is good and he love to be held but the problem was that speech is delayed at  he follow my order he come and ask what he wants but when ever i ask him a question he just repeat it and sometimes he seems that he dosent understand what i say he also knows and recognize the alphabit and numbers.
i am having suicidal thoughts and losing all interest in all parts of my life. where do i go? psychologist or doctor? . i have a daughter and am having trouble taking care of her like i usually do. im failing in school and dont want to do anything but sleep and cry. i took the test to find out if i am suffering from depression and it gave me a suicide hotline number but i cant call. i dont let anyone around me watch me cry
underwent turp  months ago. now have multi drug resistant pseudomonas uti
are naproxen and darvocet similar?
what can i take for pain if im also on naproxen?
many times after eating and resuming physical work i experience general weakness shaking excessive cold sweating. even though i have just eaten i also get very hungry especially for something sweet.
i recently had my tattoo removal surgery for  session is it hypertropic scar or keloid?
what is the difference between liothyronine and levothyroxine? . i have just completed a thyroid removal and a radiation treatment. prior to the radiation i was on liothyronine and now i have been put on levothyroxine. this new med makes me nauseous.
i have or think i have osteoarthritis when should i contact my doctor?
what can be absorbed by the stomach? . what percentages of various normally consumed foods and liquids can be absorbed into the body through the stomach. while i understand that the intestines absorb most of the nutrients we consume i was lead to believe that a potion of some foods and beverages were absorbed into the body through the stomach.
ecp nordette taken  hrs after unpro sex pulled out - seconds before eruption a week before period (last aug  ). hi! may i just ask i had unprotected sex and its a week before my normal menstrual cycle( last aug  ). my partner thinks he pulled out on time roughly around - seconds before he actually erupted. i took nordette (. ) now ( hours after intercourse) as a contraceptive (ecp). i am not sure about the dose but it says on the internet that in emergencies like this it is  pills every  hours. should i take it with food? is there a high risk for pregnancy?
should i take a probiotic with doxycycline. i just discovered i have lyme disease.
does promiscuity in black men cause/enable for prostate cancer?
 year old male. can i take hormones (estrogen) without losing penile function? . i am a twenty year old male. is there any way i can get more feminine features: legs hips figure facial features; without losing control of my penis? such as taking estrogen or birth control? . am i stuck looking like a male? can i look like a female and retain control of penile functions?
do i have kidney disease?
i have human papilloma virus (hpv)  will i get cancer?
what is rosni (round spermatid nucleus injection) for infertility?
is it safe to operate a motor vehicle while catheterized?
is zumba dance a good exercise?
i have a rash thought it might be some type of fungus doc says ringworm?
i had a c-section about  years ago when i have sex it hurts whenit hits i'll say it's my wall. it that normal
"my partner is unable to put his penis in me because i find it very painful and almost unbearable. i have been sexually inactive for twelve years and am active now. but when my partner tries to put his penis in me i find it painful and almost unbearable (have had bleeding a few times). is it possible that my vagina ""shrunk"" after so many years of inactivity? and it doesn't help that my partner is well endowed. can you advise me as to what i should or could do? ."
is it safe to take mirtazapine  aripiprazole  and sertraline  per day?
can pain cause a fever. /o male croniccopd gerds cronic pancreatitis arthritis bursitis on a long acting opiot pain reliever. drove  miles to see dr. got home and had  fever.
i am currentely dealing with golfers elbow. - ibprofen  times a day. how long is that alright to keep doing this? . i am also icing it - times a day. i have experienced this when i started up  months into my lifting weights. pain in the inner elbow with some burning sensation
get bored having sex. sex has isn't very fun to me. it feels more like work than play. my boyfriend has been trying different things to help me but i just don't have fun. the first - minutes are fine but after that i'll hurry to fake an orgasm so he will ejaculate. he gets upset because he is always the one seducing me but the reason i don't seduce him is because i just don't like it! i don't know how to enhance my sex drive its really annoying.
i had an ear infection and was treated with antibiotics but it still feels plugged how long will this go on?
i have tennis elbow in right arm is a symptom that my right hand is cold?
sore womb area. my higher womb is in pain and i am urinating for the past  days every  mins or so i also am not % sure if i took my tampon out two weeks ago does any of this relate to that? my back is also sore but this could be due to exercise on tuesday
will braces be painful?
are some kinds of exercise dangerous when you have osteoporosis?
is there a generic form of celexa available?
can i take the pill and depo provera at the same time for  weeks as my first and only shot of depo has intefered.  days after taking the depo had uti signs and stopped my medication that stops uti's from happening. i took a pill and it stopped the uti feeling and made me feel my normal self again. i need to be on the pill while i wait for this depo to leave my body over the next  weeks
my daughters blood tests show some scary diseases and syndromes online?
are gynecologists considered surgeons. . i have to have a laporascopic hysterectomy and wondering the difference? someone recommended seeing a surgeon before having my obgyn perform this hysterectomy.
can a hot epsom salt bath cause vaginal bleeding and a bright red rash all over body
while admitted in hospital my amylase and lipase percentage has been  time the normal range?
what is cardiomegaly?
my doctors office sent my hiv rx to two different pharmacies. i would like to fill both will my insurance pay for both? . i have private insurance (cigna) and my doctor sent my refill prescription to both a private pharmacy and cigna tel drug pharmacy. i would like to pick both up will i run into difficulty with my insurance paying for both if i pick them up in the same week? thank you! i also have an atripla copay assistance card would that help if my cigna refused to pay for one of the refills?
if pregnant are abortion tablets safe?
should i aviod cold wet weather if i already have a cold?
is there a specific doctor that i need to see for an anal abcess?
why is my chronic leg and back pain ignored? in several years no testing done. how long must i suffer? . i do not understand this at all i have had no tests done at all. i did recently have xrays to check for kidney stones when had uti they showed degeneration. i feel i am being taken lightly in this matter. i am told i have diebetes controlled with diet and oral meds. i have recently begun to have a rubbery feeling in my legs this makes me feel like a newborn horse when they first stand up on their legs and they wobble.
what is prostatitis?
"i can hear gurgling congestion in my lungs when i lay down should i go to urgent care? . attended a workshop last weekend with about a  other people with a few coughing wheezing sneezing etc. tuesday started with a scratchy throat then by thursday coughing up phlem you know ""lung oysters"". . this morning woke up and laying there breathing through my nose could hear gurgling congestion down deep in my lungs; hence the question should i go to urgent care? ."
cortisone injected in my knee yesterday. have had a headache ever since. is that unusual? . also when the doctor used  large syringes to drain the fluid he was surprised to find both syringes full of blood. is that normal? when he injected the cortisone i assume it went into my bloodstream and worry that is what's causing my continual headache? !?
admitted into the hospital for angioedema how to get swelling to go down?
our -month-old was diagnosed with torticollis at  weeks. we are doing physical therapy. how long will it take?
would taking saw palmetto as a supplement be of use after having radiation and hormone therapy for prostate cancer? . my husband has confined cancer of the prostate and has taken saw palmetto supplements for years. after his radiation treatments( days) and after having a  month hormone shot to prevent the body from producing any more testosterone i wonder if the saw palmetto supplements are doing any good( or harm) from this point on. he hasn't had any further tests(psa) as of this date but will in a few months. he is  and in otherwise good health.
i am on a low residue diet can i have items with modified corn starch? i know i can't have corn or cornbread. i am trying to stick to this low residue diet as strictly as possible and don't want to eat anything i'm not supposed to because my crohn's is severe right now. even this diet has me in the bathroom numerous times a day still.
should i seek immediate medical attention if i am having an anxiety attack due to new medication? . this is my  day on new medication. info on medicine says to contact my doctor if i'm having these symptoms but its late and everything is closed. also my chest feels tight and i'm having pain in my left arm.
im  i have pcos i have diabetes type  losing lots of blood?
 week old vomiting from mouth and nose but scan doesnt show piloric stenosis?
if a new born baby test positive for cocaine does that mean the mother was using throughout her pregnancy? . if the mother used crack in the beginning but once she found out she was pregnant claimed to quit using will the new born still test positive for cocaine
can being overweight cause unexplained knee pain?
what's wrong with me? . my boyfriend and i had sex without a condom the  november the first time i have had sex in over a year. the next day i started having like period cramps. so yesterday the  of december i spotted a tiny bit but the cramps have continued. i'm spotting a little more this morning but my period isn't due until the  as i'm on birth control. i've also been very emotional and that is not like me at all with quite a bit of white discharge. he didn't ejaculate in me but on a towel under us.
teething. my son is nine months and not teething as yet his mouth was usually runny (watery) but now its dry he is passing loose stools that is green (sometimes brown) and watery. he isnt fussy or miserable in fact he is very active- holding on and standing up in his crib trying to walk around and laughing alot. i thought it was the stomach bug at first and gave him pedalyte but he is not showing signs of being weak so im wondering if its teething and his mouth being runny why this happens.
how do i go about getting started with aerobic exercise?
my belly button is producing some discharge its sticky and clear with a yellow tint?
the phlebotomist didn't wash her hands before seeing my grandfather. see details. the lady saw other people and handeled a cup of urine before seeing my grandfather. he has type  diabetes alzheimers and dementia. he's  years old. she touched his arm to get a vein then wiped it with what i believe was alcohol or an alcohol wipe. then she stuck him placed gauze over the wound and had him hold the gauze after she touched it. we went out to eat after and he ate toast by hand. i didn't see any blood or urine on the gloves could have spread cmv hiv hep a b or c this way?
dark spots appear on my kids skin no fever or any changes on his health?
why do some vitamins contain too much zinc. preservision areds has  mg. and the max. daily is  mg. ! why would they put that much in there. now i'm afraid to take it paid for it and opened it can't return it.
i' teens young male. my highr ' feet weight  kg so how i want to gain it. plz tell me sir. sir i'm not satisfy with my hight and weight. so i want to gain my hight and weight so what can i do for this situation. pls tell me super solution sirr.
being on feet after about an hour they hurt or feel really tired. i have to sit down about every  mins. what can i do to make this stop/ are there exercises that i can do to strengthen my feet?
can having your tonsils removed affect your vocal cords or singing voice? see additional details below. my  year old daughter has been told to have her tonsils removed because she got strep throat three times in a year. she is studying musical theater in nyc. she moved from warm southern california to a cold nyc winter this past year and i feel the strep throat and colds might have been due to her becoming used to the cold weather. she is a fantastic singer and i do not want her to have this surgery if there is any chance it would affect her beautiful voice. she does seem to get horse often.
what can i do to treat hyperthyroidism at home?
can the use of probiotics cause oral thrush?
ive had swollen lymph nodes on the back of my neck vomiting and fever?
my  y/o daughter has rapid heart rate of - feels shaky and lightheaded. should i take her to see a dr?
if i am allergic to coconut will i react to air or water filters made from coconut shell based activated charcoal?
i went on my husbands health insurance leaving the coverage i had at my place of employment. . i have a pre-existing condition and will require surgery again. will the obama care act apply in my situation
i am  years old and collect social security. / of my income goes to health care. what health insurance plan is right for me? i need a plan to help with my  medications. my income is $  a year - do i qualify for a tax credit?
what can cause burning while you pee if your doctor already ruled out any type of infection?
how can i manage my stress when i have cancer?
can bacon be part of a healthy diet?
i have type ii diabetes. what is the best form of exercise for my condition? . i take metformin twice a day and insulin in the evening. i would like a recommendation on a good exercise program especially since i have a busy and sometimes inconsistant schedule.
i have a little black dot/spot on palm of hand that goes and comes back again but in diffrent place what is it? . i have a little black dot that keeps turning out to be in diffrent places on the palm of my hand sometimes in beetween my fingers but still on the palm bit its not a wart of anything is just a little black dot/spot any idea what it could be its worrying as it changes locations on palm of hand? . the first time i saw it it was on the palm of my hand but after that i have now seen it in between my fingers still on the palm side though
what are the symptoms of a food allergy?
can i take tylenol when having chemo?
pregnancy i think i am pregnant. hi this is the second month of trying but like the fourth month of no protection. at all. . i ovulated on the  of july. and we have unprotected sex on all  days of my fertile days. on the  i had a little bright pink blood and then it turned into like a brownish discharge. its now the  and i've only seen it once today i think its done. but i have a little pains in my stomach and in my breasts. im supposed to start my period around the  of august. does it sound like i am?
how long does it take for all the swelling to be gone after cosmetic surgery?
can omeprazole and lansoprazole be taken interchangeably every other day?
can you ride amusement park rides while being  / to  months pregnant?
what happens if i inject my testosterone just under the skin and not in the muscle? is it still effective?
pure blood in urinequite a lot
what vitamins are safe to use during pregnancy and which should be avoided?
i have a sore stomach taking nexium is there anything else i can do to ease the pain?
how can hypothyroidism be prevented?
burning pain at tip of penis when urinating. just within the last few days it has started to hurt with a burning sensation at the tip of the penis whenever i urinate. i'm a male of  years of age and not sexually active. i don't have a strong urge to urinate at all times which was a symptom that kept coming up when i searched about my issue. i don't have pain at any other time only when urinating. could it be a problem with excessive masterbation (once a day) not enough water being drank or an infection?
can i have root canal treatment for cracked molar?
my son is taking vyvanse  mg once a day. can i give him pain reliever with acetaminophen for a fever?
"what do i do when my anxiety causes me mental and physical pain? . ive had anxiety since i was a kid. i dont take medications for it. i cant afford them. ive been trying to live with it and until recently ive done nothing about it. im tired of feeling like this its causing me emotional and physical pain. my relationships with friends and family members have been suffering. it often causes me to ""wig out"". when this occurs i have trouble breathing and chest pain. my whole mood just sours. i need help and i dont know whats wrong. what can i do?"
what groups are at risk for kidney failure related to high blood pressure?
how effective is the flu vaccine?
how does psychotherapy work? is it more than just about venting your feelings?
i have a large hard knot beneath the skin of my left cheek approx.  in. from the corner of my lips. i've gone to an np who diagnosed it as an abscess; prescribed antibiotics are clindamycin & (a substitute for bactrim) swelling started april . the next day is when i visited the np. the following day i went to an er due to more aggressive facial swelling. the dr there gave me a cat scan & diagnosed the swelling as periorbital cellulitis due to dental decay. (at this point i had explained to the dr that none of my teeth were bothering me in any way. ) most of the swelling has come and gone but i still have the hard knot that remains. what could be causing this knot will it go away what can i do? notes from cat scans significant left periorbital & left facial soft tissue swelling & stranding of subcutaneous fat no discrete abscess is identified. impression: pansinusitis predominantly involving the right paranasal sinuses.
i thought i had the flu but now all the pain is in my head could it be a sinus infection?
can viruses cause throat infections?
i am on amoxicillin  mg and i still ache all over and have the cold chills tired and i am weak?
how will doctors find out if a woman and her partner have fertility problems?
i had sex for the first time w/new hubby and have not had my period for  days. pregancy test was negative. normal/no?
my daughter has a white film on her tongue that will not wipe off and she has a white film on her tonsils. she has been running a slight fever and vomited a few times
what are symtoms on a male from a bacterial infection?
pain in testicles lower abdomen rectum is it fatty liver?
i am retired and i am  years old. currently i self-pay highmark for coverage. . can i go directly to highmark and sign up so i can try to get a subsidy? or do i have to go to the marketplace site to sign up?
can amoxicillin be used to treat bacterial vaginosis?
ive been experiencing a nonstop period for several months is it endometriosis or my fibroids?
can pain cause a fever. /o male croniccopd gerds cronic pancreatitis arthritis bursitis on a long acting opiot pain reliever. drove  miles to see dr. got home and had  fever.
i went to the er on tuesday because i was coughing up blood?
do women in  need sex and think about it as much as they are in their  to ?
neurologist says minor narrowing in arteries or is it a stroke need second opinion?
skin connected on penis head connected to a centimeter below the head. it'd be easier to show than say. but there's skin on lower part of the head of the penis that's connected to the skin a centimeter closer to my balls on the penis. i can pinch it with it hardly hurting at all. am i able to just cut it with a knife myself? . like cut in the middle of the hole? or. what are ways of going about this? it'd be pretty awkward to go to the doctor saying that i'm pretty sure i need this cut before i'm sexually active. i think it'd tear if i had sex with it
high blood pressure for at least past week two episodes of blurred vision?
i cut my finger and may have been exposed to hiv should i be tested?
is it normal to have high blood pressure after stent is put in. my blood pressure was high but controlled with medication prior to having a stent put in. now i am taking stronger medication and have spikes of very high blood pressure / two weeks post stent. prior to stent i had a fib and after electro-cardiac conversion i had congestive heart failure or pulmonary edema. after further tests they found a lower ventricle that was pumping only %. the stent brought it up to % which is low normal normal being % to %.
my son has a history of azthma now has croup?
swollen upper eyelid on the right side of my right eye. no itching burning discharge redness. its just swollen. . i'm not sure it's something that i should be worried about or even how to fix it. but i just woke up and realized my eye felt of swollen so i looked at it and it is huge. and it's only the top eyelid. i know i haven't hits my eye on anything and i haven't had any allergies in a few months.
after stopping my depo shot my first cylce was normal but i skipped one and now am spotting every three days? . my last shot was in aug and my normal cycle was in nov. i skipped one in dec and now i will spot for a few days and then stop for about three and then my cramps and spotting come back.
what should i know before i start taking penicillin g procaine?
can i get the tdap booster if i never got the pertussis vaccine? . there is one pertussis case in my school and all teachers are to get the booster.
can i be treated for clamadia a couple of years ago and get it again but with a different partner? . he say's he's been faithful. is it possible for me to have carried it and passed it to him?
can you please tell me when is the best time to take blood presure pill am / pm
how much does the baby absorb from me during pregnancy
my wife is not eating without medical insurance will likely end up dead?
does this stubborn itchy rash under my arm need an anti-fungal or a steroid cream?
i can't open my mouth verry wide without it poping and sometimes it get stuck open. it all started after i went to the dentist when i was  after i was given a shot i felt her stick the needle farther then she was suppose to but after that is when it started is there anything wrong with me?
i have asthma and i've been taking albuterol sulfate every  hours is this bad? what effects will it have on me?
i have postpartum depression/psychosis is this a hormonal imbalance i can cure?
my daughter has these bumps on her arm and i cant seem to figure out what it is?
i am going on  wks late on my period. taken  otc pregnancy tests. could i still be preg or what else could be cause? . should i get in to see my gyn? the  preg tests were taken a week apart but still not pregnant.
how does axert work during a migraine attack?
i have hcv asthma and chronic bronchitis. for the past  days i have had bad upper and lower gi cramps?
is unisom safe to take during pregnancy for morning sickness? are there other medications for morning sickness?
i've had the same headache at the same every day for about a week now. it is right above my right eyebrow on my forehead. i just recently got over a sinus sickness so i am wondering if this is maybe a sinus headache or what. wondering what i should do. i usually just pop  ibuprofen and it goes away in about  minutes.
how can exercise help with stress?
"i have a brown blotch about "" in circumference that appeared near my belly button and it is getting bigger. any ideas? . have a brown blotch by belly button size of a dollar coin. appeared in the last  mos. about the size of a quarter. doesn't itch no fever not raised any ideas? my concern is that it has gotten bigger and continues to do so. i just want to know if there is reason to be concerned."
my nose is bleeding and eyes are bloodshot red and i cant taste my food?
chlamydia and gonorrhea non sexual mode of transmission? . i made out with a woman that had chlamydia and gonorrhea. am i at risk for the disease?
sometimes when i turn my neck sudden i get a very sharp pain almost like a jolt up the back of my head to my brain. i have had this jolting pain in my neck for a few years now and it only happens every now and again and only when im turning my head really fast. then i get a feeling like a jolt of electricity up the side of my neck and up my head it makes me feel blind and disoraintated for about  seconds. i havent really paid it much attention because after that it stops and dosent hurt but i just recently had another one and it was the worse jolt yet and its lingered in my neck now for a couple hours.
i start feeling strange with chest tightness and shortness of breath and sometimes wheezing?
could i be pregnant? . january the  i had my period. today is march  i have not started i am having discomfort in my low middle abdominal area. the whole area feels like its stretching. i went to doctor to have pee tests every one of them is back negative. the last blood test was feb . the pee test was three weeks ago test was (-). has anyone experienced anything like this? if so what happened. what steps do i need to take now?
i am taking tamiflu for the flu but why is my throat still hurting after being on meds for  days?
i recently got lasik surgery now vision is blurry and cant see fine print?
i was recently diagnosed with innapropriate sinus tachycardia worried heart rate will go too low?
my girlfriend and i have been trying to get pregnant for  months; she is stressed. does stress affect our chances?
a bioposy to remove a spot on my face found irregular cells present. is it necessary to surgically remove these cells?
can a cold sore give me genital herpes? . recently my girlfriend gave me a blowjob. she had a cold sore on her lower lip. although the sore was completely scabbed over and is almost completely healed. she got it two weeks ago and has been using some type of medicine to get it healed. the bj lasted  seconds and the scab barely touched my penis. the sore isn't open at all so is there still a high risk of infection? whenever we make-out when she has a cold sore i never get one. and she generally gets them when she's really stressed.
what is a communicable disease?
if my husband is using erectile dysfunction meds will it hinder getting pregnant?
can mri be used to diagnose colon disease?
what are the early symptoms of pregnancy? . i had sex on the  of may also was ovulating at the time and was wondering what are the early signs of pregnancy?
what can plan b do to a girl if she is on birth control and just got off antibiotics. is it safe to get plan b. she is on birth control but has been taking an antibiotic for a week. then stopped and continued taking birth control for a few days and then had sex. but some cum leaked out the bottom of the condom. should i and would it be ok for her to get birth control
i suffer from rheumatic heart valve problem will i need any surgery?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of diphenhydramine-acetaminophen?
"whats the next step in determining cause of my  yr old hives? how do i get dr to test for the""rare"" causes. my  yr old granddaughter has had recurrent hives most of her life. with illness or new medications. recently did allergy testing found nothing. did trail with amoxocillin with no hives. treated hives with prednisone. had another outbreak last week this time included swelling of hands and feet. benadryl works. mom wont take her to dr frustrated with lack of answers or treatment."
can i use lemons to lighten the darker areas of my skin on my body including the perianal area? what else can i use?
what are the side effects of estroven?
what causes warts?
 weeks pregnant ive got reddish ring circles
i may have neutropenia or lymphdathy need answers?
can a person with shingles give it to another person who has already had shingles and chicken pox?
i started having pain and burning while urinating a week back?
is it normal for a  old to have migraine headaches. my  old nephew has been getting migraines and we are all concerned is it normal for someone that young to be experiencing migraines
is drooling or excesive saliva normal for parkinsons? what can i do to control it
is itching a side affect of anit-biotics? . i have been on and off anti-biotics since the first of sept. for pneumonia and bronchitis. i am now and have for about  wks itching all over. is this possibly a side effect of the meds?
is it unhealthy for an expecting mother to eat microwaved foods on a regular basis?
what are the symptoms of celiac disease?
my son has taken two different generic brands of adderall. are there differences and can they affect behavior or mood? . on one of them (dextroamp-amphet er  mg cglo) he seems down and his behavior is not normal. he has also been on amphetamine salts er  mg cap.
can entocort make my birth control ineffective?
i need a list of foods that i can eat and list of foods to avoid with pancreatitis.
why am i losing my hair after weight loss surgery and how do i stop it? . i take biotin () b complex vitamin a zinc and vitamin d supplements daily but my hair just falls out in handfuls. i prefer not to wear a wig so any help would be appreciated.
do i need to see my doctor about decreased appetite and nausea? . for the last few weeks to a month i have noticed a marked decreased in my appetite. i can only eat about half the amount of food i used to eat before i feel extremely full. also every morning i have nausea that wont go away until i eat even though it makes food sound completely unappetizing. a mild amount of bowel irritation has also come and gone a few times as well. the only medication i take is  antidepressant tablets. (citalopram hydrobromide) could this be something serious?
when does benign prostatic hyperplasia (bph) start?
can you give a  mo. old baby a little water. can you add a little sugar to make it more tasty? any reason not to? .
how to treat a temperture of  degrees. my wife has a temp of  degrees. its gone up and down to as low as . shes in bed feels acky has a cough in her chest but she smokes (not today). and basically feels miserable. do we need to go to the e. r?
is surgery ever warrented
i leak urine when i laugh sneeze or jump. a friend told me that vaginal weights can help. are they really effective?
my daughter is  weeks pregnant and has been leaking clear fluid is her or the baby in danger? . does she need to go to the hospital because she is leaking clear fluid?
my left index finger (injured a year ago while weeding) turns white every time i get chilled or handle cold items. why? . i suspect there was a constriction or break caused in one or more blood vessel in the joint which will probably take micro-surgery to correct. i am underinsured and have very low income now that i am retired. i only have medicare. can anyone tell me if this condition could lead to complications it not corrected? i do experience some pain when the blood flow returns as i warm up but not otherwise.
why does my pee smell like rotton eggs. i drink a lot of water and iam also drinking lemon and water but sometimes my pee smells like rotton eggs i notice that i dont eat aspargus often so i know that is not the cause.
is it better to apply heat or cold to sore muscles after stenuous exercise?
mom & dad have an individual pos health insurance policy with humana both kids have coverage with peach care in ga. . one child has health issues and will be  soon so no longer eligible for peach care in . do we need a new health plan in  for mom dad and both kids or can the kids (or child with medical issues) get a separate new guarantee plan if mom and dad want to keep their cheaper policy through ? adding the kids to the pos policy is not guarantee issue right?
i have petechiae spontaniously appearing on my thighs and calves need second medical opinion?
why am i craving salt?
are shingles contagious. my  yr old mother is hospital with uti and now has been told the rash on her hand is shingles. i am supposed to go take care of her. i am  and had chicken pox as child slight case. should i get shot now or will it even help?
i think a bug crawled or flew into my ear last night what should i do? . i feel like my ear is clogged but my husband could not see anything in my ear. . should i put hydrogen peroxide in my ear?
i am a ''' - year-old male at  pounds and want to lose fat and weight. but how do i overcome my fear of food?
my daughter is an enrolled american indian from nebraska but lives in new york state and attends columbia university. where does she find information on the exceptions for american indians and the aca in new york? can she speak to someone directly who will be helpful in this regard?
can you have stool from divertic. and gas come through your vagina without a fever?
i haves brian canser & neeeds hepl. sdf aw ergh rsbgf fvdegfds agwergb fbgrfxbgv rgzdf^^^ ^^^dfbgvd fe
what is dementia?
what happens when you stop cold turkey taking cymbalta? . i have been on cymbalta for - years and i cant afford it due to no employment! what happens if i stop taking it?
can masturbation cause negative thoughts?
do all people with schizophrenia act the same?
is it possible for a child to die from choking a day after it happen? is aspiration a sign of strangulation? . . child of  months old died from what looked to be strangulation but theryre not sure? is there something called aspiration or something else that would show false signs of strangulation? . why would a child have cold skin all the time developmental issues cry everytime they walked or stand have diarrhea every day for the past  months? what could cause death? why would the preliminary autopsy state strangulation but the final autopsy isn't here after  months? why?
how much tax will i have to pay if i don't want to buy health insurance under the affordable care act?
is a sharp headache sign of early pregnancy? . also associated is tingling and without feeling of r arm
have started my contraceptive pills on the third day. would they be effective?
i have night sweats dizziness nausea and shortness of breath?
"are the ""clunking"" noises in my hips when i walk most likely related to osteoarthritis? . i can actually feel the clunk of the bones of both hips when i walk but it causes no pain. i only have hip pain when i sleep on my right side"
struck top of hand hard enough to break skin. fingers cold and numb. pain several hours after injury. worth x-ray? . hit my hand very hard on the rigid side of a couch. i have only ever broken a toe in my life so i don't know if i might have a fracture. i am in a fair amount of pain. pain increases exponentially if i try to move my fingers. worth the hour drive to the er for an x-ray?
i was diagnosed with carotid artery disease last year wondering if what my doctor has done is right?
if your husband has hpv how do you have a child without contracting it?
is acupuncture helpful for tinnutus? . husband has tinnutus and told there is nothing doctors can do for him. do you feel acupuncture is an alternative? he has tried otc drops and supplements to no avail. it interferes with his daily activities. any help would be appreciated.
what infection can cause a urine in a bottle? . hi expert . i know its weird question but it is urgent for one my frnd. he was staying a  floor in hostel. so in nights he collected urine in a bottle and uses the same bottle for next night with the same urine. when i went to his room unfortunately i saw that bottle and came to know abt his laziness. but i am confused whether he will get any infections from that bottle? any precautionary treatment can be made? . ps: he using like this for only last  days.
i have had two children and am left with a wrinkly belly. i am only . are thermage or microdermabrasion effective?
while taking metoprolol lisinopril simvastatin can i take alka selzer plus?
need information. i'm  my hubby is . he was taking testosterone pill(one under tongue) every other day but he also has been taking several vitamin compounds that help with infertility. what are our chances of conceiving naturally? thank you
took  hits off marij pipe for the  time in my life  ago will i pass a lab test. i have taken  home tests passed.
i have asthma and i take ventolin inhaler and seretide inhaler been having difficulty in breathing for  weeks and a constant cough for  months with clear phlemg
treatment for aspirin sensitive asthma when aspirin is given accidentally? . i have aspirin sensitive asthma and would like to know if an epi pen should be considered?
after prostate opperation no more sperm erection not the best and can sex put someone pregnant
i have been suffering from joint disease for  months?
if there a way to get pregnant with a babyboy
what will be the reason for headache chest pain and dizziness?
i have trouble breathing and i am coughing an awful lot also my arm becomes uncomfortably numb and its even worse when i go into a coughing fit?
is bacteria vaginosis a std
is it normal that my period is late? almost  days now. i've never had sex so i can't be pregnant. i'm  and i'm always regular. it was ramadan recently. so i fasted. and my sleeping pattern kind of messed up. i went to sleep at  am and woke up at  pm like the whole month. but before that i've always went to sleep at like  pm. plus i ate a lot less. everyone says i've lost weight. and i don't know if i should be worried or not. i'd reaaaaaaally appreciate your help.
ive had stomach problems and panic attacks since i was  need some relief?
i have bumps on the top of my uvula are these hpv or could they be caused by another virus? . i have has a sore throat and swollen tonsils for  weeks i have ran two courses of antibiotics (levaquin and amoxicillan) and it's still not better. i have small bumps about the size of a pencil eraser at the top of the uvula which came two weeks after the sore throat started. there was also a sexual encounter that occurred around the same time the sore throat started. i have been tested for everything but hpv and oral gonorrhea. the dr had initially said it was a minor infection.
how common is heart disease in men and when should prevention begin?
how often should a person have an endoscopy? had one  mo. ago --showed gerds. still have some heartburn.
pain behind right eye blurriness headache sinus pain?
i'm worried about my parents. they're both retired and my dad has some health issues. i think he is covered by medicare/medicaid. my mom only has emergency issue coverage. what's the best source of information i can direct them to to ensure they make the best/most informed decision when it comes to health insurance?
what the best way to cook green beans?
could a yeast infection effect the results of a pregnancy test? . i am  days late on my period. i have a yeast infection. with each of my previous  children i got yeast infections when i found out i was pregnant. i have taken  tests. /day for the last  days. each one has been negative. is it possible that a yeast infection can give negative results on a pregnancy test? i don't remember this happening before. i think i took the test then a few days later got the yeast infection.
im wondering if my child could possibly have bronchitis. she started off with a feaver and sore throat that lasted for  days on the  day her feaver was gone but she had the awfull cough that sounds very cruddy and croopy. its worse at night. her doc. already said she has asthma but her meds are not helping her cough at all.
how long can i take xolair?
how fast can arthritis develope in a broken foot. i broke my left foot over a year ago and am still having problems. i've been told it is arthritis and nothing can be done except fuse the foot. what no one can or will tell me is why no problem before breaking the foot but after breaking it i suddenly have arthritis? can it develop that fast? i feel like the doctors and insurance nurse just want me to go away. thank you.
im a  year old woman with very swollen stomach has been like this for  months?
do i have lupus or some chronic viral infection?
when i walk and use the restroom it feels as if someone is a squeezing my cervix? . could i possibly be going through a tubal pregnancy?
what are the early symptoms of pregnancy? . i had sex on the  of may also was ovulating at the time and was wondering what are the early signs of pregnancy?
i have chronic lumbar back pain would surgery make me regain a healthy life?
why is the second trimester of pregnancy the easiest for some women?
why do i feel kicks in my stomach? !? ! please help! . had three period since this happened. i share bathroom with my brother i'm trying to figure out if he masturbates. please help could the toilet get my pregnant? i'm only  and i've only had four periods. i started getting this in may. i used the bathroom and humped while sitting on a chair and i'm just afraid there was sperm on me. i'm so nervous and scared i've been dwelling on this all summer. does anyone know? this happened may  and i've been having these movements since then. am i just paranoid?
i am now suffering with very bad pain in my hands and feet my hands feel like they are on fire all the time?
mom has demensha i just saw something about grainbriain diet is it worth changing her diet now she is . this diet is low carb gluten free and suggets these  suplements from dr. david pealmudder. . dha. . resveratrol. . turmeric. . . probiotics. . . coconut oil. . . alpha-lipoic acid. . . vitamin d
i underwent vaginal septum removal im experiencing vaginal rash and labia irritation
what causes the rashes from poison ivy oak and sumac?
low grade fever lower abdominal pain motion frequent urination at night unable to digest food properly
how does liver damage occur in hepatitis c infection?
i'm breastfeeding and didn't realize peptobismol wasn't safe. i only took  dose how long should i avoid breastfeeding? . i got norovirus and the stomach pain has been awful so i took one dose of peptobismol without realizing it wasn't safe for breastfeeding. i just researched it and all sites basically say to avoid it due to the risk of reye's syndrome and other risks to the baby. how long should i avoid breastfeeding?
i would like to discontinue use of trazadone. i decrease my dose say by half for example i feel as if i'm suicidal. i'm not able to find a plan that allows me to safely get off of trazadone which was prescribed for my lack of sleep in menopause.
are there any pills or treatments i can use to treat the arthritis in my knees from playing sports? .
found a lump next to my clitors itchy then sore. i am a vergine what is it. i found a lump next to my clitors at first it was itchy then it became sore and it started to go away but then it came back and i am a vergine what is it?
i have polycystic ovarian syndrome and i have lost hair on my head. what can i do to fix the hair loss problem?
i have had diarrhea for  days straight and egg smelling burps what can i do to make it stop?
hi there! i am  years old male and married. i've been diagnosed to have a papillary thyroid cancer stage  (). i have undergone near total thyroidectomy ( a portion of the left lobe was left) a month ago. my endo prescribed levothyroxin for me to take for two to three months. i approached another endo and he has a slightly different view on treatment after surgery. i am weighing my options whether to go on with radioactive iodine treatment or not. suppose i will not undergo rai treatment what other possible options do i have? what are the risks? and if i go for rai what are the possible health risks? will it affect memory other organs like kidney sexual desire etc.? the surgery did not include removal of any lymph node. this is the biopsy:right thyroid lobe and isthmus: nodular papillary adenocarcinoma of low grade malignant potential. left thyroid lobe: colloid goiter solitary parathyroid gland with no significant histopathology demonstated. thanks for the answers
i had a lumbar laminectomy / discectomy on the - around - months ago for some pretty painful sciatica?
is it normal to experience extreme pain after being treated for genital warts?
i was diagnosed with a brain tumor as well as fluid on the brain losing memory?
i have thyroid problem my hr and bp fluctuates often. why?
how long do i have left to live?
armpit lump. i thought it was a spider bite at first since i got the same thing under my other armpit. but i can tell this isn't a bite. it's extremely painful even to move my arm for everyday activity and the lump is very defined and huge. i even noticed a very small lump growing above it. i don't know if it's getting to a risky point. i've only had it for about a week now and it's terrible. no head to drain it even when i try to bring pus to the service. i'd like to know what i should do.
i have a itchy rash that comes and goes what could be causing this? . the rash appears in different areas of my body for an example a rash showed up on my wrist and stayed a while and went away. later the same day it appeared on my stomach and then on my thighs etc. its itchy while it is present. at one point my hands first turned red and then start to itch really bad to the point i had to wash my hands repeatedly. i work in the medical field so i wash my hands a million times a day. what could be causing this reaction?
is a home pregnancy test accurate  days after you missed your period? . i am not having sexual intercourse except for foreplay with my fiance. can genital rubbing cause pregnancy without an ejaculation or precum?
i began to have pain in my left hip across my stomach and in my left groin?
i'm cramping like i'm on my period and my bowls seem to make me fill constipated but i'm going could i be pregnant. hi could i be pregnant i'm having cramping and it seems as though i have constipation but i'm going to the restroom and my breast are very little tender i take into test and both were negative i'm  and having lower back pain but when i had my. period it was only for one day could i be
i take synthroid first thing in the morning. which supplements can i take together and which ones need to be separate? . here is a list of what i take daily: calcium/magn/d-  daily omega-  daily   daily   probiotic  daily ubiquinol   daily multivitamin  pills  daily ferrous gluconate  mg  daily. i take so much that it's hard to take a lot at once without feeling nauseous.
can wormwood black walnut hull and clove help with parasite inside body?
i have pcos and a retroverted uterus what is the likelihood of having a child?
my tubes have been cut tied & burned can i have it reversed i want another baby?
does prostate massage help prevent prostate cancer?
is there a way an olive skin person can have a chemical peel?
how soon after stopping seizure medications can i get my driver's license?
will exercising the vaginal muscles make my vagina tighter?
is taking plan b a good strategy for pre cum? . i had sex with my boyfriend last week. he didn't cum when he was inside but long after he had pulled out. we tried with another condom but it didn't feel good so we tried without it for - mins. he then put the condoms back again. last time he just went in without condom but never ejaculated. i had my last period on  of sep. we had sex on the  and  of oct. i'll buy the morning after pill today (monday). is there a chance that i could get pregnant from pre-cum?
during an argument last night my husband hit me for the first time. is that physical abuse?
why does the my food not taste as good as it used to? . i'm a bit underweight and have i've been trying to gain weight. i used to love food and ate like a horse but never gained a pound. over the past few years my appetite has dwindled down to nearly nothing. i don't get hunger pangs instead i get nauseous when i forget to eat for too long. . recently my appetite has taken a worse turn - when i eat the food does not appeal or satisfy. it tastes okay but not enjoying meals makes trying to eat even harder.
what is zift (zygote intrafallopian transfer) for infertility?
pregnancy. i had a brownish red spot just only once yesterdy. my periods s due between  and  this month. what does this mean? does it mean am pregnent? ! coz i dnt have bleeding just had a brownish red spot that too only once.
can i get pregnant if he fingered me with very wet cum fingers right after getting off on my leg close to my vagina. we cant remember if it got onto my vagina and he dont know how wet his fingers were but he went deep with one. i think it probably was pretty wet cuz it was almost imediatey and he didnt wipe it off. is it possible i could become pregnant from this.
is a biopsy needed to diagnose vertigo? . my brother-in-law has been sick lately with what we think is symptoms of vertigo. we were told the doctors were doing a biopsy and we would have the results in a week.
can my husband play and suck my nipples when i'm. breastfeeding?
how do you control hypoglycemia when your trying to lose wieght?
i am pregnant with hives what can i take?
penies length size for  year old. hai i'm  year old and my hight is .  and wight is . my penis size .  inch it is normal size for my age.? . is there any chanch to grown up?
i have been diagnosed with barrets esophagus and severe acid reflux are ppis safe for me?
what are some exercises that i can do while traveling without carrying any equipment?
my partner has genital herpes but has not had outbreak in years we had unprotected sex does that mean that i have it? . my partner has genital herpes but has not had outbreak in years. we have been together for  years but he has not had an outbreak for more then that. . if we have had unprotected sex does that mean that i will get it for sure?
does prozac cause weight gain? what about zoloft?
ive just turned  and have advanced glaucoma started having confused episodes?
i have another question for rod moser pa phd re: partial hysterectomy question previously posted. the person who presented the story about the  yr old woman w partial hysterectomy is very distraught over losing this child they even named her. he never was at any appts with her she said she had an ultrasound but there was no pic he has seen no pregnancy test or labs. he says she has  small incisions one by the belly button and one on her left side. is there any medical documentation he could ask for to prove her story? .
does my pharmacist also know about supplements and vitamins?
my vaginal discharge is yellowish greenish and i've already been treated for chlamydia
our water is from a well and has no added fluoride. is using fluoride toothpaste enough?
what is cystoscopy?
could having bad sinus/cold infection cause sensitivity in teeth and pressure behind jaw/ears.
i feel tired every day around  to  pm so tired i cant keep my eyes open what could be wrong?
what are multiple red dots on my leg that itch. i just got out of the shower and had a spot (about four inches) with little red dots that itched
i have had a bacterial infection need doctor advice?
what can cause pain in the lower right abdomin. my daughter was diagnosed with a severe case of strep and mono last weekend. the strep is gone or should say doctor says her throat looks a lot better but the mono isn't. she is complaining of pain her glands of her neck both sides and she has said for the last few days she has had pain at night and sometimes during the day in her lower right abdomin. she is on an antibiotic it is the penicillin v  mg  x day i know that causes diarreaha but is this serious should i have her looked at again.
how lumbar injury affects cervical spine. my husband had a laminectomy after a disc ruptured & pieces entered the spinal column. a second laminectomy performed to remove remaining pieces. two years ago he required an xlif. he has problems with his cervical spine with some bulging discs. years ago his neurosurgeon told us eventually the damage could cause cervical and thorasic spine problems. a va dr. never heard of a connection between injury to the lumbar spine & problems with the cervical or thorasic spine. could you elaborate?
help where to get help for son age  hari loss. son  and for + yrs his hair premature receding  i lost my oldest son this took a profound effect began seeing a psychiatrist put on numerous anti-depressants/anxiety meds. he had thick full head hair took himself off now just on seroquel  virtually noissues with hairloss on either side in college full time/works tries handle everything gets very stressed hair began to recede more rapidly did have a vit d def corrected (bacteria on scalp? want to help him what doc/ what purchas
i have recently had breast surgery removal of calcium deposits with cancer cells?
what over-the-counter medicine can you take for postnasal drip?
hard lump in my armpit? . i've noticed for about a month now that in my left armpit when i push down about  i have a hard bump that doesn't move (assuming it's a lymph node). are you supposed to feel anything in your armpits at all? it does not hurt at all when i push on it.
is there a difference in sensitivity between a circumcised and uncircumcised penis?
do you have to take plan b if have unprotective sex twice a month. do i have to take plan b again? i had unprotected sex on // and took plan b on //. but condom broke on /<negative_smiley> i am not sure if i had to take it again?
i cut a chuck out of my finger with a peeler. i did get it to quit bleeding but how do i care for it now?
will myrrh cause a false positive for a drug test? . i've recently purchased this product (myrrh) form whole foods and have smoked it and taken it in capsule form. i am subject to random drug screens for my job so should i be worried?
i was diagnosed with diabetes shouldnt my doctor suggest metformin?
what kind of skin condition/infection is this? . yesterday an apparent skin infection on my check had swollen half of my face and made it extremely sensitive and sore. i seemed to have brought it down with ibuprofen and ice but the size of the actual bump has not diminished and still hurts. the bump itself looks like a raised inflamed elliptical area slightly over one inch long. the area feels mostly hard underneath while the skin above it feels very dry. what would cause this and should i see a doctor?
can my  yr old daughter take benadryl with zyrtec for allergic rhinitis?
can you pass on the flu if you have had the flu shot?
my sons tibia is fractured and its been a week and a half and he is still having alot of pain. is that normal? . he was fine the past couple of days and now screaming in pain today
i really need help. im scared and worried. please just read my additional infro and help.  year old girl. ive reached  pounds. i cried. im fairly certain i eat proper amount of food the right kind parent think its lack of exercise i have little to none. im '. i know i need to exercise now i tried when i was 's i skipped almost   times every day in  grade. nothing. it did nothing. i didnt lose anything. im ashamed of myself. need help. anythingexercises protein drinks for teens other healthy foods? i need advice. scared for my health. need this to stop i want to be healthy.
what causes pagets disease of bone?
will circumcision cause weight loss in baby? . grandson is  weeks old. he had his circumcision  days ago. he was weighed today and lost  grams in total since birth. he is following all other chart measurements perfectly (length head growth filling in of limbs et cetera). my daughter is worried after the doctor said he should be at least back to his birth weight of  grams. thanks for your wonderful site and service . tim mackinnon. tim@maidinmontreal. com
i have sinus problems even when i get a cold my nose always remain dry?
will azo standard affect my uti test
"i have been feeling shaky and getting nauseous after i drink my first cup of coffee every morning. i end up vomiting. i recently have been avoiding sugars and carbohydrates. i normally do not eat until afternoon but recently i had no choice i had to eat something. i don't get much warning before i start to vomit. i an ' "" and weigh  (was up to ) but started losing about  months ago. what could be causing this?"
is pnemonia contagious if you got it from having the flu? fever is still present and antibiotic hasn't been started yet.
daily low grade fevers low backpain fatigue.? . daily low grade fevers low back pain that gets increasingly worse fatigue and in the morning my whole body aches. any ideas?
are there any known drug interactions between amoxicillin and vicodin?
while admitted in hospital my amylase and lipase percentage has been  time the normal range?
can i still ovulate if i'm pregnant?
i had my tubes tied in . in april may june and july i missed my period. since then light spotting should i worry? . also having sparatic nausea stomache bloating fatigue mood swings
why are some people not infected by a virus even though it is in their body?
i had a partial hysterectomy in my 's. at  i have hot flashes mood changes and depression. is this is menopause?
how is bacterial jock itch treated?
when is surgery necessary for treating psoriatic arthritis?
what can you give a small dog for cough?
i have uc/crohns disease. what are some things for me to consider when getting a flu shot? . i take a lot of of otcs ( prilosec florastor ) as well humira ( when the disease is active ). i cant handle massive amounts of dairy and stress makes me extremely ill
does psoriatic arthritis cause inflammation of organs?
my  yr old has very large tonsils snores and seems tired all the time. should i have her tonsils removed? . she also seems to get strep at least a couple times a year.
small insect bite itching resistant to epinephrine injection pills and creams getting worse?
is levocetirizine sufficient to cure nasal congestion and cough?
broke my collarbone last week now my feet are swelling with fluid any connection?
can stress cause ulcerative colitis?
what can i expect during week  of my pregnancy?
i was having a weird pulsing sensation in my vagina with no pain while sitting or laying down. while i was sitting or laying down i had a weird pulsing sensation that felt like it was in my vagina. i am  weeks into my pregnancy and this is my first pregnancy. i read on sites that people think it was just blood flow baby is hiccuping contractions or dilatation. but there was no pain. i was hoping that someone knew exactly what this is. i did feel my baby moving and kicking when the pulsing stopped. does anyone know for sure what the pulsing sensation is?
can a young pregnant mother be around an adult with poilo?
do the number of vastectomies performed go up when the economy goes down?
i have severe sinus infection (acute frontal sinusitis) what are my next steps?
can low dose () prednisone help hip bursitis
ive been on xolair for . i can't get it anymore what is going to happen? . im  years old female. i have sever allergic asthma and i have been on many medications since i was . when i was  i started getting the xolair injections. it is a very pricey drug or costs roughly $  a year. b. c pharmacare has been covering the costs. last week i found out that when they sent in the forums to get it covered for the next year it was denied. my next injection was supposed to be this coming tuesday. what is going to happen when i miss it?
i'm not sure if i have blood in my poop but i do know when i push it out and wipe i start to bleed enough to worry. well almost every time i wipe i start bleeding after i poop but today was the first time that my vowel movement was alot of blood in my toliet. but it didnt look like it was in my poop. im worry because my grandfather had colon cancer and it runs in my family. please help
should i have uti rechecked if still have lower back and abdominal tenderness along with urinating frequently? . finished sulfamax four days ago and hate to be on another course of antibiotics. could i explore alternative therapies?
lymph nodes have been swollen for at least  years now tender and hurting?
i am almost one year into menopause not sexually active right now. what precautions should i be aware of? . can i get pregnant? is hiv/aids something i should still be concerned about?
what over the counter cold medications can safely be used when taking prescription  ibuprofen
i started getting mild sickness after eating about  year ago. it has now progressed?
can babies one or two get asthma from weed smoke? and how is it health for the baby?
can hip pain go down leg to feet. hi i have severe osteoarthritis in both of my hips and although i know knee pain is common with bad hips could this also cause pain in my shins and even my feet?
can you take cipro for cold in the chest.
i'm over wght/carrying most between my knees and waist. my legs look like cottage cheese/bumps what causes that? . what types of foods should i eat or avoid and exercises can help. thanks.
can you have pregnancy symptoms early as  days. i had unprotected sex on the  of june and around thursday i had been getting these weird feelings in my uterus/tube area and i have been getting cramps. and i've been feeling super nauseas. my period isn't until a couple weeks. i was wondering if its possible to feel the symptoms of pregnancy this early? and if so do you think this is pregnancy?
what causes genital herpes?
i live in florida and im training to become a certified healthcare navigator. how do i register with marketplace?
gargling with cold water stops hiccups. gargling with cold water stops hiccups
can i start my new birth control  days early to avoid my period starting? . i'm on birth control and have been on the inactive pills this week. my period hasn't started yet and i have plans this weekend and don't want my period on the weekend. would it be ok to start my active pills early as long as i go in the right order?
my husband has stomach cancer he refused treatment now he is unable to eat solid food?
how can i deal with constipation during pregnancy?
neuropathy. my blood work shows that i am pre-diabetic (ac  is . <positive_smiley> and i am about  lbs overweight. i am experiencing burning and tingling in my feet and sometimes tingling in my right leg up to my knee. i also have tingling in my hands sometimes. is this possibly diabetic neuropathy even though i am not considered diabetic? or could this be some other problem.
how to confirm if my heart is in good condition?
how do i know if my toddler has strep throat. i have had a sore throat for couple nites and just noticed spots on the tonsils. i plan on going to a dr tomorrow morning for antibiotics but i'm concerned about my  year old. i didn't see any spots in her mouth are there any other symptoms i should be watching out for? she is recovering from a cold from over a week ago but it's been improving.
ive been having some trouble breathing through my nose?
what are the chances of getting pregnant with an iud? . i have the paragaurd and its been in for less than a year and i have a  month old.
the tip of my left hand thumb has been numbish for  days can you explain what could be causing it? . it randomly happened yesterday. i'm  years old and i was playing video games at the time. this never happened to me before though and i'm stumped. first i thought it was like a heart attack warning and i scared myself but the feeling was only contained to my thumb. it feels kind of like how it feels when you burn your skin but i know i didn't burn it. seriously stumped.
i have a sprained neck and have been seen by two different doctors. can i take two medications together as directed? . one doctor prescribed vicodin and the other prescribed nabumetone  mg.
i am  male and just had my first adult physical. dr. never looked at my genitals. is that normal? . i just had my first adult physical with my new dr. after growing to old for my pediatrician. the nurse after taking height weight blood pressure temperature and pulse told me to get fully nude and put on the dressing gown. the female dr. came in and asked me questions tested my reflexes and breathing but never examined my genitals. in fact she made a point to cover me when she was examining my stomach. is this normal?
had surgery on my tail bone wont heel doctor said was good but its not?
does benadryl have aspirin in it? i have watery eyes but i can't take anything with aspirin.
had sex with an escort. i did use a condom. now i think i have hiv. am i rational? how soon would i know?
can newborn babies be born addicted to prednisone if the mom took it for asthma in the last trimester
what tests are useful in the evaluation of diarrhea?
i was told there would be a multi-state health insurance plan offered but haven't been able to find info on it.
burn on foot. i spilled scalding water on my foot while cooking. i put what on it immediately followed by ice.  hrs later it is red and severely uncomfortable in a part of the burn. it turns white when touched but if i leave the ice off for more than ten minutes the severe pin returns. what should i do?
painful nodule on bottom of foot two more now any type of stretching causes excruciating pain?
i had neck and back fusion   surgery went bad can i get bars out?
" yr male. sex with ""massage girl"" once with condom. what was my risk? paranoid about hiv and stds. what tests to take? . i am just paranoid about that one encounter  wks ago. i was wearing a condom and didn't see any visible ulcers or warts on her (i know that doesn't necessarily mean she has no stds). i want to know what my risks were and what tests should i get (hsv hpv etc. ) please advise. thank you."
i had open heart surgery five bypasses i need to lose weight and start a diet and excise program where can i fine one? . i'm over weight and been fighting this for awhile i
i have been getting pain in the left side just below the second rib in the back?
"what does it mean when toothpaste has ""tartar protection""?"
what causes epilepsy in children?
how can i manage vaginal discharge during pregnancy?
how does a woman () w/facial hair that only gets her period  a year start to become fertil enough to get pregnant? . what steps must be taken to become fertile if you have more male hormones than female hormones?
whats the age i can stop getting a mammogram?
i am getting married on  nov . i want to have child so how can i approach for sex? . actually i stays in abroad and i have  days holiday so i want to take advantage of this and want to planned as such that within those given days i wnt  make my wife pregnant bcoz i usually gets holidays after  yrs. so please guide me what should i do and do not?
how can i increase my  year old month baby height? . how can i increase my  year old month baby height?
what causes generalized anxiety disorder (gad)?
i have fluids in my eyeswhat is it please help
would it be possible to get a allergy test to see what my daughter is allergic too without knowing what it is. doctor keeps telling me she needs to know what my daughter is having a reaction to first but i would much prefer if she could have test done to see what my daughter is allergic too. is there a test out there that can do that without knowing what the allergy is?
no period after only having one depo shot. i got the depo shot on sept  . in oct. i got a period and also in nov. i decided i didn't want to get the shot which i had to go in on the  of dec. to get it. i did have intercourse on the  of dec and it was unprotected. i was expecting a period on the  of dec and it did not come. i am afraid i may be pregnant but i keep getting negative's. i just want my period to return and i have been to two dr's that say it is a side effect of the shot but why after  months no period.
strong smelling urine. i had a mild urinary tract infection about  weeks ago with all the burning and discomfort but that went away but my urine still has a strong odor is that a sign i still have the infection?
can an infection in the inner ear cause fibromyalgia. i've been diagnosed with vestibular lynbrith disorder i have tinnitus and hearing loss. can that trigger fibromyalgia?
no period since aug thought i may be pregnant taken many tests past  weeks all negative have cramps the past  days. i did not get my period in september and still have not gotten it yet this month. my husband and i have been trying to get pregnant since aug so i have taken several tests and all have turned out negative. i have been cramping the past  days on and off but still have no period. should i get a blood test?
what are the side affects of cinnamon? . are there any bad side affects to taking cinnamon and what are the recommended dosages? . i have been putting cinnamon in my coffee and it seems to help my arthritis. i just wanted to know if there were any unwanted side affects or drug reactions to taking it. . is the pill form better then just the spice powder?
darke areola/nipples on birth control? . i've been on birth control for about  months now and a few weeks ago realized that my areolas/nipples have gotten darker. i don't believe i'm pregnant; i've taken  pregnancy tests and they've come back negative and i've gotten two periods. what else could this be?
how much ibuprofen is safe to take each day it helps with my arthritis pain! . i'm taking two  of ibuprofen each day. thanks!
is it wrong to take antibiotics for colds?
i gained weight after having my uterus removed now have borderline high blood pressure. is this linked to menopause?
i use two disposable bags a day. my insurance company says i only need one a day. what do you think? . are there any statics that proof that ostamates only need one bag a day? i have used on average two per day for the last  years
i feel numbness in penis. is it due to nerve impingement?
why do i have a low tolerance to cold weather suddenly? . i'm in my  and have lived in northern us climates my whole life. i don't recall the winter months ever being particularly intolerable. but over the last  years below freezing temps have become agonizing. that's not all- i'm finding under  or cloudy days jacket weather suddenly and i keep my house at . triple digit temps don't feel like anything and i can even wear a jacket if necessary for my outfit. it's like i've become borderline reptilian. what could be causing this shift?
is it okay to do exercise morning and evening alternatively? like today morning and tomo evening.? . bcoz someday i have time in the morning and someday in the evening. pls provide ur suggestions
 female with pain in left elbow and top of right foot cloudy urine normal yellow color without strong odor. no fever just woke up like this  days ago.
following ejaculation how many days does it take sperm to reach the egg?
what is psoriatic arthritis?
in winter i have cold feet and toes pain sweeling and redness and can't walk
i was diagnosed with pandas syndrome i often run low grade fevers have fatigue and chills?
i lose my erection after i wear condom on my penis. m a  year old boy. whenever i wear condom on my penis i lose my erection resulting i cannot have sex. me and my partner tried to have sex  to  times but we dint had sex as i lose my erection. without condom there is no erection problem but we cant have sex without condom. is there any possibility that this erection problem is because of masturbation. i m masturbating from last  or  years almost daily. once in a day. please suggest me what should i do to have a good and long erection with condom.
my friend's  years old recently he started suffering from hardhips breathing and a sting-like feeling below his heart but this only occurs at night and it's getting worse. should he be afraid of potential heart attacks or not? and what are the possible causes please? thank you very much
i have felt sensations of tachycardia to the head?
daughter is  weeks pregnant and was accidently hit in stomach near hip. is baby and uterus ok? . it only hurt for a minute or two. she said it doesn't hurt now. i just want to be sure baby and uterus are ok.
i have had a bacterial infection need doctor advice?
is it safe to have sex with a condom while being treated for chlamydia?
how to avoid getting pregnant the natual way? . i'm  and engaged. my fiance and i agreed we avoid getting pregnant for the first few years of marriage. he doesn't want to wear a condom and insists on that i should take birth control but i disagreed. i don't believe in birth control due to the high risks of side effects. eventually i want and would love to get pregnant but after a - years of being married. i would like to know is there natural ways of having sex and not getting pregnant?
can you drink alchol if you took two  ibuprofen? . i took   ibeprofen pills because my back was hurting from a car accident that i got into a year ago but i took them probably an hour or so apart then forgot that i took them an an hr after that drank a small amount of alcohol.
i have bloating feeling in my upper abdomen under my chest top of stomach?
what are the symptoms of pinkeye and is it contagious?
can condoms cause the vaginal area to become red and swollen? . i just had sex for the first time with a condom. afterwards my lower vagina where the penis enters is now red and swollen. i have trouble going to the bathroom because it hurts so bad. i want to know what i can do to fix it without going to the doctor. but if i have to go i understand. tell me what is wrong and what i should do?
when i stand up my body contorts for a few seconds?
would antibiotics during pregnancy cause any harm?
is it fine to exercise with knee pain?
are there any foods that might counteract my allergy medications?
having heart valve replacement surgery concerned about risk factors and other treatment options?
how does food get contaminated by gastroenteritis viruses?
do you get a shot if you have pneumonia. my boyfriend told me he has pneumonia he went to urgent care & they tested him for mono as well do you normally recive a shot for pneumonia?
is exercising on an empty stomach a good idea?
diagnosed with blood brain abnormalities but mri says im ok?
i took zitrimax for flu and am still on prednisone. could this cause swollen lymph glands. had flu middle of january. took zithromax and a round of prednisone. was still not completely well so doctor put me on another round of prednisone. will take last pill /<negative_smiley>. problem is in neck area by lymph nodes on my left side. could these meds be causing swollen gland?
terrible headaches worst human pain
i have trouble breathing and i am coughing an awful lot also my arm becomes uncomfortably numb and its even worse when i go into a coughing fit?
lately i seem to be overly moist during sexual intercourse
what can i expect during week  of my pregnancy?
i have had spine problems since an accident in ?
which two drugs does azor replace for high blood pressure losartan nefidical xl dyazide and bisoprolol? . i was taking the above medications and my new doctor changed me to azor and bystolic. i ran out of the azor samples today and want to take the  medications that i was taking before the change until i can get to the doctor's office tomorrow to get more samples or a prescription. . i am pretty sure the bisoprolol was replaced with the bystolic but i don't know which other one bystolic replaced. i have some of my old medications left and want to take the two that azor replaced for today.
what kinds of infections may occur in tkr  mons. ago. knee aspirations been bloody for past  months. serious cure? . orthopedic surgeon thinks i have an infection but lab test always negative. he also thinks i may be allergic to the metal. he wants to perform another replacement but i think we should do something first to determine why as much as  of blood comes out every - wks. when i have my knee aspirated. please help me i am very worried that the toxins are doing damage to my leg! i've had ct scan mri & a nuclear bone scan. dr. admitted he's not certain what to do maybe use ceramic.
my  year old daughter has been having a shooting pain on the top right of her head?
have had chronic dysentery daily for  months?
what is dementia?
my father diagnosed with stomach cancer is not treatable please advise?
if i have already received mmr vaccinations as a child and as an adult do i need another vaccination? . i received mmr vaccinations as a child and also at age  for a total of three vaccinations. from the research i've done it seems that i should be well protected for life against the diseases covered by the vaccine. what if any reason should i receive another vaccination?
can a pregnant dental assistant take x-rays? . the dental assistant most of the time has to hold the xray cone or the digital sensor in the patient's mouth when x-ray is taken.
is nausea a side effect of taking vitamin ?
hompathic cure for trichomoniasis. are there medicated douches that can cure trichomoniasis or other home remedies? . .
i have been sick with over  degree fever for four days straight now?
what is heartburn?
what is the procedure to obtain medicare coverage fofr gthe shingles vaccine?
can lack of iron in the diet cause anemia?
could i be pregnant even though the hpt i took was negative? . my husband and i have been ttc for  months. usually a week before i start my period my breast will get really tender. however this time that hasn't happened. i am  days late. my last af was /-/. i have also had some diarreah and nasty tasting burps off and on the past week. i took and hpt last night and it was negative. could it be wrong?
my daughter's daycare gave her yogurt that was in her backpack for a week. what should we do?
what care can i expect after orthodontic braces come off?
if a carrier denies coverage for a pre-existing condition what are the steps involved in appealing that decision? . i'm just wondering if protracted lawsuits will ensue while a potential patient suffers the effects of waiting for treatment based on a decision about whether the denial was justified.
i found i'm pregnant / (~- wks) & i was drinking alcohol til /. what are risks for baby? today we saw heartbeat.
diagnosed with central sleep apnea can treatment cause cause pulmonary hypertension?
does eating honey help prevent heart disease?
 year old is on  antibiotic back to back + rocefin shots for ear infection. when should we see an ent? .  temperature for  consecutive days prior to rocefin. week before  days of  temps + vomiting. lower grade fevers before that.
i have debilitating shoulder pain acupuncture physio and doctors may have caused permanent damage?
is a heart rate of  bad with a streached heart. my doc did a ultrasound on friday call me on saturday tell me that and that i need to see a cardiaologist its sunday and im have sever coughing fits and shortness of breth a little tightness in the chest waht should i do
my wife gives my -year-old son tums when he claims to have a stomachache. is it good/safe to give it to him?
why does my penis itch? . all right about a month ago my penis started to itch. i figured it was just an allergic reaction or dry skin or something. but after a month i figured something was definitely going on. i started researching on the internet and all fingers point to chlamydia or gonorrhea. i called a clinic and they cant get me in until monday. and its thursday. well i sprayed peroxide into my urethra and all of the symptoms cleared up. hopefully the peroxide got rid of everything without doing any damage.
i am man is it possible for me to treat my body like its going through pregnancy i want to find out how that feels like? . hello i being loving seeing the beautiful and sexy body of a pregnant woman and i all ways want to know what it feels like to be pregnant and i like to do stuff to my body to see i can experience what a pregnant woman goes through during pregnancy
what are advantages/disadvatages in taking med marijuana. i have chronic daily headaches (chronic headache syndrome) ptsd anxiety/frequent anxiety attacks which lead to twitching and convulsions depression migraines convulsions and more. i have been taking zoloft for my depression and i have  different therapists/psychologists/psychotherapists which i all frequently see. i don't like taking mainstream medications because i don't like putting harmful chemicals in my body and i don't like the way they make me feel sometimes.
could i have caught somthing from my ex? . i had sex with my ex for the first time in  months and a few days later i started having discharge (white or clear) and a sore spot and somtimes when i wipe down there that spot bleeds a little do you think i caught somthing from him?
what is the difference between adderall and ritalin?
what happens if you have health insurance coverage at the moment but lose coverage say the first of the year? . can you apply for coverage at that time? in other words is there open enrollment due to instances such as this? also do you get penalized if you have coverage now but lose it after the first of the year?
stabbed with lead pencil. is there any danger?
my  y/o has been complaining for the last  months tummy ache/pain of the abdomen (around the navel area)/slightly swollen abdomen/discomfort when eating (will only eat a few bites)?
i had a baby a few months ago and i am not comfortable using sunscreen on my baby. are sunscreen safe on young babies?
suffering from anxiety and panic attacks for the last  years. need second opinion on the prescription.
my daughter has a rash on her face that looks like poison ivy. it is nowhere else on her. could it be something else?
can the pooled blood in the eyelid of a black eye be drained?
large lump on the base of the right testicle which comes and goes. over the last year i've had three ultrasounds and each time i went to get the scans the lump wasn't present. the ultrasounds did not detect anything apart from a minor varicocele. previous to the last  months the lump would appear randomly even when i wasn't engaged in any sexual activity yet every time i went to see my gp it wouldn't show itself. . recently i've noticed the large lump usually appears when i'm doing something sexual. thanks
is there an otc version of latisse? what is it called? is it effective? thanks!
i have been experiencing headaches that make me vomit im wondering if this could be hormonal?
when should i expect to see my doctor after my surgery?
what are some low-impact weight-bearing exercises for osteoporosis?
bronchitis:  days cefdinar  - no help one day medrol pak no help nowvibramycin . what should i expect?
can continually coloring my hair damage my hair and/or scalp after years of repetition?
i get cold sores in my mouth regularly when should i worry about kissing etc? . for the last  months a have been getting fairly regular outbreaks of herpes simplex  on the inside of my mouth. i know they can be spread even if they aren't present so when should i worry about spreading it?
what's the big deal? can genital herpes kill you?
why do pregnant women urinate so frequently at night
what medicine is recommended to treat kids with fever related to reye syndrome?
what increases the risk of getting toxoplasmosis during pregnancy?
i recieved a teanus shot in my left shoulder  days ago and it still makes my whole arm numb. did they hit a nerve?
i am having a severe migraine that wont go away and now i am having severe pain behind both ears in the bone. i had a severe migraine and after  days i went to the er to get relief. the pain did subside and a day and a half later it came back along with severe pain in the bone behind my ear and now both ears. i am having alot of trouble sleeping. nothing is helping the ear pain. the pain now going down my neck. its now been  days since i was in the er. i do have migraines and hemiplegic migraines. i have never had this pain before. i am having trouble getting ahold of my dr.
my antidepressants destroyed my libido what other medication can help me?
what does thrush look like in an adults mouth? . i have white pimple like things on the inside bottom lip and on the inside of the right cheek. just wondering what you might think it is. my month hurts and food has no taste. my tough in numb and cheek inside is numb.
what happens if one doesn't sign up for health insurance by december ?
can a girl get pregnant from precum the day after her period then taking the morning after pill. i had sex with my gf twice this weekend. once on sat night and once sun morning. i did not use a condom nor did i cum inside of her. she just got off her period the day before we had sex. i was worried so i had her take the morning after pill. she also took the morning after pill last month for the same incident. should she be ok not getting pregnant since i didnt cum inside her and she took the pill?
does the flu make you sweat. i believe i had the flu. but wonder because now that the chills are i have been sweating for days.
i have abdominal discomfort everyday do i need endoscopy?
how to treat arthritis in the jaw
can young kids use regular toothpaste with fluoride?
how can i change the timing of a bowel movement from  am to a more convenient time which won't affect sleeping? . this problem began after i started taking flomax for enlarged prostate. even though i don't have to take to flomax anymore the  am bowel movement (which wakes me up every morning) has not ceased. it has really affected my work since i rarely can go back to sleep until  when i used to wake up. i'm reluctant to take any laxatives because not sure of their effect on my system. i am not constipated.
is it ok for my fiancee to breastfeed while she is on vicodin?
protected sex then got period the next day. can i be pregnant? . pls help. my boyfriend and i had a protected sex he didnt cum inside me last sept  then i got my period sept . it was normal and ended on the . now its october and my period is late i got pregnancy test twice last oct  and it was negative. now i dont still have my period. can i be pregnant? pls help me im so scared and stress right now.
hit my head mri indicates white matter hyperintensities?
i take  mg pravastatin doctor wants it at . i can't afford new meds can i take   tabs instead of the ?
help! my legs constantly feel weak! what could be the cause of this? i have a number of problems i need answers to <negative_smiley>. i have weakness in my legs low bp (last reading /) anxiety difficulty sleeping depression lack of concentration my appetite is not normal - i could eat  calories a day if i allowed myself to i'm tired all the time and very weak! i need help to understand what is going on with me! i eat really well only real food! i work out (which is becoming terribly difficult. for example i couldn't jump in my crossfit class bringing my legs up was impossible) what could be wrong with me?
what is the prognosis for hepatitis?
how can i best cope with being on bed rest during my pregnancy?
will omeprazole cause a positive thc result on a drug screen
having trouble swallowing diagnosed oral thrush taking nystatin?
can i get my partner pregnant when we have unprotected sex (but i pulled out) on her supposed ovulation day? . we just use and online ovulation calculator to determine her supposed ovulation day. i also ejaculated the day before we had sex and the morning before we had sex (through masturbation). i also urinated before having sex. i suppose urinating clears out any sperm remaining from previous ejaculations and ejaculations few hours to a day prior to intercourse temporarily but significantly drop my sperm count. i ejaculated outside her a good  to  seconds after pulling out. need an md opinion.
pregnant girlfriend having constant severe headaches severe nausea and severe lower back pain for a couple days now. went to er yesterday they gave her ondansetron odt to help with nausea but not really working
if you have a cold can you take zyrtec in the am and nyquil at night.
i live in sc and receive social security. i am covered by a medigap plan which i pay monthly. my husband and i are . he too has a medigap policy. will premiums increase drastically? we do not wish to receive medicaid even though our income is approximately $ /month. we'd prefer to keep our medigap which pays the % medicare doesn't pay. will our insurance company be permitted to increase our premium to the extent we cannot afford it?
is there pain in the genital area when you have a uti
i have history of multiple myeloma when i get up from sitting i take one step get off balance?
what are the symptoms of pneumonia?
ive had heartburn for three days cannot eat or drink anything without severe pain. nothing works. what do you suggest?
how do i take bupranol fp?
i have a defect in the base of my skull need a second medical opinion?
i am withdrawing from heroin should i go to the er
my dog scratched my eyelid and it is swollen and red. should i go to the eye doctor?
i had a vestibular injury do not know what to do anymore?
how do i have chlamydia and he dont? . i went to get put on birthcontrol since we weren't being very safe about sex. while i was there i went ahead and got tested turns out i have chlamydia. i went ahead and told him he went and got tested his results were negative. ive only had unprotected sex with  guy years ago and i got tested after i broke up with him. i don't understand where it came from and why he doesn't have it also
im having my ovaries removed but have been asked to consider having a hysterectomy at the same time. should i im . i have been asked to consider a hysterectomy - presumably because of my age? what are the pro's and cons of this. could it be that it is easier to surgically remove it all than just remove the ovaries? the ovaries have large dermoid cysts so need to come out but everything else is ok i think.
i had carpal tunnel syndrome surgery still feel numbness?
my period had been late  months in a row. i have been constipated and i nearly fainted. could i be pregnant? . my lips have also become very chapped and they did in my first pregnancy too. i have taken a couple pregnancy test the first  months my period was late and they were negative but i havent taken on in over a month.
when should i introduce my baby to solid foods?
does medicare cover shingles vaccine?
what is prostate cancer?
can a blood test detect vitilligo?
my daughter is five and every two weeks she gets a runny nose bad cough and high fever. why is this happening? . doctors say flu allergies but never give her anything for it. she keeps getting sick we keep taking her back to doctor. this last time she went they said they thought they heard crackling in her chest. x-ray showed not enough to require medicine. shes sick for three or four more days. gets better than exactly seven days later same thing all over again. high fever bad cough runny nose. the times in between her getting sick seems to be getting shorter. doctor just sends her home. what do i do?
can stretching of the legs during ballet and exercise increase the size of vaginal openings in a nine year old girl?
can i be forced to get a vaccination? . for example swine flu if its becoming pandemic? or anything disease like hiv etc what about being restricted or quarantined?
how can i get rid of those red scars which then make a pit on my face? . i already have some pits on my face which were once red scars i'm  and have been suffering from whitehead acne for  yrs. the acnes are rare now and i'm using % salisylic acid on my face every day. but the main problem are the scars any peeling cream? . by the way is using azithromycine  useful to get rid of future acne and how should i use it?
i had a knee arthroscopy  months ago for two meniscus tears in my left knee?
what can a dermatologist can help me with?
when should adults be vaccinated against the flu?
what is a hernia?
im a  year old male. i had a uti just over a year?
why do we need sleep?
do i have pilonidal cyst? . hello. i felt pain in my buttock yesterday. i checked and i have small bumb in my buttcrack about few centimeters above anus. and also that area is red. i thought it's just a pimple and it will pass but it still hurts. i googled and it looks like a pilonidal cyst. but that bumb in pilonidal cyst seems to be above buttcracks and my bumb is inside. so my question is do i have pilonidal cyst or it's just some pimple? . please help i'm terrified.
why do i have an extreme urge to have a bowel movement when i am faced with scary/fearful situations? . (e. g). imminent danger fear for a loved one misplaced keys etc. or even loud phones
bad pain in my thoracic – orthopedic doctors baffled
is it ok to take propranolol (beta-blocker) while on testosterone replacement therapy?
suffering really bad conjunctivitis
i am having a sharp spasm like pain in the back of my left leg about  inches above the knee. should i be concerned.
what is an anticholinergic used for parkinson's disease?
is it true that masturbation can cause infertility in women?
are there any nonsurgical methods for fading age spots on the face?
is it better to apply heat or cold to sore muscles after stenuous exercise?
i recently had oral sex with my boyfriend while he had a cold sore. could i have contracted genital herpes from him? . - there is itchiness and when i try to rub the area it burns. - there is a bump on my vulva. - my vulva looks quite red. - when i urinate there is severe burning when the urine passes over certain areas on my vulva. - we have been having a lot of sex recently and many times i'm not very well lubricated could my vagina just be irritated?
what vitamin can i use to prevent hair loss? . i lose lots of hair while i wash and brushing my hair. nothing has been changed in my diet and or in my daily regimen. . i did travel internationally for a month in july thru aug. i am  yrs of age female. i did take all the precautions (i. e. vitamins required shots and malaria pills). . please help!
is it normal to have clear ejaculation? its always been clear for as long as i can remember? . i've recorded myself a few times and it's always clear. is that ok?
should i be concerned that my child will receive the tetanus vaccine twice in less than a year? . my  yr old son received a tetanus vaccine in june  from our family doctor due to a foot injury. in january  my son and his fellow grade  students are scheduled to receive the dtap vaccine. should i be concerned that he will receive the tetanus vaccine twice in less than a year?
i . i have acne all over my back chest arms neck and face. how to get rid of it.? . i am drinking hamdard safi- blood purifier. these pimples are huge and they live black spots and holes on my body. \. this acne has resulted in low esteem and depression.
most of my bowel movements are hard pebbles most of the time i use a rubber glove on my hand to get the stool out why. i eat a lot of fiber and have used senocot and miralax without much relief i also have pain in my groin area that affects my walking sometimes. i have been having this problem for a few years i also have gerd and take protonics for that. what can i do?
my boyfriend gave me trich but i am all cleared up now can i still contract it in my vagina if i swallow his semen?
what are the symptoms of the common cold?
how can i appeal a decision rendered by medicaid regarding a partial plate on my dental coverage? . i had  molars removed am missing  canine teeth had  cavities treated the dentist said that medicaid would not cover the partial because they had determined my remaining teeth were not healthy enough for a partial to last  years and  day. now i am stuck with missing teeth and a difficult time chewing my food. i am currently unable to afford to purchase  partials to replace a smile and effectively chew. wtf!
where do i start if i have never exercised?
i am  weeks pregnant what are the sharp vaginal pains that make it seem like my baby is stabbing me from the inside?
drug test where to find
what are some tips for getting pregnant faster?
can you kill an uncaught hepes viruse by washing your hands? . i was walking in town today and there was a bum at the gas station very dirty and it look as though he had oral herpes. he asked for change so i gave him some plus my lighter our hands touched briefly so i went home and washed my hands. i don't want to give herpes to my fiancé so i'm a little skittish about sex now.
what are the odds of having a partial hysterectomy and then getting pregnant? . this situation was presented to me by a friend  year old woman hx of partial hysterectomy suddenly finds out she is  to  weeks pregnant but never knew. states there is a heartbeat and its a girl. next day she goes to the dr and finds out she lost the baby. there were no previous complaints of pain and or bleeding. how likely do you think this story is?
i am  and i have a question about if i have testicle cancer i have a small lump on the top of my testicle? . the lump is squishy and is like the epididymus also i am a boy
i stopped having periods at age  ( ago). i started a period  days ago. very heavy. is this normal? . this period is very painful and the blood is bright red. i have hep c w/cirohsiss (sp? ) and my platelets are usually on the low side. could this be the reason for the bright red color?
two years ago i was diagnosed with colon cancer?
if someone has been diagnoised with brain and throat cancer and refuses treatment how long does he have to live? . he has smoked mostly all his life and he drank a lot prior to . i am his daughter but the doctor wont tell me anything and he don't want me to know.
pregnant  to go and having pelvic pain or the past  days cant walk anymore what do i do
i lost too much weight. how do i stop?
can back injury make my muscles sore? . i fell on a curb yesterday and landed right on my back near where my ribs meet my spine. today i woke up and have muscle soreness throughout my entire body including my arms legs and mostly my neck. (when i try to take a puff from a cigarette my neck muscles hurt severely). are these related and should i see a doctor? i have no insurance yet.
is decaf coffee healthy during pregnancy? i've been substituting decaf for regular coffee for  months now am worried
can i get hiv by using infected towel?
what happens when glucose levels go over ? my husband's is reading . he was recently diagnosed with diabetes.
"how long do you need to be on the birth control pill for it to be effective? . does this time ""reset"" if you miss a day or how close to the same time each day must you take it?"
how can i reduce salt in my food?
i think my  year old son has chicken pox. is up to date on all his shots & hasnt been exposed. is that possible?
am i pregnant or is it side effects from my birth control. okay this is my first year on the implant nexplanon i had my period last month but haven't got it this month yet i've been having dark brown discharge and now it's light brown. my boyfriends and me had sex last month sometime but i'm on the nexplanon and we always used a condom. i look and feel bloated i felt nauseated once and the side effects from the implant will make me feel pregnant. please help pleasee.
i started getting symptoms  years ago when i turned - migraines vision problems tremors anemia memory issues joint arthritis and spur growth. before this i was a healthy construction worker who never saw the doctor. initial ana tests were quite elevated and my doctor referred me to a rheumatologist. several tests and rheumatologists later i was written off and the diagnosis was termed as fibromyalgia. now new tests reveal kidney disease- no diabetes or high blood pressure. is it possible to have lupus with symptoms but not showing in blood tests?
can reishi mushroom be used to srink fibroid tumors?
im a male but biologically a female may have avoidant personality disorder symptom?
can a late period and vaginal mucus be a sign of pregnancy? . i have always been regular with my period. my bf always withdraws before he ejaculates. is there any possibility that i could be pregnant?
what can i do to keep adult acne at bay?
i was an army medic with an emt-b license that has lapsed. what can i do in an emergency without getting into trouble? . what are the laws regarding previously licensed medical personnel when confronted with an emergency? . are we required to hold off and not provide assistance? . are we required to provide assistance? . do good samaritan laws protect us if we try to help?
started an oral birth control three months ago and developed bad acne on neck back and face. i've used peroxide and drug store creams. any home remedies that could work?
is a sugar level above  dangerous?
why would one doctor a neurologist says i have prenicious anemia associated with b- deficiency and another says no. i was getting monthly injections and now my internal medicine doctor says that i do not have it. i can't get him to test my blood for it again.  years ago i had drank alcohol before the blood test and i told the neurologist this and he said that it would not make the b- level drop as low as it was. i am tired all the time dizzy numbness and tingling in my hands and my feet i bruse if you touch me my symptoms are worse than they were  years ago.
can you get pregnant switching from depo to the pill. i was on depo for  months. i went off of it for  month then went on the pill. i had a sexual experience within the first packet of the pill is pregnancy a possibility?
who is affected by arthritis?
can i eat ghost peppers after gallbladder removal? . good morning. i am a huge fan of spicy foods and often eat ghost scorpion and carolina reaper peppers. i also like chilis and salsas spiced with pepper extracts. i found out recently that i have major gallstones and am going to have to have my gallbladder removed. after this procedure will it be safe to eat such foods? also are there any other medical concerns with large quantities of capsicum? . . thanks!
are bladder infections contagious?
could i have hiv. about three weeks ago is when i think i could have became infected about a week after i started getting a bad sore throat and itchyness all over my body now its been almost a month and the sore throat is still there i was scanned for strep but nothing andthe rashes get worse as the days go is it hiv or could it be something els? also theres white ness on my throat sides and my tongue is white with red dots on it
are certain vitamins and minerals especially important for a healthy immune system?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of dilantin?
why when i hear headphones does my breath gets loud and i have labored breathing?
how can you slow the aging process?
can i get pregnant if my tube was tie i got my period for  day
what is going to happen to those on medicare and government blue cross because of the aca?
what are good fats (unsaturated)?
i need a graph showing active humalog in the body as a percentage over time after an injection.
diffuse large b cell lymphoma – primary mediastima : abnormal non mass like circumferential mucosal hyperdensity present
"i think i may have started my period but it is a lot lighter than normal and a different color with almost no cramps. . i also think i have a uti. i have not had time to go to the drs. my ""period"" started the day after my uti and it started about a week later than last month. it is not the normal dark red(light pink/brown) it normally is and my flow is drastically lighter than normal. also on the first day of my period i usually get pretty bad cramps. this time i've barely had any. also as of today i've been feeling naseaus and i have this dull almost crampy feeling in my lower right abdomen and whole lower back."
does activated charcoal clean you urine from weed
how can i prevent heart failure from worsening?
what is the adrenal gland?
my left side testicle is hurting and pissing blood?
what causes a fever in babies?
when an iv comes out of the vein but stays in the arm can the fluids go into the lungs and around the heart? . my mom's iv came out of her vein but it was not discovered for a day or so. where do the fluids go? can they go into the lungs and around the heart and cause pneumonia to get worse?
how do i prevent going soft when i put on a condom?
i was diagnosed with restless leg syndrome i feel the urge in my legs to move and stretch them almost all the time?
having problems empty bowls seem like its trying to protruding into my vagina. the wall between rectum and vagina. i'm having problems empty my bowls ;it seem like its trying to protruding into my vagina. i can feel it trying to come out but the wall between. rectum. and. vagina. stops it. i have to insert my finger in my vagina to help push the pocket out! i know. tmi. ! it's painful and i don't even know what doctor to call. my mom had colon cancer and my dad had polyps if that helps.
what would be average weight for a  woman to lift. i work at a job that requires up to . lifting at one time. i am on lite duty due to injury. is . for my age ever going to happen. we due this numerous times a day
pregnancy from blowjob kissing licking finger then fingering. gf and i were messing around at home. we are both . today after laying around for a bit . she gave me a short blowjob. (didn't cum possibly some pre-cum) we cuddled for about  minutes then. i kissed her. for about  minutes. i started stimulating her clit and after she was wet . i licked my finger. and went to mess with it some more. she told me to stop after like  seconds of that. i never entered the vagina. she is worried she could be pregnant. what are the chances?
what can i do if i am positive i have adhd and my mom wont take me to the doctor?
if someone has uti should they use priinted toilet paper or not
can you use beast milk on a diaper rash. she has a bad rash all over.
i had a epidural for pain today in my lumbar i have started to feel worse?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of alterra?
i take steroid prednisolone for ivf/pregnancy due to auto immune issue but i have herpes  will this affect baby?
what's the difference between- urologist and- gastroenterologist with the most experience with treating kidney stones?
can somebody post some videos of masturbation so i can get a visual idea of how i should do it it would help alot
what exercise precautions should i take when developing an exercise program?
what to do for severe under eye facial burn from suntan bed. i had adult acne near my nose i was trying to clear up i was tanning every other day. i really burned the skin under eyes. it's bright pink tender & cracks/ bleeds when washing my face apply lotion. i have not been back to tan for  days but i'm still not healed up enough to be able to get makeup on return to work leave the house. what would be the best thing to apply to heal quickly? i have a prescription for topical antibiotic (clyndomyacin) &benzoyl peroxide acne it may be to drying help
do children need fluoride tablets?
can alcohol consumption cause acne?
i have not had a voice for  weeks and a sore throat and really sore neck?
would my obgyn do a dna paternity test at  weeks if i asked?
i'm having daily diarrhea (for almost  weeks now) after eating at jack in the box. is it time to see a doctor?
will numbing eye drops show up as cocaine in a drug screen?
i'm a -year-old male forced into early retirement for medical reasons. my cobra just ended at $  per month. . i am working on getting disability. in the meantime or possibly for  more years i need affordable insurance. i have no income. what should i do?
can you get chlamydia just from switching from anal sex to vaginal sex? . i have a friend who had been previously tested for any stds and was negative then after she had sex with one guy (during sex she had anal sex and then went back to vaginal sex) she had chlamydia. her doctor said that the switching from anal to vaginal could possibly give her the chlamydia. is that true? i have also been told that you can contract all sorts of things from switching and just wanted to do my own research.
i have chronic shortness of breath?
what surgery options do i have for prostatitis?
is there really any benefit to buying one product over another? what ingredients are worth looking for in a product?
i had non hodgkin lymphoma what can help me manage the pain?
can sexual problems be cured?
dark spots on inside of arm opposite the elbow. what is it? . the spots are wrinkly and originated after a trip to the beach. i thought maybe a jellyfish stung me because there was mild irritation. almost a year later the spots have multiplied and darkened. what are the possible diagnoses?
how can i use duct tape to get rid of warts?
is there a problem with taking aleve for an extended period
why are the very tips of my nipples sore? . i am not pregnant or breastfeeding nor have i ever been. i am taking the same birth control and the same amount of it that i have been for the last year. the tips of my nipples have had a burning sensation and are sensitive to touch or rub against clothes. this has been going on for a week and a few days. i have no other signs or symptoms. the breast itself does not hurt. there is no inflammation or swelling of the nipples or breasts.
i have been taking penicillin for a bad tooth and forgot. i performed oral sex on my husband and now have a sore throat. some vaginal fluid was present. can i take diflucan while taking the penicillin?
how is eczema diagnosed?
can you get sick from drinking tea that is past the expiration date? . i have some tea bags that are past the expiration date. is it still safe to use them? can i get sick from using them? . they are still in the original sealed packaging.
can oatmeal cause hemorrhoids? i for sure have them. i eat oatmeal religiously and have for years.  year old male.
i have heartburn headache and vomit
can i take a multi vitamin with adipex-p. i have been taking a multi-vitamin and b- for a while now and the dr just recently put my on adipex-p for my weight loss can i still take my vitamins?
my breast are itching like crazy and sore have milk in them havent had a period can this be a sogn of pregnancy
what are the best exercises for building and maintaining bone density?
husband and i had unprotected sex twice and twice he ejaculated next day i get my period. can i still get pregnant? . we want to have a baby but i want to know if it is possible if i could become pregnant if we had sex and the next day i get my period. my period last month began on the  so i am late two days.
 mth old sons fourth toe curls under the other toes born this way doesnt support weight on it rolls onto side of foot. fourth toe curls under the other three he will not crawl or support weight on it. i fear it will keep him from walking.
for the last two days i keep smelling bleach everywhere at odd times is this a sympton i should be concerned about? . for the last two days i keep smelling bleach everywhere at odd times even though i don't even keep bleach products in the house. i have been very stressed with a disrupted sleep cycle. is this a sympton of something i should be concerned about?
i am  almost  weeks pregnant i have developed sharp fading back pain. labor? . the baby is still active the pain level does escalate but not outside of tolerable. consistent for  minutes already the pain does not subside just fades from sharp to dull throbbing pain. there is occasional pain in my abdomen yet it is not severe or consistent enough to be contractions. i have already lost my mucous plug.
i have episodes of vertigo for about  years happens following a buzz in my head?
have scoliosis s curve. tiny and petite. dr. said if i become pregnant not to gain a lot of weight. safe to have baby?
i've been using medicated head & shoulders for seborrheic dermatitis for almost a year now. should i keep using it? . very itchy scalp with oily dandruff
i have an allergy for dust mites now pain in back of head when i cough?
sprained left ankle for a year and a half. ligament injury synovitis with effusion?
what is the treatment for plantar fasciitis?
how long in ringworm contagious? . i have been treating it now for two weeks its on my wrist the size of a quarter. i have also kept it covered with a bandage but it seems to irritate it but id like to have the air hit it but not if im still contagious.
is it possible to obtain an std from a soft penis being rubbed against your vagina?
can a girl get pregnant without having sex? . i was on a date with my girlfriend and we were making out and things got steamy. i got up to go to the restroom and to my surprise i had ejaculated in my pants. i cleaned up as much as i could: wiped with toilet paper and washed my hands thoroughly with soap and warm water. we then continued to cuddle and whatnot. then about  hours after that little episode i took her home. there was no sexual intercourse. i know this is a silly question but i'm just paranoid about her getting pregnant.
how do you treat a pulled hamstring?
getting tired of going to dr and still no answers?
infection on my both soles of my feet?
if a woman is not overweight does she still need to exercise? and if so what benefits will she gain?
i am on an antibiotic and have very bad diarrhea. i am taking a probiotic and yogurts. can i take another probiotic?
how much exercise do older adults need for health and fitness?
does a uncircumcised newborn need to have the skin pulled back when cleaning the his private. my grandson is a little over  old and is not circumcised. the mom said the doctor told her that she does not need to pull his skin back to clean it before the baby is  months old. is this true?
what are the late side effects from radiation therapy?
will quit smoking stress the baby
in feb' a grommet was inserted in my left ear due to middle ear infection. it's still not fallen out. please advise. i was told by ent doc that grommet will fall-out on its own after about  months. he has been telling me since last  months that it will soon fall out. . i am told not to swim nor put water in my ear which has the grommet. there is no pain but a different feeling sometimes. . please advise what should be done.
there is bright red blood from my anus when i have bowel movement and when urinating?
what surgery options do i have for osteoporosis?
what's the purpose of osteoporosis treatment to increase bone density?
just had cast removed from broken ankle. more ankle/leg/ foot pain that before. any exercises without going to pt?
hi i have a  year old son that has a lump in his armpit could this be lymphoma?
what is bipolar disorder in children and teens?
my boyfriends niece and nephew are albinos will he be a carrier for the gene?
can i diagnose my own yeast infection?
if i'm using the correct acne treatment (for me) should i still be having breakouts about every other week? . i'm wondering if i should go to a dermatologist or if something over the counter will work for my breakouts. my products i've been using for several months seem to clear my skin up for about a week then i'll be all broken out and covered in pimples the following week. i'm really just wondering if i need a different product or if this every other week breakout is normal and expected. thanks
im trying to lose weight. what kind of exercise should i start off with? how long do i do them until i up my regimen?
i had dengue fever feel numbness losing my vision broke into cold sweat?
my skin is irritated after i treated a flea infestation in my hair with kerosene. how can i reduce skin irritation?
plan b contreceptive? . foolishly had unprotected sex but only preejaculate was involved ( days before period). plan b was taken within  hours light three day period arrived in  days as expected normally. two pregnancy tests taken in two weeks both negative. also ovulation discharge was on track. what are my chances of pregnancy and if not how should i expect my next period to be like (expected in the next  days)?
what are bacteria?
i have a rash on my lower legs just above ankles-no pain and no itching. is this a circulation problem or what?
what should i know about getting pregnant after a cone biopsy?
what is the shelf life of viagra cialis or levitra?
im having multiple problems after having my neck fusion of   ?
can i give my daughter (she weights  pounds ) bromfed dm syrup along with ibuprofen?
is it safe to take one  tylenol  hours after a glass of wine?
i had accident whiplash pain in shoulder and collar bone?
 years old have had chest pain for about a year now
in egg consuption how many a day is too many? . my dad is  and eats at least  eggs a week. he has heart disease (fh %) diabetes high cholesterol high bp lung problems among others. he's on lipitor plavix  bp pills morbic antivert buspar nexium albuterol inhaler. . his stomach is bad and most foods make it hurt but eggs don't. i know this is too many so what about egg whites?
if someone is exposed to someone with shingles can that person become a carrier of the shingles virus? . my father has recently been exposed to someone that has been diagnosed with having shingles. since i have had shingles once already i would like to know if i should stay away from him if he is a carrier of the virus. if he is a carrier how long should i stay away from him?
"can a rash ""come and go"" after having shingles and it spread from face to neck chest to genitals in ""speckled"" form? . the red dry flaky ""spots "" literally cover my scalp are sparse on my face cover my neck beard and chest largely and then speckle down the center of my stomach until it reaches a large area again at my genitals. i have random red spots all over as well that are dry and flaky. i thought psoriasis or something similar but narrowed it down to developing small at first until spreading as much as it has only after having shingles at age   now. any information on what i should do"
i hit my head and now it is really swollen. i hit my head fairly hard several days ago. it was right on the top. it is now swollen and skin feels taught. pain going down my neck on right side. pain in neck is lumpy and feels like ingrown zits feel. very painful. head swelling has gotten worse since yesterdayi need to know if there is a chance of internal damage and who i should see about it.
is it ok to have a tb skin test while pregnant?
what is non viral hepatitis
i am pregnant but my doctor says i am not?
is there a way to medically increase the size of my penis?
how and where do you normally give injectable coumadin?
can you get a yeast infection if you don't have a vagina. i'm on a antibiotic for a sinus infection
my son was bitten by a spider and now it is red and swollen but doesn't hurt him. what should i do? . the swolleness is the size of an orange but does not hurt him. he doesn't have hives or fever. should i take him to see his pediatrician?
in egg consuption how many a day is too many? . my dad is  and eats at least  eggs a week. he has heart disease (fh %) diabetes high cholesterol high bp lung problems among others. he's on lipitor plavix  bp pills morbic antivert buspar nexium albuterol inhaler. . his stomach is bad and most foods make it hurt but eggs don't. i know this is too many so what about egg whites?
i cannot afford any premiums for health insurance. my budget is overtaxed now. . i would have to give up housing utilities food. what can someone like me do? i cannot seek medical attention now.
do i need to see a doctor before starting a weight loss program?
how should i treat the nail bed when a toenail falls off? . i jammed my big toe into a door and it turn black and blue almost immediately. now it's four months later and it appears that nail is about to fall off. it there something i should do in the way of treating the nail bed when the nail separates? ointments salves etc.?
is it ok to take decongestants at bedtime? . i have a generic non-drowsy nasal decongestant from cvs and my husband is convinced it kept him awake when he took it with cold symptoms. i don't think its supposed to act as a stimulant is it?
biotin & digestion. after stumbling upon an article in my health textbook i found that biotin is actually essential to digestion & also produced in the colon! i thought the biotin was what was causing my digestive issues (being constipated after the morning 'go). how is this possibl? . omy doc says i could have irritable bowel because my mother has it. i am . don't want to ask my dr. cause i want a second opinion on this.
does hydrogen peroxide have an expiration date?
what is the best thing for itchy skin?
i started having a burning uncomfortable pain in my right flank area?
i'm feel a constant desire to urinate no fever no pain and no burning or discomfort. what could be happening? . no fever no pain and no discomfort just the sensation that i'm holding it
are weight-bearing exercises aerobic?
if your employer offers health insurance do you have to take it or can you choose insurance under the aca?
i am on the birth control seasonique i should have started today but i didn't. is it to early to take a prenancy test. i really need to know as soon as possible if i am or not. but because of my birth control i only get my period every three months and i didn't start today like i should have. i have a lot of medical problems and really need to find out if im pregnant or not because i dont want to harm the baby if i am. i just don't know how soon i should take the test and get the correct results. please help!
is expired liquid prednisone safe to use?
what ingredients should you avoid in your makeup if you have sensitive skin?
can i get pregnant if i am not ovulating?
can someone help shed some light w/ my eeg results? i can't see neuro until jan. scared. help please! . can anyone help explain eeg impression? . not looking for a diagnosis by random ppl on the internet obviously i will leave that up to my neuro. i just want to know wth i'm reading. i can send impression results via email. i am desperate. i was already diagnose with epilepsy in  and afraid it may be a drug resistant epilepsy judging by findings and google searched. help! i can't believe neuro can't ease my mind just a tad by talking over the phone.
are certain skin types (ethnicity) more likely to scar or have bad reactions to treatments like peels and laser?
how is a hernia repaired?
can i take too many antacids? what are the consequences?
what causes childhood obesity?
i am  laid off out of unemployment and going to school with help from my parents. . i can't afford to buy health insurance with no income. will i have to pay a fine i can't pay either?
what are the causes of transient ischemic attack or tia?
any ideas on whats causing my knee replacement to hurt so bad read below. i am  months recovering from knee replacement and my knee is worse now than before surgery. it buckles very unstable shooting pains swelling the more i stay on it worse it gets its is a zimmer flex lps gender specific any ideas. i have currently made a second opinion appointment as my current doctor says xrays are fine and he does  to  a year and i should take all my records and go see someone else so any imput will help
could i possibly be pregnant? . last period may . unprotected sex on june . supposed to start june  still haven't. if you think i'm pregnant when should i take a test? . side notes:. -feel as if i start but don't. . -i was throwing up at  am on saturday the  i was nauseous the rest of the day. . -pain and cramps in various places on my stomach at random times. -the guy i had sex with says he only has a % chance of getting someone pregnant. -i have been tired lately i also have been having light heartburn i think.
would a tanning bed help my psoriasis
am i pregnant. i have not had my period since november and when i take a pregnancy test it comes back negative but i have all the symptoms
are generic versions of drugs really just as good (and safe) as their brand-name counterparts?
disturbing persistent flatulence after a meal dissaper when i take activated carbon. what does this mean? . i'm  male. started experiencing abnormal flatulence after each meal. should i take activated carbon before a meal no flatulence arise. does this imply it's not a virus that causes fluctuations? what might be the issue then?
do cardiac rehabilitation programs address sex?
can't i just use a hot towel and a blue led flashlight?
can hydro condone cause a false positive for morphine?
my son has had a swollen lymph node in his neck
what can you take if you have anemia. i don't want to take iron pills because they make me eat and i don't want to gain all that weight back. i use to weigh  lbs. so i want to know what kind of food or fruit can i eat without getting acid reflux.
i have yellow bumps in my throat?
at  i have to choose between a mechanical valve or tissue (which requires coumadin). which is a better option?
are people with schizophrenia violent?
should i hold off on weight training until i lose weight?
sharp stabbing pain upper right abdomen with swollen hard stomach?
what if you have health insurance through your employer but the cost of covering your spouse/dependents is too great? . will they be eligible for subsidies?
how often do you need to be tested for t. b. when working in a hospital?
what are the long-term consequences of lactose intolerance?
blood sugar over  kidneys shutting down body temp off the chart had flu like symptoms what could this be
what are some tips for getting pregnant faster?
stomach ache for the past week? . for the past week i've been waking up to an upset stomach. it isn't a nauseous or i'm going to throw up upset stomach just achy then turns to hunger pains and goes away when i eat something. i'm on birth control and my boyfriend and i always use a condom and my period came at the expected day and lasted the normal amount of days. what could be causing the upset stomach?
had sex the condom got stuck inside of me. not knowing this to be safe i took plan b then it fell out the day after. came in contact with the sperm the day after i took plan b will i still prevent pregnancy?
when switching birth control how long to wait to have unprotected intercourse. i switched my birth control pill  weeks ago. i was on oratho tri lo for almost  years and  weeks ago switched to junel . how long do condoms have to be used during this switch time?
unwell for about  days sore throat cough pain under right rib spots on hands and feet?
my  week scan showed everything is o. k but radiologist suggested there is caudal regression syndrome?
i have stomach issues since july with no relief i now have fever and diarrhea?
what are the symptoms of gerd?
my hair falls out a lot but only when i comb or brush it. why is this and what can i do to stop it?
i have strange little bumps on my arm and chest the chest itches and there are tiny bumps with yellow in them? help? . i've never had this before it started  nights ago and has gotten worst
what is arthritis?
how can i make sure that i am not taking too many medications?
i did a minor surgery for stye (eye) while on accutane. is it ok to do this type of surgery while on accutane? . accutane (isotretinoin)
what are five steps to bone health?
what is the best brithcontrol out there
how can i discuss incontinence with my doctor or other health care professional?
i stop taking the depo shot three months ago i've been having unprotected sex can i still get pregnant?
what is propranolol for?
what happens when medical insurance changes half way through pregnany? . we live in connecticut and had cigna through my husbands employer. now effective january   they are switching to aetna. what happens with my coverage? i am  months pregnant. does it switch over to aetna or do i remain under cigna until my child is born?
i had surgery very high fever – rushed back to hospital feel like im being poisoned?
i am a male with genital herpes and a girl gives me oral sex and i don't ejaculate will she get oral or genital herpes
i had the implanon removed five months ago an i still can't get pregnant. what should i do to help me. i had implanon for  an now had it out for  months. i got a bleed right after that lasted  days then went to a  day cycle. but for the last  months i've been a couple of days late. so i thought i was pregnant then i start. is there something i could do to help? or does it always take a long time for women to get pregnant after implanon?
i am a  year old man and get red eyes every day?
when still i have a feeling of leaking urine though i stay dry. feel like i need to hold it in but never actually pee. even when i relax to test my bladder i don't actually unrinate. if i'm occupied with other things the feeling goes away but once i sit or stand for a while it returns. doesn't matter if i've just gone to the bathroom or it's been a while same feeling.
is smoking cigarettes less harmful to your lungs than smoking marijuana?
how to manage large kidney stones that can't be passed on its own while being  weeks pregnant and not harm the baby. stones are roughly - mm in size. recurrent episodes of pain over the past - weeks. should i stent? how safe are the pain meds (percocet and dilaudid) for the baby.
what can i do to control my asthma when i exercise?
why would a woman who has just had a baby need more water?
y do it hurt wen i pee
what are the symptoms of pneumonia?
can i purchase health insurance from a private insurance company? . my job offers health insurance but i cancelled it earlier this year because it was too costly. now i am uninsured.
can i travel by air during pregnancy?
what is carbon monoxide poisoning?
sharp pain lower abdomen
can hsv come from someone who has hpv? . i am certain i have the hpv virus. a previous partner from several years ago had told me she had cervical cancer about  years before we got together. i am now in a monogamous marriage and my wife's doctor told her she has hsv. did she get that from my probable hpv infection?
multiple nodules now larger and hypoectoic?
i was diagnosed with chondromalacia patella the pain in both of knees is getting worse?
how long after receiving antibiotic eye drops is one still contagious?
what's the shelf life of a typical moisturizer?
i have a fever. can i take tylenol if i'm taking buspar and ritalin?
should i watch tv in bed if i have insomnia?
does the new healthcare cover dental visits and the high cost of dentistry?
nurse suffered lancet cut after lancet used on hiv patient.
does capsaicin cream have aspirin in it? . doctor says no creams with aspirin in them? friend mentioned capsaicin cream.
my  year old daughter has tricuspid valve regurgitation nausea getting worse?
how can i prevent gallstones?
can weight gain supplements be harmful to teenage boys. my son is  & started lifting last year. he wants to buy weight gain supplements & claims they're all natural. i am against this because he is not done with growing & don't feel it will be safe in long run. please give advice. ty
how does smoking affect my skin?
will low carb and low sugar diet increase a reaction to alcohol? . i get a migraine and nausea after consuming only one beer wine or vodka. i limit carbs to a no-sugar whole grain cereal in the morning and don't eat any foods containing sugar. i've tried having lots of water with the alcohol. i would like to have one or two drinks but the side effects aren't allowing. is my diet to blame? i weigh  lbs.
do i need to exercise to benefit from vitamin c
i have terrible bone pain and muscle spasms is it due to celiac disease or other condition?
my wife is pregnant for  months now but she doesn't wanna have sex with me what should i do? cheat or wait? . she keeps making excuses and say im not in the mood of sex im tired and more. what should i do?
ive been getting heavy periods tiredness my whole body is tender migraines?
how to cure my father's severe cold and cough?
afraid i may have colon cancer? . hello to start off i would like to say that i have an appointment scheduled for next monday with my gd. last month i was constipated for about  weeks. during them i developed hemorrhoid-like symptoms (bleeding itching etc. ) but once i was having normal bowel movements and the pain was receding the bleeding continued. it's been a month and the bleeding is still here. it burns slightly at my rectum when i have a movement and this morning i had diarrhea and am nauseous but there was no blood
my mother-in-law is enrolled in medicare and an aarp supplemental. . does she need to do anything to continue this coverage in ?
how early can you tell gender? . using a  ultrasound how early can you tell the gender of your baby? can you tell at  weeks along?
i have had a pain in my lower left quadrant of my stomach?
what are the causes of colon cancer?
my daughter-in-law is three months pregnant and has sinus drainage and her ears hurt. what can she can do for relief?
what is the importance of blood sugar control if i am diabetic and thinking of becoming pregnant or pregnant?
my breasts grow/shrink by  cup sizes every few months. not period related pregnant or weight gain. ultrasound normal. i am  and this has been happening sense i was . i have not been on birth control for  years. i am not pregnant. the times they grown/shrink are random and don't appear to be related to my period at all. my primary care doctor is baffled and can't figure this out. i had an ultrasound that came back normal so they won't do a mammogram. i gave blood to test my hormones and they came back normal. while they grow/shrink they are sore and painful to the touch. what is wrong with me?
i have developed a tremor in my left hand concerned that this is a progression of something that went not diagnosed?
what does genital herpes look like?
i have been having anxiety attacks trouble sleeping weepyness severe agitation lack of motivation to do anything. i am wondering which of these is the most urgent to get my dr to help me with. are these signs of depression or something else?
vaginal discharge and herpes-is there a vaginal cream available? . how does the health care provider determine if a vaginal discharge is from the herpes virus? how many days should i expect to have a discharge? does the discharge have an odor/color? what treatment is available for this type of discharge?
what can i do for an open sore on the tip of my tongue that i bit hard
how to remove sexual intercourse?
admitted to hospital with recurring stomach pains would it warrant staying off work?
is it safe to brush my teeth with baking soda every day? how does baking soda effect tooth enamel?
my post-surgical fear is so bad that it can cause me to spike a fever which has canceled surgery in . how to avoid? . i had a tka (knee) in . the anesthesiologist made the whole experience anxiety free from his demeanor to the medication he gave me pre-op. in  i had a hysterectomy scheduled but the manner in which pre-op was carried out made pre-surgery anxiety so bad it caused me to spike a fever of  which canceled the surgery. the anesthesiologist and numerous nurses in the room sent me over the top with anxiety. how can i control this so i can get through my surgery?
my body is really itching itchy pimples around my body what should i do take what is this tried anti histamines but uh. i cant take it anymore <negative_smiley> i don't know whats happening all my body is itching me and especially those pimples or zits is it allergy because i tried anti histamines and stopped eating food i might be allergic to but still itching
how long does the pill stay in your body?
i have excessive vaginal discharge white and thick and odor is bad getting worse?
is it safe to have sexual intercourse if you have an inguinal hernia?
elevated wbc .  with left shift but no obvious infection ua neg cxr neg. any ideas
i need a root canal which i cannot afford. would pulling the tooth and getting a bridge later be an option?
can you get pregnant a day after your ovulation. because me and my boyfriend been trying for two months.
i had unprotected sex but my bf didnt cum inside the next day i got my period can i get pg?
my son has eye discharge so sticky cannot open his eyes?
 week old vomiting from mouth and nose but scan doesnt show piloric stenosis?
can a person with tonsilitis play in snow?
what can i do to get to sleep?
my son signed up for health insurance by phone yesterday. . they said it would not cost him anything because he has medicaid and receives food stamps. he forgot to ask what the co-pay was and also if dental is included. he is . can you tell me this?
i have had a left knee replacement using the zimmer flex lps and i have had nothing but pain in the knee and outside . the ortho said there is nothing wrong when he looked at my xray and said i should go for a second opinion. this replacement was done  ago dec . when going to the site for the brand of knee it has numerous issues posted by other patients. any other input would be appreciated.
okay so i am  and i want to grow about  more inches if i smoke hookah once or twice will i grow to my goal height!
i was told that i need a biopsy in my left breast but i have no palpable masses?
i have a small white spot on my left tonsil. and also my throat is inflamed. but i don't hve sore throat. i feel like something is stuck in my throat but it's not paining or nythn. i am not feeling any pain just this visible things
im extremely exhausted i have bone pain in my legs. fast heart beat?
during weight gain does a persons skin streach or does it grow to accomodate the extra fat? . i am curious to know if a persons weight gain causes the skin to grow or to stretch. i am already aware that rapid weight gain can cause the skin the tear leaving stretch marks. i am asking more in regards to morbidly obese people that weigh around - pounds. i am curious to know if the skin actually can stretch that much or if the adult body is forced to grow the skin as it stretches.
can you get a hernia from sex. im having moderate constant stabbing pain in my lower abdomen area its been going on for  days. i cant bend over or stand up without having tears come to my eyes. when i lay in bed the pain doesnt go away. is this a informal hernia?
fishy smelling penis. ever since i started having sex with my current gf i notice a really bad smell from my penis. there is no rash or sores or anything so i don't think it's an std but what could it be? how can i get rid of it?
could i still be pregnant? what are the chances? . even though i had a period and a test said no i still feel like there is still a chance i might be. my period was  days late but only  days long the first day it was clotty the next two days was barely any blood. the smell of lunch meat been making me nauseated but i never actually get sick i feel crappy all the time i get lower back pains and sometime stomach pains.
how can i manage varicose veins during pregnancy?
what is hyperthyroidism?
can one side of your face hurt from sinus infection?
what is your professional opinion on meal supplement bars?
what could be the cause of low low hemoglobin?
i have health insurance because i am the spouse of a deceased military veteran. however my son who is not the son of my deceased spouse has no health insurance. is it possible to get health insurance just for him without me have to pay for myself and one child?
what are some exercises that i can do that will not put strain on my feet?
quit smoking  days ago. relapsed today. smoking a half of a cigarette. will i go through physical withdrawal again?
i have pcos im  ive had it for a  years now but i havent gotten any treatment what happens if i continue like this? . im  out of the symptoms i have oily skin acne cysts on the ovaries and obese and i havent been to the doctor since she told me i have it so im not sure of what how bad it is and i havent gotten any treatment and i just want to know what will happen if i continue like this?
can you get sti's from oral sex? . is oral sex safe? how great is the risk of getting a sti from oral sex?
will taking sysron ncr prevent pregnancy?
can a woman in her 'sdevelop an irregular period? . and is a  day cycle normal for this woman?
i am  i was on depo for  ys and never had a period i went off the shot and now its been a yr and still no period. can i still get pregnant? i have no insurance so havent had any blood work to see if i am done with birth control.
can using metronidazole gel close to my period affect when my period arrives? i am one week late. i used metronidazole vaginal gel the week my period was supposed to start. i have look online for answers but now i am worried since it has been a little over a week late to start. can this obstruct when my perod arrives?
what are pain relievers/fever reducers?
mild discomfort and then mild pain in belly button region when i press that region?
i'm taking  of lisinopril for my blood pressure but its not going down what can i do too lower my blood pressure
can rotateq be given with other vaccines?
what are the symptoms of type  diabetes children living with the disease?
i m thin small height i m  yrs old bt look  year wgt is  kg found hard  do sex and i wnt  get preg wht shuld ido. i m thin small looking with small height but i m  yrs old but look like  year my weight is also  kg i found hard to do sex and i want to get pregnant what should i do. i feel shy to consult doctor because of my body and height.
is it immunoglobulin - related disease (-rd) or pancreatitis?
what if i lose my medicare? do i get a plan that pays the % that's left?
i have health insurance through my employer. . if the insurance doesn't meet the  requirements of the insurance offered on the exchange will i be required to purchase other insurance or will it be up to my employer to make changes?
over the past  months i feel like doing nothing no energy no drive i also feel down?
my wife is not pregnant but she is producing milk from her left breast?
is vertigo an allergy symptom. i have had a cold and laryngitis several times since january. also i am ending my   day bought of vertigo in the same time period although i am sneezing and coughing a bit also.
i just suffered intense and unbearable period cramps a massive lump fell out?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of ativan?
i experienced a tia after giving birth. ive been on aspirin therapy but am  weeks pregnant. should i stop taking it? . it was recommended not to have any further pregnancies due to the increase in hormone levels and the higher likelihood of clot formation. is it healthy for the developing fetus/placenta growth to be on aspirin? my cholesterol was high at the time of my stroke but it is now much lower and i exercise on a regular basis. i have been very healthy following the stroke and have suffered no lasting effects from it.
hello im  and healthy i have experienced an accidental diphenhydramine overdose about  weeks ago and i feel drunk. i feel as if i'm not myself or if i was still under the influence of the drug i. feel sleepy and dreamy
i am ill for two years with gastro issues sweating weight loss thick phlegm?
arthritis on its own or arthritis as a result of an inflammatory bowel disease? . i was diagnosed with arthritis when i was twelve. i am now nineteen and am seeing a doctor this summer because i have developed symptoms of an inflammatory bowel disease. i know that arthritis can develop as a symptom of inflammatory bowel diseases. how do i know if i have arthritis and an inflammatory bowel disease or if i just have arthritis as a symptom of an inflammatory bowel disease? is there a distinction between the two in treatments?
hey there sometimes at random times my testicle will rotate  to where the epididymis is facing out instead of down. both testicles do it but at different times. what could be causing this? and is it bad? also i've been having a dull pain and burning sensation in my right testicle now for about  days. could it be serious?
can you get pregnant if he fingers you through your leggings with cum maybe on his hand?
it has been wierd because idk my cycle and since changes are coming it can easily confuse me and could stress cause. could stress cuase me to think i am pregnant. because i could be ovulating. but i feel strange although i havent had sexual contact. with the boy we jus dry humped with underwear on i'm not sure if this could cause pregnancy or is this normal hormonal changes becuase i am  now
is it possible to catch hepatitis from kissing?
bf said he had dishcharge from his penis and a slight burning sensation. these symptoms stoped after  week. what is it? . we've both have had sex with multiple people. i've had a few symptoms myself (vaginal odor frequent need to urinate itching/burning) but i always thought it was a simple uti. i'm concerned because he claimed his symptoms have stopped but he has had a fever and a sore throat. could this be an std? could this be something else? i've told him to seek medical attention (i have an appointment scheduled next week) but he refuses to listen to me.
"hiv concerns! . show more. "">i've had unprotected sex and even though he claimed he was clean i am still so worried. lately i've had diarrhea and my nails are turned half white half pink. but they've really always been like this because i've bitten them all my life. i went to the doctors today and they said it was nothing to worry about and pricked my finger and said that my hemoglobin was high but due to dehydration probably. i am taking creatine and not consuming enough water which is probably why. anything?"
i have been noticing my skin looking a little dry even wrinkled. i am . is there is something i need for my skin?
if i have alot of anger stress and emotional baggage what is the best sport i could exercise or learn to help me vent?
the right side of my jaw will make a popping sound with a clicking sensation when i chew or open my mouth wide. why? . it used to only happen when i was laying down. this has been occuring over the last  months. its only on the right side and its not painful but is concerning me alot as it's happening more frequently. it almost feels like something is popping in and out of place. help?
does gallstones make you tired?
period on july  and sex on july  than light spotty period the following week for  but spotted again the  da. well also the doc said i have a corpus leteum and i could be pregnant also i'm supposed to be on my period now and i'm just spotting light pink and brown i need to know.
what are these fluid filled lumps around my anus? . i had anal sex with my boyfriend a week ago (both sexually clean as checked by doctor and no other sexual partners) & the other day above my anus in the crack started itching & the day after i developed a cluster of pus like fluid filled small lumps above my anus and in the crack. these are itchy & painful <negative_smiley> im freaking out because all the research i have done say its genital herpes. is there anything else this could be? i used a lot a massage oil as lube also. any information would be great.
is it safe to take hydroco / and.  xanax? . i was in an auto accident and broke my ankle/foot wrist and had internal abdomonal injuries and was prescribed hydroco / for pain. i also suffer from anxiety and panic attacks and have been taking.  mg of alprazolam per day. are these two medications safe to take at the same time? i take  hydroco / tablet every - hours for pain and take.  alprazolam per day.
what are the treatments for a hernia?
how do i lower my hemoglobin  (). its .  im not a diabetic. im a  years old female
will cipro help with sinus infection and respitory
severe eye pain in the eyeball. eye doctors can not find anything. sharp pain jerks me back?
i have hearing problems sometimes sounds are too loud sometimes too quiet.
what dr should i see if regular dr cant control viral syndromes. it is really delibatating and i cant miss work.
can uterus polyps contribute to repeated bacterial vaginosis? . i went through a period of repeated occurences of bv whcih followed by a yeast infection resulting from the use of the antibiotics for the bv. a month ago i had a proceudre done to remove uterus polyps. could the presence of the polyps in my uterus be the reason why i had the frequent occurences of bv? . i am  years old
if you have sex on a day when you're not fertile and he cums inside you can you get pregnant?
what causes shingles?
can't get proper medical care. help! . husband having debilitation shoulder pain x-rays show nothing. just diagnosed with osteoperosis. the reason for test was mutiple fractured ribs they did not see on x-rays found those on mri. he's  has spinal stenosis degenerative disc disease. doc will not order mri for shoulder cause nothing on x-ray. we reminded doc they had to do mri to find rib fractures. doc told him if pain gets worse go to er; er said he needed to see doc. wtf! what specialist do we tell the doc to refer him too?
my income is zero. can i be fined for not buying health insurance if i don't file income tax?
why would someone with high blood pressure have their blood pressure get dangerously low? . i have had high blood pressure for  years. suddenly my blood pressure is running extremely low. also started having pvcs.
are bananas harmful for person with hepatitis a? . can you answer this please
can you drink alcohol while you are on a zpac? (azithromycin)
when treated do thrush symptoms get worse before they get better?
my wife has stomach pain nausea blurred vision muscle pain and feels like she is dying?
how can i relieve osteoarthritis pain?
what are the risks in circumcision?
is it possible to have a false negative blood test for celiac disease?
i am ballet dancer have slightly fractured ankle should i have surgery?
i started having a burning uncomfortable pain in my right flank area?
my boyfriend had a uti a few months ago and now has no sexual drive. what could be causing this? . he used to be very sexual as in masturbating several times and still coming home to have sex  or  times daily. now he doesn't masturbate and sex is maybe  or  twice a week.
eye doc say i have glacoma then progressive myopia but it keeps getting worse?
pregnancy scare from pre-cum day after period ended. unprotected sex with girlfriend. should we consider plan b? . my girlfriend and i had unprotected sex the day after her period ended. before i had ejaculated about  minutes prior to our fornication. i urinated before the unprotected sex but am still worried about the pregnancy roaks associated with pre cum. should we consider plan b?
how can i prevent my teeth from ripping the tissue under my tongue at night? i have bruxism and wear guards.
my  yr old daughter has been extremely fatigued for  days now she is usually very energetic even sick any causes? . she has been not feeling well since tuesday june   he stmach is queasy but she is really lethargic and this is way out of her normal behavior. doctor diagnosed her fatigued with no reason and did not perform any tests.
can amoxicillin turn a tongue black?
why do i feel so down when someone makes fun of my dyslexia?
what does it look like when ringworm is diagnosed?
new vein formation under penis head. i frequently clamp my penis at the base as a form of exercise and recently the clamp was a little too hard. the next day i developed a vein like formation below the head and around the shaft more prominent around the sides. there is very slight discomfort but no pain. it has now been  days but the bump still persists. what can this be? it it some kind of lymph fluid build up and do i need to be alarmed?
will a penial implant help my situation? . i have been diagnosed with ed for the past  years. i have tried pills which worked for a short time but nothing to write home about. . i was wondering if i should consider penial implants would help me and my wife happy as a more permenant solution. i have some medical issues that have attributed to my ed. i have type  diabetes high blood pressure high cholesterol depression and ckd. all of which i am being treated for. . what should i know before going foward with htis?
what is the prognosis for a patient with colitis?
when i shower i break out in red bumps across my chest abdomen shoulders and back?
we have free health insurance based on our income. i am confused about what i will do for insurance now. i make minimum wage. what will i do to get coverage for me and my family of three now? do i need to apply under the exchange? i can hardly afford the basic needs of my family and have to depend on government welfare like food stamps and free lunch for my child. what can i do to keep health insurance like what we have? we have united healthcare community plan tenncare medicaid benefit from tennessee. i am very worried and confused about the new law. where can i get clear information and help?
how is a migraine with aura diagnosed?
i am disabled and insured by my husband's health care through his employer. medicare is my secondary insurance. . will i be dropped from my husband's health care because of obamacare?
what are some easy excersises to do at work? . i work in a call center. i am in desperate need for some light activity through out the day. i try to get out and walk on my breaks but is there anything i can do at my desk to not only keep me active but to keep me awake as well?
what if my baby doesn't burp?
"how to treat shingles at age  with no health insurace? . im tired of having to take ""benadryl"" everyday and other allergy medications. i thought shingles popped up on older people not younger people. it drives me crazy to have these welts or ""hives"" that you doctors call it all over my body. this started up about a year ago and there's not been a single day that's gone by since then that i haven't had to have a allergy pill or other med. to calm the swelling and itching down and away."
can feel continuous buzzing/pulsing sensation in groin. unlike previous question i am in my 's and not pregnant.
just had  root canals at the dentist now i have lots of pain?
what is hepatitis c?
does ambien cause weight gain
what can cause hot flashes in a  year old female? . i have been having hot flashes since i was . no one has been able to tell me why. what are some things that can cause these hot flashes?
possible  degree burn. what do i do? . i got aburn on my right hand on the bottom of my index finger on the side closer to the thumb. it is only about  long. i got the burn on red hot metal of oven. the skin has turned white and has brown spots on it. no blister has formed its pretty much flat and it doesnt hurt a lot although there is a little stinging. i applied ice aloe washed it off used alcohol to clean it and then polysporin on top and bandaged it. is the burn third degree? should i go to the doctor? i'm a young adult.
i'm  and i've missed a period. is that normal? . my period is usually irregular--once in  grade i missed it for  months. i'll be  next week and i've missed my period this month. the first week of april i did a lot of work/exercise that i don't usually do but i haven't done it since then. also about three weeks ago i completely cut caffeine from my diet cold-turkey. also i'm a virgin. i've never done anything sexual.
could my period cause the feelings of depression and anxiety that i get at that time each month?
can exercise help relieve some of the symptoms of pms?
i have sinus problems even when i get a cold my nose always remain dry?
i have yellow bumps in my throat?
can i ski with a torn achilles tendon? i have a chronic tear not rupture if i wear a lift and brace?
body temp of  - what action to take for a  year old?
hello there is a small white bulge under my foreskin where it connects to the penile shaft. should i be worried? . the white bulge is located where the foreskin connects to the penile shaft directly under the head of the penis. additionally the bulge appears to be located a the end of where two purple veins connect. it is soft to the touch and around - in diameter. there is no pain or itchiness associated with the bulge. i should also note that it is not smegma as the white coloring is faint and appears to be under the foreskin and does not come off when washed.
workout gloves causing rash on both wrists. want best treatment for wrists and gloves. . have tried various solutions on gloves rash comes back.
i have some hip pain  weeks. had mra image recently would welcome second opinion?
what is prednisolone used for?
what medications and treatments are available to treat genital herpes?
besides taking synvisc what other treatments are available for osteoarthritis?
feel bloated tired and my uterus hurts when i walk. and i haven't had my period for two months. could i be pregnant? . earlier this month i got a pelvic and ultrasound but they found nothing. then they told me that they would schedule a appointment six weeks out. it's been over two weeks since and still no period. how could i have normal periods then just no periods for two months. and too i took depo shots for two years then stopped. but i found out over three months ago taking multivitamins could help me conceive. so i tired taking multivitamins then right after my period in december . no more periods?
what are some warning signs for pregnant women when they are exercising?
i want to know if the flu-like symptoms i'm experiencing are from the valacyclovir i was prescribed. i was prescribed valacyclovir for treatment of . i had been taking  twice daily for  days. on day  i went on a  mile run. i noticed that my lymph nodes in my neck were somewhat swollen and tender. after sleeping for  hours i woke with flu symptoms. tight neck headache congestion nausea fever chills etc. i read online that these symptoms are also common side effects of the valacyclovir. is it likely that the medication in combination with the run just brought on an actual flu?
if using viagra or cialis does the erection remain after orgasm?
my son has syndrome aicardi–goutières
what foods should be avoided when taking coumadin (warfarin)?
how can i avoid food poisoning caused by listeria bacteria?
what can i do to help prevent or treat osteoporosis?
how is an epidural steroid injection performed?
 year old female with ms iron deficiency anemia. what health problems may occur? . she is now sleeping later than normal-falls asleep all the time(even when in the middle of a conversation or on her electronic scooter)snippy-agitated-pulse rate -forgetting things she has just done or talked about-weaker. she does not walk she uses a wheel chair and/or scooter she is  lbs. she does not exercise. i am very concerned about what health problems may occur for lifelong/life threatening. how can i get more ferrous in her diet?
"why couldn't i talk while having a migraine? is that an aura too? . i thought i might've even had a stroke because i had numbness in my left fingertips and i was throwing up but i heard of an aura and i think it might be that. i wasn't able to physically make out words but i was completely ""there""."
what are the best vitamins to take when you have a cold and how much. i have had a cold for  days. what are the best vitamins to take to help me threw this and boost my immune system and how much should i take?
i am  (female) and have not excercised in years. is it too late to start and also see results? . is there such a thing as toning flabby areas at my age?
what if i'm dropped from my health insurance in january ? am i out of luck until ?
when you have a yeast infection for relief can you use miconazole nitrate cream (%) and vagisil maximum strength? . i have a lot of itching and burning and took the miconazole  day treatment and i was curious if i can use the cream that came with it and vagisil if the itching doesn't decrease
why is my nipples and feet are itchy? . hi lately my nipples and feet have been itchy also my nipples been tingling too. this is the first time i ever experienced this. about  weeks ago i had unprotected sex and just to be safe i got a std/sti test and they all came back clear. so i don't really know what's happening the itching is getting annoying. thanks in advance.
if you take ibuprofen red bull benadryl and vitamins can it cause false positive on a drug test
when i have an orgasm not much comes out. it started when i began taking imipramine for anxiety. is this normal.
i have untreated gonorrrhea its now over  years. i have become frail but my weight has not change. in ignorance i left this untreated.
what causes silent migraines?
why do people need a chickenpox vaccine?
does isoniazid affect the good bacteria in digestive system. what are some side effects?
what is the difference between shingles and herpes the sexually trasmitted disease?
is it ok to give a -month-old corn syrup for constipation?
it is possible for a pinched nerve in the shoulder to have symptoms similar to a heart attack? . i went to the er with what i thought was a heart attack (chest pain and numbness in the left arm). after two days of tests i was told by a cardiologist and a neuologist that i had a pinched nerve in my neck. i cannot find any relationship for the two. is this diagnosis correct? i have since switched cardiologist. i go every six months for a check up and annually for a nuclear stress test. so far all is good.
can you smoke while using nicoderm patches
following skin firming treatment i got very large bulges on my lower face. is this normal?
weekly recipes. hi. i am a veryyyy picky eater. i dont' like any green vegetables but cucumbers and lettuce and i like carrots and sutff like that and pretty much any fruit except kiwi's and strawberries. i like chicken and hamburger and bacon. . . . i am looking for some recipes i can cook that' isn't going to cost a whole lot extra then what i spend now and that will fill me up. . . . . breakfast lunch and dinner recipes are welcome <positive_smiley> thanks in advance
is it normal for my  old scrotum to look as if it's shrinking not relaxed like a bag. the scrotum seem lax and dull almost without life. never complained about it except for pain on his penis sometimes. just wanted to know if it's something or nothing. thanks
what is the difference between famotidine and omeprazole?
my husband takes the blood thinner effient. does he need to limit the amount of leafy greens he eats?
was diagnosed by the doctors as periproctic abscess over  oclock in ssl?
im a  year old woman with very swollen stomach has been like this for  months?
lactose intolerance. does lactose build up in your system so as to have issues over a series of several hours/meals? and do acidic foods exacerbate symptoms?
i have lower back and abdominal pain feels similar to the period pains but in between periods?
can a person get tonsilitis if they nolonger have tonsils. my son had tonsilitis. tonsilitis is a viral infection and does not require an antibiotic. however tonsilitis can be caused by strep which is bacterial which requires an antibiotic. dr did't do a strep test but perscribed an antibiotic. a few days after he got better i developed an extremely sore throat runny nose caughing headache no fever. tonsilitis symptoms. can i get tonsilitis if i had my tonsils removed? if i have a strep infection will my immune system fight it off.
i have staphylococcus epidermidis bladder infection?
something is stuck in my throat – cant get it out
what makes people crave sugar and carbs late at night?
"what do i do when my anxiety causes me mental and physical pain? . ive had anxiety since i was a kid. i dont take medications for it. i cant afford them. ive been trying to live with it and until recently ive done nothing about it. im tired of feeling like this its causing me emotional and physical pain. my relationships with friends and family members have been suffering. it often causes me to ""wig out"". when this occurs i have trouble breathing and chest pain. my whole mood just sours. i need help and i dont know whats wrong. what can i do?"
what causes bright blood and a dark brown vomit? my father in law is a severe alcoholic and tried to stop cold turkey. he is going on day  without alcohol and cigarettes and has vomited at least  times either bright blood or a very dark brown. he refuses to go to the dr so any help would be great thanks for your help
i have an acute dextroscoliosis i feel pain when i skip meals?
is it okay to take pepcid for gall bladder problems if you are pregnant?
what causes fertility problems?
im  year old have warts – skin tags on legs?
what kind of bug will only bite in the diaper area? . my  mo old has been getting up with what looks like bug bites but they are only in the diaper area there has never been any any were else on her body. this has been going on for a couple of months. what is it and what can i do? the bites are little round and red and raised up off the skin a little.
what are the side effects for silver sulfadiazine cream usp?
i dislocated my patella and did not do physical therapy as recommended
ive had this off balance/unsteady feeling in my head doctors are clueless?
is inhaling clorox dangerous. if you had a pneumonia probability of small concern and were on antibiotics and getting better and inhaled clorox fumes two different occasions could it cause more concerns or damage or escalated pneumonia for that lung? . the other lung was never a concern with no signs of damage with ct scan and xray. .
i moderately smoke meth and i am  months pregnant will a  unit injection of meth put me into labor?
what are the advantages and disadvantages of normal metal braces versus the fastbraces system?
can i use % benzocaine condoms during sex? . i suffer from premature ejaculation and read that using condoms with % benzocaine will help me with this issue. are these condoms okay to use? are their any health risks involve? thank you
i have migraine headaches blurred vision disoriented slurred speech fever weakness nothing is helping me?
if one is allergic to sulfa what otc pain meds are available?
can a chiropractor cause a herniated disc? . i visited a new chiropractor(dc) cause mine is  min away. the dc adjusted my neck so hard that it scared me. i returned to my regular dc the next week with symptoms of neck pain numbness & tingling down my arm. he was worried when the arm symptoms did not go away. i am currently in treatment with a spine surgeon had x-rays steroid pills pain&nerve meds an mri shows that i have herniated discs. i had a epidural injection today & if that doesn't work my next option would be spinal fusion.
what can i do to help my  year old son who falls aleep easily but then wakes up several times a night?
can you help me read my mri arthrogram?
i have to take an oxygen level test do i take it with my oxygen on or without it on?
how long can i take a multi vitamin and it remain effective?
why is having an infection such a big problem for cancer patients on chemotherapy?
lower stomach is swollen and quite hard breasts swollen – is it serious?
i had a thyroidectomy. does that mean my parathyroid was removed? i have severe osteoporosis -.  t score. i am looking for causes.
in hospital now for  weeks for bacterial infection hematoma antibiotics not working can you help?
i was diagnosed with a concussion now have dizzy spells?
i have a sharp pain in my left ear. i have a sharp pain in my left ear. ear feels plugged and itching but there's no wax. the only thing i can see is some white powdery stuff in the ear canal(coming out from the canal). pain gets worse when moving the ear lobe and touching the back of the ear &amp; the opening of the ear canal. a week back i suffered from the same illness and visited an ent surgeon he clean the ear and applied beclomin ointment and prescribed glevo tablets for a week. but again i am in the same situation. please help!
do i need a yearly pap. i'm  years old. post menopausal. i've had three children. i've had yearly pap smears all of my life up until age . all of them have been benign. do i need to continue having them? i am asexual.
i have gold crowns in the back of my mouth on both sides. they look ugly. how can i change that and what will it cost?
can fentanyl be used for weight loss. can fentanyl be used as a weight loss drug? i went to a clinic and they want to put me on fentanyl injections for said weight loss. they claim  to  pounds can be lost in  months but everything i have read says its a pain reliver
what is the dosage for cipro when treating a uti and pyelonephritis and for how long
do you have information for the income limits to be eligible for assistance with health care costs for my wife? . i am retired and our income will be about $  for .
lump on urethra opening and occassional discharge from urethra. (female)i have a small lump on the bottom portion of my urethra opening (it seems to be inside and looks larger if i spread the skin out) and notice that sometimes i have white particles that seem to be coming from the opening. i had a uti a couple of weeks ago and thought it was due to that but it is not going away. i have the sense of urgency feeling sometimes but not severe. negative for gonorrhea and chlamydia. scheduled to go back to the doctor but they cannot fit me in until next week
we are in the jungles of equatorial new guinea and developed open sores and swollen legs?
can burning a nerve help relieve nerve pain? . a friend of mine was told burning the nerve can help relieve nerve pain.
if my baby sucks her thumb will she need braces?
why do vicidon make me itch
hematoma after mini face-lift caused lips and eyes to be swollen shut?
when having sex i feel the need to pee i get up and go but still feel the pressure that i have to go. when having sex i feel the need to go pee i get up to go and it feels better but about  mins later i feel the need to go again. even when i am not having sex and i go to the bathroom it does not hurt or burn to pee but i still feel the pressure of having to go. i have googled this and have only gotten as far as his penis is big and is hitting the bladder wall and making me have the sensation to pee. this has just never happened to me before and we have been together for about  months now.
handled old cooking mushrooms too old to use picked nose with mushroom secretion on finger can mold grow in nose/brain. i was looking for ingredients for dinner and found old mushrooms i inspected them to see if they were good they were not while throwing them out i also picked my nose with the wierd slimy stuff from mushroom on my finger didnt think of it at the time but now im worried that the secretion off the mushroom could cause fungus to grow inside my nasal cavity or brain is there a possibility of this?
is smoke food (fish meat) not health for people over . thank's. edward
urinary tract infection. my urine is greenish and has many bubbles. also smells metallic. treatment for uti did not change it. any ideas?
i was told i had a kidney infection i still have the pain but ultrasound says no infection?
what is hypothyroidism?
when i go # i feel something come out then go back in when im done it hurts! any thoughts? ive been using hemroid cream. im  i eat healthy exercise regulary and for the past year ive had some digestive problems. i take probiotics and prenatal vitamins. for the past month or so its been hurting (getting worse) when i go #. i thought i just had a hemroid so ive been using cream but it isnt improving. this is the gross part. when i go # i feel something come out then go back in when im done. it hurts! any thoughts?
 year old always gets headaches no one and nothing helps?
is i-pill safe while breastfeeding?
i was told yesterday that my baby has no heart rate at  weeks and  days?
i have a prescription for a compression stocking. can i go to a drugstore for this item?
my  son walks and plays normally then will suddenly have an issue with leg. won't put any weight on it. i took him to er and had his hips xrayed. they said there were no problems with the bones. this has been going on for a lil over a week. he isn't running fever or have any other illness. he isn't allergic to anything.
my brother was recently diagnosed with hiv and he also has high ferritin levels in his blood. is there a connection?
"why am i always hungry and tired? . i am a  year old male '"" tall  pounds. i work out at least  times a week including cardio and weight training. i eat healthy and balanced with the occasional junk food. i don't drink caffeine or soda. i always eat breakfast lunch and dinner and snack throughout the whole day. some days i eat over  calories. i don't gain or lose weight easily. i sleep between - hours every night including the weekends. however i am constantly hungry even after a meal and i am always tired."
one of my breast was hurting then a couple days later my breast grew twice the size of the other one should i be concern
can you get shingles at  years old?
does eucerin cream contain steroids
i had a gallbladder removed i have a small tear leaking?
adult acne problems
is antibiotic resistance unique to our era?
what should i know about going to a medical spa?
could i conceive  before my fertile window days? . hello im trying to conceive my period was oct  to  had unprotected sex on oct  i believe its two days before my fertile window days could i possibly have a chance of pregnancy? thank you
what are the chances of me getting pregnant if i had unprotected sex while on my birth control? . i have been on my birth control pills for about - months and have missed a few pills on my previous packs but have been taking my present ones accordingly. i had unprotected sex  days ago and he came in me  times that night. i took a first response pregnancy test that you can take  days before your due period and my period is due in about - days and it was negative but i am aware it less accurate. i am very very anxious and stressed about this situation so what are the chances?
when i shower i break out in red bumps across my chest abdomen shoulders and back?
can mucinex dm and z-pack be taken together? . my son a college freshman likely has walking pneumonia. today his second trip to the health center in a week he was prescribed a z-pack for his symptoms: hacking cough fatigue fever and chills. his cough sounds alarming over the phone and is preventing him from getting much sleep. can he take mucinex dm to suppress his cough so he can sleep/rest?
what are the chance of becoming pregnant having unprotected sex one day before my fertile window and  days before ovu? . my last period ended on december  . my cycle length is about  days long. i have a  year old already so it wouldn't be much of a problem but i was trying to hold off till i was finish with all the schooling i wanted to do. we had unprotected sex on the  this month my fertility window started the  and ovulation suppose to be the . just wanted to know my chance of actually getting pregnant. oh we haven't had sex since then lol
having heart valve replacement surgery concerned about risk factors and other treatment options?
will having been in a rehab facility for alcoholism in  effect getting insured? . i have remained sober.
painful time urinating light blood came from vag.  time peed chunky discharge from vag. after the chunk of blood and the discharge came out it looked like a piece of skin with two blood bubbles and then pain went away. and so did the discharge. im peeing normally now with no issues. this happened all in one day. it was exremly hard to pee it wasn't a burning sensation i know how that feels. but felt like something was stuck and trying to get through.
i have been extremely fatigued with headaches and severe nausea coming in waves?
can not having enough blood flow to fatty tissue cause problems? . i had a ct scan and an ultrasound after having bloating and distension on my right side upper abdomen. the results said i had fatty tissue that was not getting enough blood.
latly when i get an erection when i try to adjust it so its alittle more comfortable i get this painful sensation. that under my testicals its not my testicals itself but it seems to be a cord like thing that runs from near my rectum over my sack and ends under my penis. it started recently the last time ive had sex was  years ago with a condom.
diagnosed with patella alta ratio .  is surgery only option?
kindly give your advise for my breastfeeding wife's cold and fever.
do cataracts cause headaches
i have heartburn headache and vomit
my partner has an ulcer on the inside of his upper lip and it looks like a canker sore but could it be a cold sore? . i had a canker sore inside my lower lip after biting it whilst eating; two days later my boyfriend got what looks like a canker sore inside his upper lip. he says he gets them when he's extremely stressed. it's white/yellow with a red ring around it but it's not uniform on the edges. his lip was swollen for a day but it's since subsided and clearly is inside the lip. could it be a cold sore/herpes and not a canker sore? he's never had a cold sore and says the mouth sores run in his family.
my husband and i have been trying to get pregnant and i out of nowhere started a period could i be miscarrying? . i have been having to do fertility treatments since november due to not ovulating and the treatments worked for the first time this month and i was given an hcg shot and i actually was able to ovulate. i haven't had a period without medical help for a while now and all of a sudden yesterday i start a period and it is black more clotting than normal and very heavy. for a little over a week now i have been having small cramps and feeling sick today i woke up vomiting could i be miscarrying?
ive been having progressive symptoms for almost  years now doctors dont know whats wrong?
how do you firm saggy breast. i am  years old with saggy breast. i want to know how can i firm them back up like they was when i was young. i breast feed my first child.
i just find out by a x ray i have  stables inside of me is it normal after surgery?
can epididymitis cause headaches
i had an arm implant inserted condom broke pharmacy reassured us that i wouldnt be pregnant?
i have shingles is my  month old baby at risk?
"""my nephew about  years old has an enlarged left knee cap. his left knee bone (cap) is bigger than the right and he can't stretch his legs straight. sometimes he complains pain and does not want to walk on his own. he crawls when he feels the pain. as far as we know he didn't have any injury. please advise."
what is metchicillin resistant staphylococcal aureus
my father diagnosed with stomach cancer is not treatable please advise?
hi can scabies kill or really make you sick if you have had them a long time? . hi can scabies kill or really make you sick if you have had them a long time?
can you take cold medicine before a knee surgery?
i was diagnosed with strep throat. why should i get it now when i've never caught it from my children?
what are neuroleptic drugs for parkinson's disease?
does butter increase bad cholesterol. does eating butter increase the risk of heart disease? should i avoid it if my cholesterol level is at ?
anal growths. have had for years need help. i noticed them about  years ago. doctor either didn't see them or wasn't concerned when i asked. the biggest growth is whitish (lighter than skin tone) and about the size of two or three peas. there's another one the size of one pea that looks red/black. what are these? hemmorhoids? worse? please help. haven't thought about them in years and am now worried. they feel like nothing and i've never had any symptoms of anything else. i'm also well below the average age for anal cancer.
can sepsis cause permanent memory loss? . mother recovering from pneumonia and blood infection. she now has mental confusion and low blood pressure when standing? she no longer has a fever and has returned home after a  day stay in the hospital. what would now be causing the low blood pressure and mental confusion? she is .
i have pain in my knee under the knee cap the back of my knee and my thigh is this just arthritis? . some times i can hardly stand i have always tucked my leg under me when i sit down i can't any more the pain is too harsh. some times my thigh muscles and calf muscles hurt so bad is this all part of arthris?
im having multiple problems after having my neck fusion of   ?
humifer vs dehumifer with force air heating. i want to know with force air heating if i should get the humifer or dehumifer.
i suffer from stuttering whats the treatment?
what is bradykinesia related to parkinson's disease?
what kind of eye cream should i use for dry skin at the age of ?
how does birth control help or hinder acne and hyperpigmentation?
i am retired and on medicare but have a dependent adult (over ) son who lives with me and has no health insurance. he has been too ill to work for a couple of years and has no insurance since his cobra ended. he has several pre-existing conditions. south carolina did not expand medicaid and ssi/ssdi turned him down. can i buy subsidized insurance for him under the aca? i file my income tax as head of household and claim him as i support him totally.
i have a itchy rash that comes and goes what could be causing this? . the rash appears in different areas of my body for an example a rash showed up on my wrist and stayed a while and went away. later the same day it appeared on my stomach and then on my thighs etc. its itchy while it is present. at one point my hands first turned red and then start to itch really bad to the point i had to wash my hands repeatedly. i work in the medical field so i wash my hands a million times a day. what could be causing this reaction?
is there any diet that can help improve or reverse hypothyroidism?
i had hernia repair  weeks ago – incisional and belly button?
diagnosed with helicobacter pylori infection i now have constipation problems bile reflux villious athropy and stomach ulcers
what doctors are best for dealing with hsv-? . my general practitioner has not had the experience in dealing with this condition.
is surgery necessary for heartbeat irregularities?
what are causes of hair loss?
can depo-medrol treat poison ivy
i have pain discomfort almost non-stop frequent urination my life has become miserable?
i have insulin resistance doc prescribed januvia  will this work?
are electric cigarettes safe?
my mom seems to have liver disease seen doctor and had lab work she is not getting any better?
concerned about my daughters recent blood work?
i woke up muffled hearing and ear ringing in my right ear is it serious?
im  and cannot orgasm or stay wet during sex and its only been this past year whats going on? . hi i am  years old married with a  year old kid i also have a vaginal std herpes and i have also had a bacterial infection twice on that went through my blood after i had my son and another one this past june and i didnt get it treated for  months i have pain during sex and i cant stay wet or orgasm and i used to be a squirter but now nothing this past year has been very depressing for me and i dont know what do to
will eating late evening meals increase my cholesterol?
ive recently gone to the dentist and said they found oral cancer?
my wbc is .  neutrophils   lymphocytes  triglycerides  what is wrong?
does a milk allergy mean my child is lactose intolerant?
i am  years old but i look +. i tried many products but do not see any improvement in my skin. what really works?
is it better to apply heat or cold to sore muscles after stenuous exercise?
how to cure eye allergy?
what causes sudden dark brown urine in men? . my husband recently had a kidney stone went to the hospital. he was told he had many stones left in his kidneys. he asked me if i had had diarrhea (thinking we ate something bad) within last week or so. he is having abdominal pain again this time he went to the bathroom urinated & it was dark brown like coffee. he has not had this before. what are the possible causes of this. we have not eaten anything like rhubarb or dark greens and only had one cup of coffee this morning as usual. help!
is it better to drink something cold or hot i. e. water or tea for weight loss? . i have started trying to drink water instead of sodas for weight loss. having had a bad experience where i drank too much water and got sick i have been starting off with  oz of ice cold water a day. a friend of mine said the water should be either room temp or hot in order to lose weight. she said cold water will congeal the fat in my system. is this correct?
"i had a cpk test run and the labs came back at  what symptoms are present and what does this mean. i am a  year oldwhaite male that doesnt drink smoke nor do drugs. i am approx  lbs at '"" and work out regularly. . my first cpk test came back at   weeks later it had risen to  and is now just over . what symptoms are normal for this and what does this mean?"
am i pregnant . no period
how can salmonella bacteria be detected in pregnancy after  days of eating sth that might have been containing it? . i have eaten kielbasa with mayonnaise when i was  weeks and  days pregnant after about  or  days i had a cold for  days. now i have realized after  days that i might have been infected by salmonella bacteria. is it still possible to detect the bacteria and see that wether i have been infected or not. how can i know wether the baby is safe or not?
why is extensively drug-resistant (xdr) tuberculosis so serious?
for - years i have had blood in my stools?
i have been suffering from prostatitis there is presence of pseudomonas fluorescens need second opinion?
why does  jump up? . -. . over the last  years my  has been . --. --. --.  then this past check-up it jumped to . . i have never had one that high. i have not changed my diet--i have actually shed about  more pounds. i don't understand what happened.
 year old daughter has leg pain doctors suggested haematology &. serology?
 boy diarrhea x . testicle now swollen and painful. diarrhea greenish white.
i see that aloe is in my diet pill i thought that was for wounds. is it safe and does it work?
how can i overcome the problem of assuming things?
i am a -year-old male. i have acne on the back of my head and is sometimes very painful. any idea what this can be? . it seems to come and go randomly but has been occurring for about three years now. i have tried different shampoos and our laundry detergent has not changed.
is there a generic form of lexapro?
does osteoarthritis cause a higher white blood count
can hydrogen peroxide be used as a douche to control yeast?
husband of  years has genital herpes. would this lay dormant for that long? . would doctor just be casual about it? would he not know for  years? .
how much ibuprofen is too much during the first trimester of pregnancy? made this mistake worried. i am  weeks pregnant and have made a dumb mistake. i have taken ibuprofen about  ( times) in the course of the last  weeks due to  rupture disc in my neck causing sharp pains in my head and headaches. and now i am freaked out about the damage i may have done. can someone tell me how much is considered too much ibuprofen during the first trimester?
what is osteoarthritis?
what is the single best thing i can do to keep my skins youthful appearance?
my mom has one hip is a little higher up than the other and it hurts?
i am vegetarian. i often still get a cold or sinus infection. will specific vitamins or foods help prevent this?
my son has a rash all over his body that looks kind of like a heat rash but isn't red and doesnt itch what is it?
period week after another; possible pregnancy? . i finished my period on thurs and then on the following mon i started another period/bleeding again? it started off quite heavy with bad pains which i don't get when on a regular period which lasted about  days. i am on the pill however i missed a week (as adviced by my doctor) to have my regualr period and possibly missed a couple here and there but never more than a few in a row. during this i have had sex with my boyfriend. chance of pregnancy? or something else/nothing to worry about>
my boyfriend suggested the depo shot so we could eliminate condoms. and im worried about side effects. is it safe? . ive researched the pros and cons and many people talk about weight gain or bad cramps and the sex is worse. i'd like to get medical advice on the shot
my period is late. i'm safely sexually active. with condoms and even pulling out while also using one. taking biotin. we've been together for over  year. i've never been this late before. it's been  days already. we have sex but he always uses a condom and he doesn't even ejaculate inside even though he's wearing one. i've been taking biotin supplements and i'm worried or thinking that maybe that might be the reason other than pregnancy. i took a test and it was negative. that's the only other explanation i can think of.
how can i shrink under-eye bags caused by a retinol-based face lotion? . i used a face lotion containing retinol for one month and developed bags under both eyes which i have never had before. i quit using the product two months ago and have seen no improvement. i have tried cold/ice compresses massaging the area and even preparation h under both eyes (which i read online might help) but nothing has helped. the area is not red or irritated. what can i do to shrink the bags or will they be permanent?
what causes human immunodeficiency virus hiv infection?
dark reddish brown vaginal bleeding green stools and a dull achy feeling in my pelvic and stomach area. my menstrual cycle isn't consistent and i can go months without having it. i am on birth control though a condom hasn't been used for sex. instead the pull-out method has been used. when my last set of birth control ended i did not start my period i just had very very light bleeding. and i missed one day on my new set but got caught back up the next day. i did notice the bleeding did occur after this happened.
doctors dont know whats wrong?
cascara is a night weight loss pill what is it and can it be dangerous?
my daughter has been having stomach pain internally around her belly button and nauseous all the time what could it be?
in april my husband will be eligible for medicare part b only. will health care reform assist us with a supplement?
can diabetes affect finger prints?
does hiv spread through toilet sharing?
what conditions mimic food allergy?
what is colorectal cancer?
can you be so sressed or freaked out that you pass out completely? . this last spring i passed out randomly about  times in  weeks. i was very stressed and had a stomache virus. i went to the doctor and they drew blood when they did i passed out again. my heart rate dropped so low the doctor couldn't find it and he ordered a  hour heart monitor. the results came back with nothing wrong. just last week i passed out again after having some muscle relaxing treatment done on my back. i was freaked out by how relaxed my back was. could this cause me to pass out?
can a man be given a depro provera shot?
i'm using the nuva ring can i have sex without a condom without getting pregnant? what are the best days to do it?
how serious is prostatitis and can i resume normal activity after being diagnosed? . is sexual activity dangerous for my wife?
feels like i'm slowly slipping into madness due to a scary drug experience i had  months ago. did a dab  months ago it made me feel like i had died and was stuck in hell  weeks ago i decided to smoke regular weed when it hit me it scared me but i relaxed.  days after that i was in the car and i looked up and it felt like i was in that state from the dab and it really scared me. ever since everything has felt super fake and each day it seems as though i am slowly going crazy because it feels like i'm losing my touch and also the fear that i'm going to go back into the state.
had a bilateral tubal coagulation in . i recently had a hysteroscopy d&c novasure ablation. % chance of preganancy. i am  and in realtively good health but do not want a pregnancy going forward. i am pretty sure that this will not occur trying to confirm. .
why no one ever answers my questions. usually i would know cramps in between periods to be ovulation but for me ovulation pains have never been bad as cycle cramps my cycle ended on / and / i had unprotected sex no i doubt this is a factor no stds i feel fatigued trying to do anyting. my belly feels a little tender but not to the touch. and the cramps ar on going for the last  days feels like im waiting on a period but i know im not. open to any answers thanks
is it recommended to elevate the feet above the heart for a person with congestive heart failure and emphysema?
how can i reduce my iron levels? . my iron (per blood test) is . my doctor wants me to lower my iron. is there a diet plan out there that will help me accomplish that? this is bewildering to me.  ago my doctor had me on iron because it was low. what can trigger it to be high now?
does chewing tobacco increase the risk of atherosclerosis?
after getting to goal weight can you switch from low carb to calorie counting? . i'm ' and  pounds. i'm also  years old and i've made up my mind to diet. i just need to know whether after going to calorie counting for maintainance if i'd gain everything back. i'd like to lose  pounds. i believe this weight is okay for me because i don't have a large frame.
just recently when i ate fish within a few hours i had very strong vomiting and diarrhea my arms and legs were tinglely. i started getting very warm and then my arms and legs were tingling and then i started very strong vomiting during this time i was able to understand what people were saying to me i was just not able to respond i was unable to sit up i had to be laying on the floor. this lasted for about  minutes. i was unable to clean myself up my husband had to do it then i had diarrhea and it has continued today. shortly after the diarrhea started i was able to get to bed. i i laid still i was ok.
how to correct vitamin  deficiency?
can soy help lower cholesterol?
our -year-old will be filing independently in  (we'll claim her in  for the last time). . will she then apply for health insurance as an individual after jan.  and get a subsidy based on her income alone? then would the remainder of the family have insurance based on husband wife and teenage son using my husband's income in  as household income and a family of three?
is it possible to have bladder leakage during sex? it can be continuous leakage at times.
is it safe to use albuterol on a  month old who has a cold. my  month old has a nasty cold and wheezes is it safe to give him albuterol treatments to help
what are consequences of stopping ibuprophen for osteoarthritis?
can trigger finger lead to osteoarthristis. i have been treated for trigger finger for the past  yrs. and have been treated with cortisone which has managed to abate the pain. i am concerned that i am or have developed arthritis in the area. are my concerns founded?
i now am going for robotic surgery had hysterectomy almost a year ago?
my son who is  months old does not communicate?
my mother had a severe pain in her lower back cant walk far sleeping all the time spacey urination problems?
what is the best time of day to exercise to lose weight? specifically if i'm walking on a treadmill.
how to stop dry sking from spreading. my doctor said that it is eczema but the medicine she prescribed for me triamcinolone acetonide ointment usp . % only stop the inflammation and swelling. now i have a problem with the sking continuos peeling and spreading. what do i do to prevent this? by the way it's down there.
im embarrassed but i have pubic lice.
can i be pregnant after plan b. i had unprotected sex in nov. wasnt ovulating but of course took plan b the next day. got my period a week later. . it was earlier than expected a darker color than usual and lasted a little long. i thought i wasn't pregnant but i've been having odd symptoms like bloating congestion frequent urination and hard stool. i know these aren't classic symptoms but i took a test. the test said to get  seconds worth of urine and i did not have that much. could it have been a false negative?
what is the follow-up care for colon cancer?
is all vitamin d the same?
how do i know when a rash is serious enough to see a dermatologist?
suffering from staph (staphylococcus) aureus how do i get cured from this deadly infection?
a type  diabetic is having a ra flareup. is there a linkage at the celluar level causing blood sugars in the ? . the person is on an insulin pump is very well controlled as far as activity and normal diet quantity and times. however without explanation recent blood sugars in the morning are bottoming out in the 's. currently the person is experiencing a rheumatoid arithritis flareup and conincidently (or not) the above noted blood sugars. can the cells associated with ra in any way interact with insulin to render it ineffective?
are herbal remedies or natural products safe for me when i am pregnant?
pus comes out of wound post appendix surgery. dr said to squeeze pus out of the wound and apply betadine. is it ok? . appendix ruptured. surgery done. after about one week a lot of pus came out of wound. dr squeezed pus out and applied betadine solution and recommend that the same treatment be done at home daily until pus doesn't come out any more. doesn't pus indicated peritonitis? is the treatment appropriate? . many thanks.
i suffered a major left sided hemiparesis in july  i started suffering from violent muscle spasms in my left quads muscles?
does anyone knows what is this on my babys mouth?
i had a fasting blood work done. it showed that my glucose level after fasting was . what does this mean?
how is hypothyroidism diagnosed?
what to expect when a loved one may have skin cancer? . my mother recently went to the doctor for a red spot on her temple. they did a biopsy and we are awaiting the results. my mom seems relatively calm but i seem to be freaking out. i have read online that they're are a few different types of skin cancer some fatal and some not. however i am worried about her. if it is cancerous what treatments could we expect? is she going to have to go through chemo? could this lead her to her death? if it is not cancerous then what is it? please help!
what types of medications are available to treat nausea and vomiting?
is there a generic for premarin?
what is the differnce between an ovarian cyst and tumor
i am debating getting ematrix rk for wrinkles and scarring around my mouth. how long does it last? do you recommend it?
i had my uterus removed but still have both my tubes and ovaries i am showing pregnancy signs please help! . is it safe to carry a baby in your abdomen i have develpoed a slight tummy i am having milk coming from my breasts which are and have been very tender. i have been unusually tired and moody for no apparent reason. i am also constantly thirsty and hungry nothing seems to be enough. i have had some discharge not brown or red just the type i have had before when i was previously pregnant. any advice or help would be great.
unprotected sex! could i be pregnant? . so me and my boyfriend had unprotected sex the  but he didnt come in me and i have been peeing alot and getting headaches and this morning i woke up and my stomach has been hurting really bad on and off for the whole day. i only got bleeding for only one day on the  but my period wasnt due till  days later so im confused if that was a period or not. i haven't gotten the time to get a test at the store but do you think i am?
i have unexplained acute onset of tingling in both my legs nerve test shows no problem?
friend is pregnant but she doesn't know if it's her friend or her fiance baby. my friend is currently pregnant and she doesn't know if the baby is her friends or fiance and shes upset and she wants to know before the baby is born and is there a way she can find out because her fiance doesn't know please help on what to do and what to tell my friend
is impetigo highly contagious? . my roomate has had impetigo for her whole life. she told me it's not that contagious and that i can only get it if i have a cut and she were to touch it. i wasn't convinced so i looked it up and apparently it is highly contagious. i've been at school for over a month and she just developed the rash in and underneath her nose like she apparently does every year (due to bacteria from the strep virus). are there ways for me to prevent getting this virus even though im constantly exposed to it?
can unprotected sex for a minute cause hiv?
does vitamin c impact the bodies ability to fight the common cold
is it possible to get pregnant without pre ejaculation or ejaculation on a irregular menstrual cycle?
is it better to apply heat or cold to sore muscles after stenuous exercise?
i have episodes of dull pain over my left eye. what could be causing this?
would the arm of a  old swell immedietely if it were broken?
what prevents dark spots under the eyes for african-american women?
i have inappropriate sinus tachycardia. should i get a pacemaker?
does a vasectomy cause heart disease later in life
is it possible to take oral steroids and steroid injection together
how do i know if i'm allergic to a medication(plavix)? . i'm on generic plavix but have had a rash for several months that won't go away. my internist thinks i'm allergic to the plavix & is going to switch me to a different medication. but i was recently diagnosed with lupus so am on plaquenil for that (had the rash before started that med). as long as i take steroids the rash doesn't itch but it doesn't go away. i've tried all kinds of creams ointments etc. if i switch medications & that isn't the cause then what?
when i do not poop for  to  days my back hurts bad. when i finally do go i have at least  times in a few hours
blood clots cannot be broken up doctors say there is nothing left to do need second opinion?
what is an maoi or where can i find a list of maoi drugs? . i need to know about over the counter or prescription drug interactions with antidepressants and anti anxiety meds.
i have dry and hard skin in my right ear canal. when i burp can hear a whooshing sound and feels blockage in that ear. i was diagnosed with fungal infection inear and had an ear microsuction  weeks back. now the skin in my ear canal is very hard and dry. i feels some blockage and muffed hearing in that ear. every time i burp of open my mouth i can hear a whooshing and clicking sound in that ear. please advice me
i m  m n found a wart like skin on my penis foreskin. is it hpv? i never had any type of sexual contact. i am having a problem of warts on my neck also. what should i do?
ibuprofen acetaminophen meloxicam dexibuprofen mefenamic acid are all causing diarrhea. what should i try instead?
i have retro peritoneal fibrosis with an aortic aneurysm?
what vitamins are present in fish oil? carrots are carrots but they contain vitamins as well. what's in fish oil?
can you help me please what kind of tumor disease can cause to  month girl. can you help me please what kind of tumor disease can cause to  month girl.?
what are the risks of a man getting stds by giving a woman oral sex?
is it safe for my  year old to go to disneyland in light of the recent measles outbreak? . she has only received one mmr vaccine at  months of age and isn't due for the second dose until next year.
what about families who do not have the money to afford obamacare and do not qualify for medicaid and medicare?
tumor on lung pet scan show suspicious but no cancer diagnsis what cam it be?
which cosmetic filler is best for me?
i've stabbed myself in the foot with a belt prong more details included please help! . hi i just tripped stepping on a blunt belt prong. it went through my foot and i fell pulling the prong out before i knew how deep it had gone. i am up to date on my tetanus shots but i also have a softball tournament in a few days. will i be able to play on it if i ignore the pain? right now i've cleaned it and have it propped up w/ pressure applied.
does atorvastatin cause weight loss?
what does it mean if there is an infection in your leg and you need surgery. my daughters boyfriend has had fevers for the past week and was extremely week and slept all day long and had loss of energy. the other day he had called the ambulance and when he arrived to the hospital he was rushed into surgery. i could not understand what they were speaking about when they said ; they had to clean out his leg due to infection. could someone please tell me what this is called and what cause this to need to be done. thank you_
what should i know about the hepatitis c virus?
should foam be used with male condoms?
i am suffering with low back pain since last three years following doctor advice but no development?
on depo. period symptoms w/o bleeding. i've been on the depo shot for a bit longer than a year now and i love it. this past week was my week before my next shot and usually i have bleeding then but i haven't. i've had a thick white discharge cramping and other period symptoms and i've almost fainted/ had vertigo a few times. i've never had this sort of thing happen but i've done pregnancy tests both at home and in the lab i work at so unless it's too early to tell i'm not pregnant. has this happened to anyone else?
can i be contagious with chicken pox and not have them? . i am going to be with family and have been exposed to chicken pox. i have already had them. can i still be contagious?
what exams and tests help doctors to evaluate or test people for type  diabetes recently diagnosed?
constant pain left chest wall more than  days after auto accident i am very concerned why am i still hurting? . auto accident involved being t-boned in driver door requiring jaws of life to remove door to get me out of car. x-rays ct scan and mris taken of chest back shoulder and arm since accident. still have pain in chest as previously stated in left shoulder arm and neck. received broken  rib contuisions. and abraions along the left side of my body. referred to orthro dr appt. in jan . i need to know about the pain in my chest.
can pinkeye clear up on its own without antibiotic eye drops or pills?
i have a white spot about the size of a large grain of rice in the back of my throat on my tonsil of the left side. its a small white spot but it is very easy to see upon emamination. i have just gotten over a cold that did start with a very sore throat but that was about a a week ago now. there is only a spot on one side of my throat. i'm worried its some kind of infection. i can touch the area with my tonge and it is much warmer on that side of my throat than the other side. it is mildly irrated.
my doctor gave me an anti-flamatory pill for shingles doesnt seem to be working what can i take to make the pain go? . anti-flammatory: prednisol tab . for the itch: chlorpheniramine . can you suggest me something stronger i cant even sleep because of the pain?
why is getting enough sleep so important?
can you get pregnant by giveing head
does clearing nasal passage before sleep help with osa. if an osa sufferer uses nasal spray and blows his/her nose before bed will that curb the apnea?
when i shower i break out in red bumps across my chest abdomen shoulders and back?
i received the varicella series in  i just had another titer drawn and showed a negative titer. do i get it again? . i am  yrs. old
my baby gave me thrush on my nipple could i use clotrimazole to treat it?
can a cpap machine cause blood in the sputum? . i started using a machine a week ago. first with pillows which did not work because of my sinuses and now with a full mask. it has humidity in it. i am  yrs. old. i have never had blood before when i cough up what drained down during the night. i am coughing very little. the blood is bright red. i am a mouth breather because my sinuses are always clogged up. is that small amount of blood anything to be concerned about? '
what causes heart disease in people with diabetes?
how do i get the plan b pill or morning after pill as a prescription?
what does ringworm of the groin (tinea cruris) look like?
can your tonsils burst? . i had tonsilitis with mono. my tonsils were very swollen but now after healing it almost feels like my tonsil deflated and is just sitting there. should i be concerned?
affordable health care. what about being employed from a temporary agency? . what about being employed from a temporary agency that supplys health insurance but has you working short length jobs which leaves you on unemployment and not able to afford their ins. (live in florida/no medicaid expansion)
i am currently on blood pressure medicine. . my pressure is  over . should i have my meds reduced? . i have lost 
deodarant gives me a burning rash under my arms what can i use for it or as a replacement for deodarant? . i usually use mitchum deodarant with some success but now i get the rash even with that. what can i use on the rash or what can i use as a replacement for deodarant?
i am  and i have started developing some wrinkles. i want to get rid of them can you please help?
i have chronic back pain – gotten worse over the past few months?
is soy milk bad for a sore throat plem or a cold.
is there any diet that can help improve or reverse hypothyroidism?
i swallowed several small pieces of plastic chopped up in blender. should i take syrup or ippec or just let pass? . this was about  minutes ago and i tried to make myself throw up - but with little success. (although several small pieces were swallowed) there were small plastic pieces that were caught in blender. i put nuts in the blender with powder that is very viscous. will it pass thru easily enough? . . . .
what s the best way to figure out the shape of my buttocks?
i have been getting pain in the left side just below the second rib in the back?
does azithromycin treat every bacteria in your whole body
is there a correlation between hair loss and stress?
i had rhabdomyosarcoma and chemotherapy as a child i started having menstrual problems?
i have high igg levels
my doctor prescribed an ace inhibitor but my blood pressure has never been high (/ last wk). should i take it?
i have a knee problem pain is increasing?
i noticed an itch on my scalp im now scratching uncontrollably?
jaw pain. i know i grind my teeth at night and wake up with a stiff jaw. but usually that goes away after a bit. however every now and then i get severe pain in my right jaw/temple/ear and it is extremely painful. my automatic reaction is to try and rub the pain away. is this something i should be concerned with? . i know i have a bit of an overbite and i know with jaw deformities tmj is usually pretty common. i'm just curious if i should do something about it.
how much exercise should i do?
will they accept obamacare at any hospital?
i have a herniated lumbar disc   and have weakness and numbness in my left leg and foot?
what findings have been reached regarding zinc and colds?
i hit my tricep and after  months the lump is still there should i be concerned? . i banged it pretty bad in a minor car accident and all the bruising has went away but the lump didn't and is still a little painful.
i would have dizziness headaches and an over all feeling of being un-well?
what can i do to treat shingles at home?
can a tooth infection cause vertigo
i have edema would a moderate to high level of fitness – decrease or eliminate the leg swelling?
my dentist says that i have small chips in my teeth caused by grinding my teeth at night. could this be true?
i have episodes of vertigo for about  years happens following a buzz in my head?
what to use for arthritis pain relief in my fingers. i currently use mobic  for my arthritis. i have very bad arthritis in each finger of both hands. my fingers hurt every day and some of them dont even bend any more. is there anything better than or in addition to mobic that i should be using?
what are the negatives to smoking herbs? i know someone who is doing this as he says to help with insomnia. i do not know what kind of herbs they are. he was using some sort of inhaler made of wood then he was using a glass bong. i do not see any positive affects to doing this. any information will be much appreciated.
im  old. ive missed  straight periods. ive never been regluar. i have no symtoms of menopause. ive never had a regular cycle. me and my husband has never used protection. i had my tubes tied about  years ago. ive missed my last two periods. my stomach is bloated. more at the top and going down. i know having your tubes tied is not % effective. because two of my aunts had children after their tubes were tied and burned. is it possible i could be pregnant? i did something that freaked me out today. i did the pencil on a string test on my self. it said a boy then a girl.
am i fertile? . me and my husband are together for a year and a half already and i haven't been pregnant since then. . how will i be able to know if i am fertile? . . my menstruation is irregular also
i started chantix a week ago and i'm expirencing some horrible side effects. my doctor isn't really helping. i'm sick to my stomach for - hrs after a half dose. i started to have pale stools and dark urine. my skin is itchy but with no visible rash. i'm hot and sweating. i've quit smoking and have not had a cigertte since yesterday. i called my doctor but they told me to stick it out for another couple of days. i'm going out of my mind with the itching and can't deal with the stomach pains. what's wrong?
do i need to taper off of  trazadone? been taking it for years at bedtime to help me sleep due to back pain. . i recently increased from  to  due to increased pain. suffering from dry mouth so want to stop trazadone to find out if that is the cause.
will exercise while having a cold or flu get rid of it faster?
my husband has stomach spasms bloating gas and a little bit of diarrhea. what do you suggest? . when he sits on toilet not much comes out and the bloating is to the right side of his stomach.
how to stop your period. i am almost  years old. last year i went most of the year without a period but in july bled heavily for  days causing me to become anemic. this year i have had more regular periods but this july have been bleeding heavily for  days. i saw my gyno last september and she wasn't too concerned. she did an ultrasound where they found  fibroid tumors but had no concern about them. any suggestions? i prefer to avoid surgery.
split my lip open a year ago had  stitches. i have a bump on my lip. will this heal or do i have to get it removed? . i feel and split my lip open a year ago and had  stitches. i have a bump on my lip now and does not seem to be healing. what causes this? will this heal or do i have to get it removed by a plastic surgeon?
what are the hormonal treatments for prostate cancer?
i take bupropion and i want to take nyquil for my cold. is that safe?
tinnitus - how likely temp vs permanent? had ear wax removal  days ago then got a cold virus. tinnitus for over  wk. i went to the doctor  days ago and she said there was some sign of fluid in one of my ears behind the eardrum and the eardrum was quite pink indicating that the virus had affected my ears. she said to give it some time and see if it resolves. i don't feel ill now and no other ear related symptoms. my head/ears still feel quite 'full'. called audiologist at microsuction clinic and he said wax removal can reveal pre-existing tinnitus is not caused by the cold and likely permanent. please help.
last night my  years old sons's amoxicillin left out of fridge overnight is it still effective? could it hurt him?
a doctor told my husband that if you don't use you lose it that the penis is a muscle that needs exercise. true?
developed myopia over  months and i can't read a sign until i pass it. weak prescription fixes completely though. why? . i had perfect vision for years until  months ago. i realized i couldn't read the board a. anymore. then i noticed that i was also having trouble reading signs while driving. it was just reading at first though. i went to have an eye exam and i was told that i needed just a hint of correction. it corrected my vision. i now can only make out general shapes past  feet. beyond that everything is a blurry mess. my prescription still corrects it. how is that possible if my vision got so much worse?
i am lost on ideas what's wrong with me pain in stomach gets worst when i eat i have no gallbladder or apendix it feels. like hunger pains dull to sharp at times someone please help no nausea
can metoprolol tartrate raise triglyceride levels? how about raising ldl or lowering hdl?
is it ok to take - prenatal vitamins daily? . im taking these vitamins to help my body get ready for pregnancy. also in addition need extra vitamins because i had gastric bypass over  months ago. is  to  times a day a good amount?
our son will be  in november. is he eligible for our family health plan even though he is not currently in school?
with all the advances in fertility treatments how old is too old for a woman to try to get pregnant?
is there a condition that causes the thyroid to be short?
i am  but not eligible for medicare due to lack of credits. is there a health insurance plan for my age group?
how effective are allergy shots for asthma sufferers?
why am i not menstruating? . i'm  years old and i haven't had a period in  months. i can % guarantee i'm not pregnant. i'm not overweight i don't exercise really intensely and i don't really have anything to seriously stress about. i moved back in january but i've had a period since then so i don't think stress from that is the problem. i have chronic constipation which may or may not be ibs. could that be what's causing this? i want to make sure before i go get looked at and told that's what it is.
what causes prostatitis?
why do i have reoccuring pain and swelling in my left nipple? . for the past year or so only my left nipple will swell up and become painful and tender to the touch for about a week and then the swelling and pain goes away for about a month and then comes back again but only my left nipple.
when you can't digest food. my daughter is  and when she eats the food just sits in her stomach and rots making her sick. she can't hardly eat anything yet her weight still climbs. she had her gallbladder removed several years ago and has had this problem ever since. dr. put her on reglin (she is off that now) but all it did was make her feel like she had chronic fatigue syndrome. help.
whats the best sleep medicine to ask my dr about? . i have a few health problems heart diease fibramialga bulgded disc rls i dont sleep but maybe - hrs a night. i'm just about to my ropes end. can you give me some info please. . .
can you still have a peritonsillar abscess if you don't have your tonsils and adnoids?
can prostate cancer be found before symptoms appear?
lost  pounds in three months nausea every time they still cant diagnose me?
can u stop growing at the age of ? . hello i am concerned for my sons height. he is currently  and about ' (height in feet) i'd say he has hit puberty but recently he has seemed to stop growing as much as he did last year which is worrying me. is this normal?
can i use super glue to temporarily reattach loose tooth veneer?
for hand and mouth disease can the sores be on tongue?
can keppra be used to treat migraines
my husband is  and has low test if he can still get hard should he be having a decrease in sex drive? i'm hearing no. any time i initiate sex he has no problems performing or getting hard he just never initiates it himself. i'm feeling its because i'm pregnant and he is unnattracted to me but he is saying it's because of his low t and it takes away your sex drive. he usually takes a shot but hasn't in about  weeks. my  year old dad has low t and says as long as a man can still perform perfectly fine low t shouldn't be a cause of having no sex drive. whats the truth?
my bug bite is now a blister. how should i treat it?
how to treat ringworm at home on a child? . my child has about  of them. all over. and is using a topical cream clotrimazole % since // and they are red itchy and not going away. do i take her back to the doctor for something else? i also have her on zyrtec for kids and a antibiotic that the doctor perscribed amoxicillin  every  hours. what else can i do for her to make them go away? she is only  years old and wants them to go away?
pregnant? . hi  may was my last period and my period lasts  nly  /-  days. on  had a oral sex ( pos). aft - days i hd a expiry date cake whr i suffer fud poisoning. nw it's  days i missed my period and hd a hgt on  day of missed period which ws (- 've). i also quit my job last mnth wer my routine changd  slp early n get up early and nw i slp late and wake up late. it's been  mnths i got married n i don't wan  get preg  nw due to family prob. am i pregnant?
are there all natural stop smoking aids that really work? . i don't like the patches i will not use the drugs (bad side effects with both)
what factors contribute to a successful nose job?
i am going on  wks late on my period. taken  otc pregnancy tests. could i still be preg or what else could be cause? . should i get in to see my gyn? the  preg tests were taken a week apart but still not pregnant.
is it safe to use an electronic cigarette when you are pregnant? . i am  weeks pregnant. i have given up smoking but have been using an electronic cigarette as an alternative for about  weeks. however i wasn't aware that the solution you put in the e cigarette does contain nicotine. my question is is the amount of nicotine in the solution enough to cause harm to the baby? im not sure how much nicotine the solution actually contains. also if i happen to find a solution that does not contain nicotine does that make it harmless for the baby?
bad asthma flare up no signs of mononucleosis white blood cell count was low any ideas?
what would cause your breath to taste like ammonia?
what should i look for on a social networking health site?
what is the treatment for red sputum?
is it normal for a toddler to hide things
early stage of a herpes outbreak or is this a uti? . i got a yeast infection a couple of days into taking metronidzole for bv. after finishing monistat  two days ago my labia still itch and burn. i was seen by a gynecologist who confirmed i was clear of yeast and bv yesterday and she recommended i just be patient with the itching. i was seen by another doctor today as the itching got worse over night and i am having slight discomfort urinating. she took a urine sample and confirmed i didn't have a visible rash. i still have some white discharge.
what causes breast size difference and can it be corrected without surgery?  / difference in cup size. i have had this problem since i was young. however it was not so dramatic. now after  children it has become nearly impossible to find a bra to accomodate such dramatic difference. i just want to know if there is anything i can do with out medical attn. the affects of the insecurity are affecting my intimate time with my husband as well as the way i dress and the amt of time spent outside of the home. i fear really bumping heads with depression of lack of self confidence.
what type of arthritis is most common in people who have ulcerative colitis?
so i just started dating one of my close guy friends  days ago and i know i'm only  and about to start high school on wednesday so i shouldn't be worrying about boys right now but two days before we started dating he kissed me and i felt bad for not wanting to date him but i kissed him so i didn't want to make it seem like i'm using him. i'm not that type of person. but the thing is i want to keep it from my parents since i can't date until i'm . so due to that i'm very stressed out and i'm getting nauseous over it since i want to tell them but the outcome will not be good. so i'm not going to tell them at all it's safe to say i really love this boy because we both skype every night and we have since the end of june maybe early july. i am starting high school with him too. but since we are both so bus we don't see each other so we skype. so basically what i need advice on is how to overcome my nauseous feeling and constant stress that i am getting from the whole thing. i haven't really been able to eat or sleep much either from it. and i am going to be more active in school so i obviously need a lot of sleep and food in my system at all times to avoid future health problems. i have tried so many ways to keep my mind occupied. i've watched youtube videos from famous youtuber a because they are so positive and it makes me happy i talk to my close friend and i talk to my bf as well. but after i talk to him the stress comes back. i've thought that maybe i'm really doing this too soon and i should just wait. but i don't want to break up with him because i feel like he won't understand where i'm coming from and we won't even be friends afterwards. i'm just scared of losing him because it'll be more stress for me. and it's my first year in high school i don't want to fail because of it. idk i'm confused over it all. someone please help asap. i see him tomorrow morning at orientation and it's making me stress more
why do you bleed after a c section
what health insurance plan is best for a pregnant woman? . of course premiums go up or down but how does one decide if the % the insurance company pays/ % i pay the / or / is right for a first time pregnant woman?
it was recently discovered that i have a large cyst with stems on my right ovary. other than surgery is there any other remedy?
can korean ginseng be taken safely along with various hypertension meds and rivaroxaban?
does your hair grow thicker while you are pregnant?
i have flare ups on each side of my nose berween my eyebrows a lot. is there an over the counter cream to use for that?
my nine month old wont sleep can i give him water to deter him from wanting to night feed. my son is  months old and wakes - times a night to feed still his doctor insists this is normal but to me - feedings and - diaper changes per night for a nine month old  baby seems way too much i dont like the night formula feedings as he has  perfect little teeth i would like to not have rot out of his mouth. he is eating baby foods fingerfoods and some tablefoods but he does not sleep at night ive tried every sleeptraining method to no sucess.
why i feel so tired to do simple things like fold clothes.
what's a good alternative to drinking soda?
can i stop taking flomax once i have passed the kidney stone? . i am a generally healthy  year old female. last week i was diagnosed with a  kidney stone and was prescribed flomax to help pass the stone. i passed it about three days later and now i am wondering if i can stop taking flomax. the urologist said i would have to take it for a month then have a follow up ultrasound to make sure i don't have hydronephrosis. i find the side effects i'm experiencing (headaches stuffy nose and nose bleed) very annoying.
positive antinuclear antibody testwhat should i do?
why will medicare part d not cover my prescription for donnatal?
my period is  weeks late and i feel bloated could i be pregnant? . my period was due // and i havent had it yet. i feel bloated neasous have more headaches than normal sore/tender breasts and feel more tired than usual. took a hpt on // and it was negative a friend said it was too soon to take hpt. here it is  weeks later same symptoms plus weird food cravings like ranch dressing mixed with ketchup and mayo. advice please!
i had blood in my stool and have had constant hunger like pain under my rib cage on the right side- could it cancer? . i am  yrs old and have had pain in upper right side under rib cage for about  weeks now. the other day i had miserable stomach craps and had diarrhea that's when i notices the few amounts of blood and also red blood on the toilet paper. could it be an ulcer or something much worse (cancer). should i wait til i have another bowel movement before i go to the dr. i don't recall any pain or constipation recently so i don't know what the cause could be or the pain in stomach is. any advice? .
will levaquin help sinus infection. i have allergies to penicillin and cephalexin
how and when are the hepatitis vaccines given?
can taking certain perscription or otc drugs/supplements cause a loss of penile sensation
my girfriend is bipolar  she is going to see her therapist today i need question to ask him on how i can help her? . i feel that most of the time its me that puts her into an episode i dont know what it is that im doing i try so hard to be there for her but some of the things she says to me hurts so bad that i get mad or depressed like ive failed her somehow she drinks everyday she drinks gin or vodka and she will destroy a .  ml bottle in a week which alot by my standards i might have  or  beers all weekend sometimes she says things like i dont want to keep living or she would be better off dead. help me!
my mother has suddenly become almost totally non talkative?
want to switch my therapist i do not like her style any suggestions. my therapist of  years retired. new therapist is kind of too fast in her approach. talked to her about it and she just wants to talk some more. i do not want yo see her so who can i turn to.
my boyfriend won't have sex i'm stuck should i forget him and move on or can you tell me what i can do? . my boyfriend won't have sex with me. however i have caught he and another friend ( male) watching porn and jacking off. he tells me he is not gay and he wants to have sex with me but he's not ready yet. i have asked him how can he watch porn with another guy and jack off but not have sex with me. we have talked about this. but after  years still nothing has happened. i am in my late 's and i like sex very much.
is having chronic diarrhea after appendix removed normal it has been removed over  weeks ago
i have some hip pain  weeks. had mra image recently would welcome second opinion?
what types of ringworm are there? what are ringworm symptoms and signs?
i have a rash on my lower legs just above ankles-no pain and no itching. is this a circulation problem or what? . i am using a cortizone  cream which seems to help.
is vibramycin a type of penicillin? . i am allergic to penicillin. is vibramycin a penicillin?
something isnt normal help! . well first off i threw up  times and had diarrhea - weeks ago. it was starting to clear up then more symptoms started to pop up. i have increased passing gas and the feeling to go the bathroom a lot. right now i still have those symptoms except going to the bathroom a lot then i have sudden moderate-severe abdominal pain and weight loss that is unintentional. does anyone know whats going on here!?
i live with a person with polyarteritis nodosa pan need advice?
what causes type  diabetes children living with the disease?
i was recently in the er for a bad infection concerned about atrophic liver?
can i get pregnant after i've had an ectopic pregnancy?
when someone gets staph after a c-section how could this happen. mother developed chills sweating fever of  incoherent and she passed out. the baby was born on nov   and the mother was hospitalized on nov  . she was treated with multiple antibotics and gent a rarely used antibotic. she was hospitalized for  days. severe back head and stomache pain around the incision. cann staph lead to sepsis.
how is herpes simplex treated?
i am bleeding after taking cerelle contraceptive pill?
i use mirena birth control have cramps cant moveim in tears.
i was prescribed the wrong dose of antibiotics?
is it dangerous to color your hair if you have extremely dry scalp from scalp psoriasis?
if i've taken the shingles shot can i still get shingles? . we are not completely sure what this is but i have bumps that look similar to hives but they hurt severely and are breaking open. i've had a shingle shot so can this be a shingles outbreak? .
i've had diarrhea for  wks and my stool is turning dark green i have not changed my diet and i don't eat fatty foods. i have not been eating very many vegetables but i don't eat fatty foods i hardly sleep due to the pain in my stomach i have had this diarrhea problem for over  weeks and it's causing me to be nauseated my stool is turning dark green greener than grass and it will come out as if someone put spinach in a blender with water
after showering i have red/blotchy patches on my legs what are these? . so i have the shower on about  degrees celsius and was in there around - due to a hairwash. after i had finished i noticed around my knees/shins were purple with red blotches going from my knee don the side of my leg and onto my food more so on my right than left leg. they were not tender nor raised just seemed like a discolouration. this has happened before just wondered what it was?
"what are ""mind-body exercises "" and how do they improve your health beyond the normal benefits of working out?"
why am i experiencing so many side effects while taking the depo-provera shot? and should i stop taking it? . i have severe cramping black colored diarrhea low libido decreased appetite fatigue mood swings blood tinged discharge lower back pain trouble staying asleep and worsening acne. my pcp says it's side effects of the shot i won't be back to see my gyn until my next shot is due. i just had my first injection right at  weeks ago. i don't want to take it anymore. should i stop and what are the risks i am taking by stopping? put on it because they though i had pcos but i don't. i'm .
i understand that the cost of health insurance is based on one's yearly income. is this earned income? . is ssi included as part of this income? how about a self-paid pension plan is that considered as part of earned income since it has been paid over many years with one's net earned dollars?  plans and interest on savings and unemployment benefits -- are these considered earned income?
my daughters got their flu shots today. how long does it take until the flu shot is effective?
what is acid reflux?
can someone with a strawberry allergy eat strawberry rhubarb? . i have a friend who is allergic to strawberries. i have a strawberry rhubarb plant and was wondering if has any strawberry properties or just the name for it?
can humans get hiv from dogs or cats?
ive been taking generic toprol xl  mg and im excreting the medication still intact. is something wrong?
abscessed tooth symptoms and oral cancer symptoms similar?
ct scan shows issue with prostate?
could my baby have gastroesophageal reflux disease (gerd)?
my son is  years old and has been having abnormal blood work for  years now?
do all antidepressants cause high blood pressure glaucoma and sexual side effects? . i had been taking sertraline for years but it stopped working and now i am taking pristiq. when i started taking pristiq the doc put me on double the blood pressure medicine and my blood pressure is still increased. also i have noticed my vision is blurry and i see halos around lights at night and my eyes hurt a lot of the time. the sexual side effects are the same as the ones i had from sertraline only much more severe. is there another antidepressant i should try?
my dr told me i was in diabetic range he perscribed me some medicaion and i refuse to take it. . i want to know what are the risks of not taking medicine when i am looseing weight and on a regular exercise plan.
how do you reduce swelling in osteo arthritis of the knee?
my headache persists even after pituitary tumor surgery. what to do?
what do you recommend to help tighten the vagina? i have a new baby & my husband said it doesn't feel the same. . other than kegels
i have had really really bad reflux and cannot sleep or feel like eating?
i have night sweats dizziness nausea and shortness of breath?
will bubbles come from your mouth if you got cortisone  in it and what happens if it does get in your mouth
can naproxen give a false positive for thc? how long can it stay in your system? how do i clean out the naproxen?
how long after contacting clymidia would i start noticing symtoms. i am a  year old male. i went to the hospital last night with extreme abdominal pain. two weeks ago i was diagnosed with a hernia and thought that was what was going on until today the hospital called and told me i have to go back in cause i tested positive for clymidia. just trying to get an idea of how long i have had this.
after giving birth i have pain during intercourse had first degree tear during birth?
i have rheumatoid arthritis stopped taking meds will i be ok?
what if you can't afford the health insurance even with what the government is giving you?
my nose swelled up and began bruising when will the swelling go down? . yesterday i got punched in the face i've never bled from my nose this was the first time. immediately one side of the nasal ridge began to swell up. i iced it for  on  off and took ibuprofen. later the other side of the ridge swelled up then the top of the bridge and around my eyes. i iced around my entire face. i woke up this morning with bruises underneath both eyes. you can follow a straight line through the ridge until the tip. please help how can i make the swelling go down quickly?
doc sied i have ben exposed to the herps mouth virus and it sirculating thrue my blood neverhad abreakout am icontagious
fetal echo cardiography done doctors suggested to abort but we want to continue?
my husband currently has shingles how can i prevent myself and  year old from getting it?
is there a chance of me being pregnant? . me and my partner had unprotected sex and he finished in me but  days i got my period. after my period we had sex again and it happened again. so i'm not sure if i am. can you help me?
have had chronic dysentery daily for  months?
will an umbilical hernia heal itself? . i have a small umbilical hernia (self-diagnosed). i can feel a small bulge right near my belly button. will this ever heal itself for example if i strengthen my ab muscles? . no pain just a little bulge. how worried should i be about this?
had  teeth removed swelling has increased everyday since surgery?
who are the  health insurance companies for illinois?
behcet's syndrome how do you treat it how do you beat it? . behcet's syndrome how do you treat it how do you beat it?
can medication cause problems with the penis? . penis is red swollen and painful. uncircumcised so foreskin is sore and is hard to return to cover head of penis there is some white matter under the foreskin and it is very painful to wash the area.
can i grt a cold sore from someone's phone? . a person i work with has a weepy cold sore on her mouth chin area and uses a common phone can i get a cold sore from this contact?
after a aortic dissection ( years) with warfarin usage can i take cialis for ed? . this question is regarding cialis usage.  years ago i had an aortic dissection affecting my ascending and descending aorta and both carotids. i take warfarin a beta blocker asthma and cholesterol medications. can i safely take cialis?
how is parkinson's disease treated?
is acupuncture a viable and safe option for relieving leg edema? . patient is elderly diagnosed with congestive heart failure and kidney disease; patient is also on coumadin.
my son has medicaid but on our ky dcbs website it says if you are already on medicaid you don't have to do anything. . i have to re-certify in december. should i do ahead and sign up through kynect (kentucky's health care exchange) to ensure continuous coverage or wait and re-certify in december?
can metformin can be taken two hours before simvastatin?
caught malaria in africa?
i'd like some help extending my sexual stamina. i last with her on top but really short in other positions. when my wife is riding me i last few minutes. but if i'm on top or behind her i only last a couple strokes. desensitizing condoms in the past made me lose my erection. what can i do to improve my stamina.
i have neck shoulders back hip and leg pain doctor says due to menopause imbalance need second opinion?
what are some -month old milestones i should see in my baby?
my ankles and feet are swollen / doctor cant seem to figure out what is causing it?
i had a cyst removed on my neck i was diagnosed with a c diff infection
wart are the systoms of tardive dyskinesia/
is hair fall common after a surgery?
why do i have persistently high hb and hct?
ok so i got cured for chlamydia and gonorrea recently  questions. my penis has been smelling bad for a couple of months now is it maybe i dont wash it right? should i go see a dr again? and also i was washing my penis when i noticed some skin pelling off so peelid almost half of itboff (its right below my penis head and its whiteish/dryish) i know for a fact its not smegma and i am also uncirumcised
why does my left breast nipple stay hard and sore? . i'm  not on bc celibate not pregnant
how much calories should i be eating? so confused. hi i am  year old female. i weigh . i work out  times a week. this last week i have been walking  miles in two hours. i started building up my exercise since march this year. i have lost some weight but need to loose alot more. some people are telling me i need to eat the calories i have burned exercising. also i am not sure of how much protein/carbs i should eat. i am not sure how many calories a day i need either.
can an ovarian cyst grow back? . two years ago i had a  cyst along with my right ovary removed using robotic surgery. i have started to develop the same exact symptoms on my right side that i had two years ago. dull pain in my lower back sometimes a sharp pain just above my groin area. the pain seems to be worse when i wake in the morning. there have been a couple of times that i could hardly lift myself from the bed. then the pain goes away after walking around. . . thanks!
uncle being sent from hospital in town to another  miles away. he's  they aren't bringing him back. is this right
i live in new jersey with my father. i am a -year-old female. . i work full time for a small company and my employer currently doesn't offer health insurance to their employees. i'm currently on cobra through my prior employer and the premium is very expensive. my father receives social security and is on medicare which i can't participate in. i support myself and pay for my own expenses. my father and i both file individual tax returns with a filing status of single and claiming  exemption on each return. are we considered a  person household or  households with  person in each household?
how is shingles contagious. when i saw my doctor about a small bump on my arm she said i had the shingles virus. i did not have a rash anywhere on my body. i never had chicken pox but did have measles as a child. i searched the web for an answer but they were confusing. one person said that shingles is contagious and another says that its not. i got a blood test and she said i had the virus. my question is if it is contagious how was it transmitted to me. she said i was exposed who had chicken pox when i was child. help.
i had a transvaginal scan both ovaries polycystic gestational sac bleed?
am i too big too soon? . i'm currently experiences many signs of pregnancy but i haven't missed my period yet so my pregnancy tests come up negative. although i haven't missed a period i am eating like crazy and can't stop the cravings (the weight seems to stay around my lower belly). someone mentioned that i shouldn't be this big at such an early stage. i'm excited to be a mother and so i hate to question it now but i'm feeling discouraged. is it possible that i'm not pregnant?
i am having major muscle spasms in my lower back. i have been diagnosed with sciatica?
while admitted in hospital my amylase and lipase percentage has been  time the normal range?
is there such thing as supplement that only digest in intestine only? . in a talk i went to the presenter told me that the supplement which is a live stemcell (purtier riway) is specially made so that it will only start to break out and being absorb by the body in the intestine which through the technologies use to encapsule the live stem cell would prevent it from being dissolve by the stomach acid and later being release in the intestine so that the unharmed live stem cell to be absorb by the body and not kill by the stomach acid.
what are the risks of epilepsy surgery?
what are the best kinds of moisturizers for dry itchy skin?
what is the medical name for a brain tumor?
is it possible that one could get pregnant by having uprotected sex after  days
can pelvic inflammatory disease cause infertility?
pain on the right side form lower back to abdomen hurts to walk and sit should i go to the doctors. not vomiting but have a lot of gas and loose stool and fever of  to  somtimes
tumors on the liver. feet swelling itching nausea right side pain diarehea voice changed  years old weakness muscle mass loss  months and getting worse
what is wrong with my body?
urinating takes  to  minutes at night time. when i wake up at night and lately it has been about three times it takes me  to  minutes to finish i go at first pretty well then i know i still have to go so i stand there and try finally it comes then it goes once or twice more. could it be my drugs wrong ones not enough of the ones i am taking or too much of the ones i am taking. it is very discouraging.
two of my wisdom teeth are impacted. is it better to remove?
i came down with acute viral myocarditis doctors say its due to anxiety. need  opinion?
are there any over-the-counter energy pills?
suffering really bad conjunctivitis
what is heart failure?
dx hypothyroidism after unintended weight loss rx levothyroxine. hi after months of feeling sick- flulike and other symptoms that continued to get worse went to my gp march  he ran several test and after abdominal ct scan revealed kidney cyst but he said that will resolve but i do have some hypothyroidism that was decided on april . . i'm not terribly concerned about weight as long as my clothes still fit but noticed since march  before dx i weighed a little over . lbs and before meds . i always wear light weight dress would this be normal?
i was bitten by a spider on the inside of my forearm and now it is very swollen red and painful. will benadryl help?
how can i tell if anxiety or stress is the reason for my insomnia?
please answer now! . fluids splash into my nose sometimes while drinking drinks shower or something. please reassure me that it won't cause dry or secondary drowning.
my wife weighs  she only eats about  calories a day and excercises. why can't she lose weight? . . my wife is   tall weighs  and is a size - in pants sizes. she only eats about  calories a day and exercises about + minutes a day burning - calories. she has been doing this for about  months and hasn't lost any weight. she has been diagnosed with ibs. she also has be test for hypothyroids and was negative. . .
am i a high-risk pregnancy because i have hashimoto's disease?
should i continue prenatal vitamins while breastfeeding?
mri for fibromyalgia?
is breaking out in a rash a side effect of amoxicillin or an allergic reaction. my  month old broke out in a rash after  days of using amoxicillin for an ear infection. doctor said it was a side effect i just want to make sure cause my sister has a high allergy to amoxicillin.
slept with a girl in feb  never again after that and she got pregnant. and she got pregnant in /(? ) with her new boyfriend sometime in march  and her boy in / with someone else. i all of a sudden got paranoid last week if the boy could possibly be mine in any possible way(resembled me a bit but i have had no relations whatsoever since feb  onwards)? i have not spoken to her or touched her etc. i was just wondering if there can be any possibility(i hope not) please be honest. thanks!
what if i get a severe reaction to milk because of my casein allergy?
penis discharge. hello . since a while i have penis discharge specially after peeing or orgasm. i went to a urologist and after a bunch of std test he came back telling i have no std. on the other hand he diagnosed a prostatitis. gave me antibiotic but it seems to be happening again. can it be anything else? is it a chronic disease? . thx
i had a skin cancer removed from my left jaw/cheek in march. i developed a numbness in that area. . i now have the same type numbness on the left side of my tongue. should i be concerned?
how long does the morning after pill stay in my system? . i took the morning after pill wednesday after the condom broke on tuesday night and now it is friday and the condom broke again do i need to take another pill or is the one from wednesday in my system a short enough amount of time that i wont need another one?
why would my doctor order a chest xray when testing for allergy?
i started getting a pulsing and gnawing sensation in my upper right abdomen?
father had brachytherapy while while wife was pregnant can child born with autism?
diabetic man had leg injury antibiotics not working?
can u transmitt chlamydia thru sharing a toilet or sharing a bath? my child often bathe with me.
how can ulcerative colitis be prevented?
i had a disc removed ( ) pain in my lower back has never improved?
for the past week now my heart has been pounding really non stop
can a round object travel up from your rectum into your colon and get stuck?
if i cook while i have a cold can others catch my cold by eating the food?
i am  days late home pregnancy test said i was not pregnant what does this mean. still dont have my preiod. i am having lots of cramps but no bleeding. my period was to come on july .
a girl i have been dating told me she has hpv. are my risks any greater with her than the general population? . we have not had sex. i guess she had some warts and they have gone away without recurrence for at least  or so years. . she is telling me it is no big deal. given the stats i wonder if my risks any greater with her than the general population. . i am in the process of divorcing and i logically know this will not be a lifelong thing with the new girl.
i have health insurance through a small business that will end in november . i've been advised that i can wait until that ends before i have to enroll in the exchange program. is this true? also any idea if there will be hsa eligible policies through the exchange?
how much biotin should i take to loose weight? . i have a back injury so i need something that will help me loose weight.
i had protected sex condom never broke i checked. periods are irregular and im crampy. start around new moon. next-. boyfriend and i had protected sex. condoms had spermicide and i made him pull out when he felt close to climax even with the condom on. i have irregular periods weather has been weird and i'm stressed. i start close to new moons- next one is feb . i have been crampy and bloated which i always am before i start my period. he was told by his doctor he may have low sperm count or be sterile and he only slipped inside to see how it felt. used condom before anything else. no pregnancy symptoms
my mouth stinks very badly. what shall i do?
what is normal weight gain for a baby's first month of life?
i developed breathing difficulties approx  years ago which have worsened daily since?
what are common warts?
i know this is a dumb question but im gonna ask it anyways. can i still ovulate if my tubes are tied cut and burnt? . my last period was december  until the  when its normally  days and i had my tubes tied and clamped before and i still got pregnant. im just worried because i cant carry a baby that long
what should a pregnancy exercise program consist of?
dr says no lifting or bending and minimal walking. what exercises can i do with those limitations? . my symptoms include acute pain in my lower right quadrant rectal bleeding nausea and dizziness. i have been on light duties described since late december and have been experiencing symptoms since july. they are unsure what is causing my symptoms and i have had many tests and a colonoscopy. there is no end in sight as of yet but i feel being overweight may be a part of why i feel so much pain.
bug bites but never see a bug. not bedbugs. cause swelling itching redness heat to bite and hardness to area?
fell down cracked head – arms and legs now feeling numb?
could i get pregnant from dry humping in my underwear and he came? . i just have a quick question. about  weeks ago my boyfriend stayed over the night and we were grinding/dry humping on each other when we were in our underwear. he came but he pulled away beforehand and my underwear did not appear to be wet on the outside. i did get my period two weeks later and i am on the pill however sometimes i take it a couple of hours late but i do take it daily and i have never missed a pill. i was just wondering if there is any chance that i could be pregnant?
why do some warts have black dots in them?
i am  weeks pregnant and have a sore throat. i would like to know if using cough drops would be safe.
can an estrogen pill cause kidney stones?
my daughters husband took prescription prenatal vitamins on accident. is this dangerous?
i acquired methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus (mrsa) while in hospital?
i had mastoiditis yellowish brownish color of drainage and blood coming out of ear?
i sometimes feel a mild discomfort under my left brest into my shoulder what could this be? . i have not had a problem with high blood pressure in the past but the last time i had it checked it was /. i am diabetic and over weight. i smoke and am  years old. recently i have been getting dizzy and light headed. when i went to the dr. about this they said it was vertigo. . a lot of the time when i have the discomfort i feel the need to belch. i am worried. please advise.
i have major sore throat headache coughing mucus wheezing while breathing sinuses nausea vomiting and runny nose and watering mouth?
i will retire this year at . my income will drop from $  a year to $ . my current employer offers a health insurance plan similar to the silver plan for $/month. can i save money by opting out of the employer plan and opting into the aca plan? what are my options? also is there a maximum out-of-pocket amount for the aca plans?
belly button popped out. lump has appeared above belly button sometimes pain sometimes not. gets hard sometimes. when the lump gets hard it is painful. not sharp pains but steady. sometimes i feel nausous as well.
if i go to a dr and tell them i need to quit cocaine cold turkey will they call cops or force me into rehab or something. i just realized i let coke take over and went hard in the paint over the last  days. i need to quit no tapering just be done. but i know it will hurt in many different ways. if i go to a walk-in clinic or a dr will they call the cops or force me into rehab or something like that becausei cannot have either of those happen.
my problem is dry eyes eye drops and tear duct plugs dont work need solution?
how do doctors diagnose osteoarthritis?
"can putting alcohol injections into the eye permanently stop ""optic nerve"" headaches?"
what is delta hepatitis?
 yr old no periods in  yrs but very anemic would anemia cause my nipples to hurt worse than ever before in my life?
which antidepressants are safe to take during pregnancy?
does sweating remove toxins from the body? . hey i am a healthy young male and i have recently gotten into a funk. headaches queasy stomach and diarrhea are my most prominent symptoms. i know my body is fighting an infection of some kind and i was wondering if sweating (via light exercise) could help release some of the toxins in my body. thank you for your help.
kindly advise regarding my chest pain as the test results are normal.
can the viral pinkeye cause blindness? . can the viral pinkeye cause blindness?
why should i do kegels?
penis discharge. hello . since a while i have penis discharge specially after peeing or orgasm. i went to a urologist and after a bunch of std test he came back telling i have no std. on the other hand he diagnosed a prostatitis. gave me antibiotic but it seems to be happening again. can it be anything else? is it a chronic disease? . thx
what foods can i eat to keep my liver healthy. i have hep c and would like to know what foods i can eat to help my liver.
what is the second trimester (week  to week <positive_smiley> of pregnancy?
how does one wean off blood pressure med. my doctor will not refill my prescription. he wont refill my scrip. he wants to see me. i cant get in to see him until mar  . i have  pillsleft
when do mongolian spots on a baby begin to fade?
does a migraine always include pain or can you just have light sensitivity?
lump in armit and top of breast. i found a lump in my left armpit it is very painful i also have a lump of some sort in the top portion of my left breast basically under collar bone. i had a sterotatic biopsy of my right breast and aspiration of my left breast  months ago; i was told everything was clean. i went to my gp and he wasn't at all concerned; had routine blood work and that was normal. should i make appt with gyn or just wait and see if it goes away. the pain when i press my arm against my breast is very strong.
does fuzeon cure hiv and aids?
can burning/itching around the vagina and clitoris be signs of pregnancy? . i've been having burning itching around my vagina as well as some pain on my clitoris. i've been fairly sexually active (with my husband) this month and i'm wondering if this is a possible yeast infection or could it be signs of pregnancy. the vaginal screening test came back as a ph of . . background: we've had sex nearly every day this month (only  off). sometimes more than once a day. i'm around  days after my ovulation time according to a chart i use. we did have sex during that time.
my daughter had a gastroenteritis bug?
at what age does an unborn baby begin to experience any human related mental emotions/awareness/physical feelings? . can you please state sources and research that helped you in the conclusion of your answer. . thank you very much!
am i pregnant? . my last period was on march   i have a  day cycle and i'm due for my next period on april  . on monday april  i started spotting it was very light and only a couple of drops. i was quite excited because this is one sign that i could possibly be pregnant of course super excited to find out if i am pregnant i rushed to the store on monday and got the ept pregnancy test but it came out negative. could i still pregnant? did i take the test to soon?
i have bronchitis. am i better of wintering in florida or in ny?
is there a benefit to taking both aircept and namenda for alzheimer's?
how come when i do cocaine smoke smell bothers me. my friends and parents smoke and it doesn't seem to bother me as soon as i do cocaine and smell cocaine i throw up. why?
my father diagnosed with stomach cancer is not treatable please advise?
does dehydration cause burning in the penis and the folds of? . burning at the tip of the penis and the folds of the skin
should i change my diet to reduce my risk of getting colon cancer?
i have a full thickness tear in the supraspinatous tendon with  mm retraction. do i have to have surgery?
my son got a scrape on his elbow. there appears to be a rash where the bandage was. could this be an allergic reaction? . at first they were just bumps but now they appear white almost puss like. i do not know what type of bandage was used since this happened at school.
what is a transient ischemic attack and how would i know if i was having this type of attack?
is it better for a type ii diabetic to eat corn or bread stuffing?
how does the game phone assist in team building exercise? . how can the game telephone assist in in team effectiveness team development activities cooperation and communication interaction and what're its gains.
how real is the threat of suicide in bipolar disorder -- and what can be done to reduce the risk?
can ringworm virus give someone shingles?
i have had discomfort in my throat for - months. . the pain comes and goes and i feel a tightness in my throat. my platelet counts are low. my throat feels tight. what is this?
does hernia caouse infertility? . hey there! i have hernia. there is pain in my scrotum. does it cause to infertility.?
can i conceive with adenomyosis?
my bf had inguinal hernia surgery  months ago. since then he is not able to have an erection. is this normal?
what i do about a reaction to effexor? . body tremors migraine headache can't eat brain fog can't go to work.
i suffer fromswollen lymph nodes joint pain ringing in my ears is it rheumatic heart disease?
will xanax help with my stress. i am so stressed out i feel sick cant sleep cold sweats my neck burns my face is hot and i dont know what to do.
i have abdominal pain hallucinations arm pain leg pain and shaking?
how is aids diagnosed?
my husband takes hctz and lisinopril for high blood pressure. he had his wisdom teeth taken out. can he take ibuprofen?
pregnant? . my partner and i have been sexually active and we became worried that she might be pregnant. when she was about  days late we took  pregnancy tests that evening which both came out negative and took one the next morning with her first urination which also came out negative. we just want to ask how accurate these home pregnancy tests are (we followed the directions exactly to the letter) and whether or not we should still be worried. she's about  weeks late still has not had her period.
i'm an -year-old man with a severe scalp problem; scales that are moving down to my face. do you have any suggestions? . my dermatologist tried using a procedure that was very cold. but the situation has gotten worse. this problem runs in my family so it may be a genetic thing.
cancer of lymph nodes with bowel blockage doctor says too dangerous to operate?
what illnesses often co-exist with bipolar disorder?
if an -year-old has a cold can she get the flumist vaccine?
does stress cause hair loss
can i get pregnant a week after the really really fertile day
hit in an arm repaired with plates from fractures  years ago. it doesn't hurt but aches with weight. plate damaged? . i had  fractures in my humerus and it was repaired with a stainless steel plate and  screws. the collision was on the side opposite the plate. i was in tremendous pain right after the collision but it mostly subsided within  minutes. there is no bruising or swelling i have full range of motion and have no problem lifting things straight up. however there is a somewhat constant ache and pain when i lift to the side. also there's pain if i try to lift a lot (ex.  pushups).
what is the new food plate?
every time i eat i throw up and i have lost like  pounds and in the last week i have lost  pounds. what can i do?
i had a lung collapse and a severe asthma reaction  years later relapse with asthmatic exasperation?
i'm pregnant and have a severe tooth ache is it safe for me to use clove oil?
i am getting erectile dysfunction as a side effect of dutasteride. please help.
can i switch from vicodin to advil without waiting for the vicodin to clear my system? . i have shingles (yes i had the shot too) have been taking acyclovir and vicodin. the vic didn't kill the pain so i been adding  advil. after  days my feet started swelling and i was worried about my kidneys. i read that acy shouldn't be taken with advil so i stopped the adivil  days ago. swelling didn't decrease i stopped the acy about  hrs. ago still no change in the swelling. i've decided to stop the vic - and stick with  mg. advil.
what is sinemet for parkinson's disease?
i have brown-orange urine for a year how can i cure it?
my  year old son eats hot sauce on everything. he also loves jalapeno peppers. is this bad for him?
can i give my  year old daughter childrens claritin and a decongestion med within  hours of each other? . the decongestion medicine in a prescription medicine that was given to her for congestion problems in the past. but i'm not sure if her stuffy nose and cough is now from pollen and seasonal allergies
what are the symptoms of false pregnancy?
what causes a searing moving pain throughout my thighs and calfs when sleeping. it's after an hour on the eliptical. i have chronic leg cramps overnight especially in my right foot where i have hardware from a broken ankle. occasionally the cramps turn into a searing moving pain that travels through the muscles making it impossible to stand and walk the cramps out. it must be from dehydration after exercise although i do drink powerade zero throughout my workout and at least  of water at night.
i wake myself up at night i feel myself pausing on my breath then breathing again
i need a home remedy for heartburn.
i have or think i have bacterial vaginosis when should i contact my doctor?
i have short urinary tract (yuretra) and also burning in urinary tract. what medicine is good?
 year old male and want to stop masturbating. have gone  days before i gave in. i know it's because of puberty. i know it's normal to feel guilty and such but i just don't like to or want to anymore. i'm pretty lonely as well and don't hang out with friends because i have anxiety and have masturbated for  years
i understand $  is the income limit for a family of four to qualify for health insurance subsidies. but when i use the various calculators to figure the credit i am learning i do not qualify. my husband and i together will have a magi of about $ . why do i not qualify?
can a female human get pregnant from a horse? . i do not think i am pregnant with a horse's baby but could this even happen?
how long does it usually take for stitches to fall out?
my  yr old has been coughing over  months. been to dr  times; antobiotics cough syrup. no sleep. what should i do? . she will be  end of december. weighs about  pounds. coughs % of the day. irritating for her and even those around her. cant go to sleep and when she finally does she wakes up several times during the night. been on  antibiotics for sinus infection in past - months. been through  prescription cough syrups as well as  otc cough medicines two of which are all natural (honey). also placed on singulair which didnt do anything.
the upper teeth of my  year old are pushing out due to the constant use of a pacefier. how will we correct that?
are eye vitamins such as i caps for age related eye disease beneficial? . i am currently receiving injections in my eye due to macular degeneration. taking eye vitamins at this time seems rediculious to me. can you give me any information about this?
i have varicoceles a low sperm count reluctant to get in a relationship with this problem?
me and my daughter just might have ate bad meat what could happen
when do you need to see a doctor about warts?
what is fluoroscopy?
could you provide a few links to the major studies showing excessive saturated fat is unhealthy? . this website and the american heart association continue to recommend a diet low in saturated fat. but the current buzz on the internet is that there is really little evidence for that position. in fact france eats a diet high in saturated fat yet has a low rate of deaths from heart disease (<link> <link> ). can i see links to the original studies showing sf is harmful?
i havent had a period for  months?
what is internal radiation for colorectal cancer?
what are the odds my husband gets the same cancer his siter died of and his brother now has?
can i ask my teen to see if she has been cutting? . m
can you take probiotics and fiber supplements concurrently?
i'm newly diagnosed with parkinson's disease. what general information can you provide about living with this disease?
i take coreg for high blood pressure and read that  deaths were attributed to it in . should i be concerned?
what's the major difference between cfc and hfa inhalers?
how can a pinch nerve in the back be treated?
 year old girl with delayed milestones (speech) and convulsions what can we do?
will plan b work if you take half the pill? . he didn't cum inside but i'm worried about the pre cum. the sex was unprotected and i see there is a chance you can get pregnant from pre cum. since it's such a small amount what are the chances half a dose would help block the sperm if any that was in his pre.
can i give my  old  boy mortin and allegra togeather? . low grade fever and cough
i had a abortion  weeks ago and still havent got my period. i had unprotected sex  weeks ago. he didnt cum could i still have gotten pregnant?
how long can herpes stay in your system before an outbreak? years? . been married for  / years no infidelity but he's not my first. is it possible to have contracted the virus that long ago and not have an outbreak until today?
i have no fever but my skin feels hot. what does that mean? . this usally happens mid day and what happens is the core of my body gets hot. my skin is hot to the touch and i feel as though the sun is shining from the inside of my body outwards. it is very frusterating because no matter if i turn the ac on or run ice over my skin in a few minutes the same inner hot feeling comes back.
i have a fracture on my left hand finger while i was playing football?
what can i do to treat pneumonia at home?
what can you do for  degree burn from hot liquid? soup. i was making myself soup slipped and spilled hot broth on myself.
i am  days late for my monthly period. ive taken a couple of hpt (home pregnancy tests) but all came back negative.
i have been using minoxidil lotion on my scalp prescribed by a hair loss clinic im now very worried that im going to have a heart attack?
what exams and tests help doctors to evaluate or test people for ringworm of the skin?
postpartum depression? maybe? . hi there. i had my child  months ago and we live in a different state with no family or friends--husband works alot. i am always so unmotivated. and sad. i would never think or have feelings about hurting myself or others but i just want to get out of this groove. i love my kids and feel no way as if i can not take care of them i miss family and do not hang out with many people these days and also dont exersize i eat fine not too much not to little. can you please let me know any suggestions!?
could i or the person i'm with be infertile? . i been with my boyfriend for almost  years i'm a college age student and along time ago we discovered i was allergic to latex. anyways i didn't have any form of birth control for like the first two years we were having sex. (now i been on birth control for almost two years now) yes i got tested all the time but never got pregnant. i have regular periods and i been with the same guy all along. i want kids in the future (not right now) so what's the chances of being infertile?
i had important surgery to remove appendix may have intestinal adhesion problem need second opinion before surgery?
i woke up with back and shoulder pain that spread to my arm only my arm feels strange now should i see a doctor? . i woke up this morning with upper back and shoulder pain. i tried taking ibuprofin and using a heating pad but the pain continued and my arm began hurting as well. i took some bendryl so that i could sleep despite the pain. when i woke up i felt much better but my arm continues to feel strange- very mild pain and some tingliness. i am wondering whether i should see my doctor about this or just see what happens?
i missed two periods and took hpt and came out negative and havent got any pregnancy symptons what can be wrong?
what happens if you have type  diabetes and epilepsy and become pregnant? how severe are the health risks? . i heard that death during pregnancy is very likely. is this true?
i have a problem w/urgency to pee when i say urgent i mean now. i pee a lot when i do. urine is clear
why am i going from comfortable to cold to sweating throughout the day. . i was diagnosed with pneumonia over a week ago. i had ivs and shots. then i was diagnosed with a virus on top of pneumonia a week later. i had more ivs and shots. i went back a day later for more ivs and shots and was diagnosed with the flu on top of pneumonia. one to two days after i was diagnosed with pneumonia i would go to bed cold wake up sweating like never before. i have been told that my extremities (feet and hands are freezing and clammy) but yet i am burning up.
does the aca now allow supplemental insurance policies to be purchased by people covered by medicare disability?
i have a skin tag/mole on my face that bothers me. i have heard that i can remove it using dental floss. is this true?
are there otc medication for hypertension?
what should i expect during week  of my pregnancy?
does covering my vagina with toilet paper and sleeping with it there help or hurt my chance of prenancy?
does cpap mask need to be washed every day?
will weed show in a follicle test  years after the last time its been used? the sample was taken from my leg.
how is portal hypertension diagnosed?
is tendinits and arthritist the same
i am on a high dose of opiates for orthopedic pain. will doctor consider prescribing adderall to help with somnolence? . my foot connects to ankle only by tibia and i have chronic ostiomeylitis so i cannot have more surgeries. i am on  morphine and  oxycodone daily. my pain is severe. want to combat the somnolence and live life. will doctor consider adderall? will they think i am drug seeking if i ask? what options are there to deal with pain and not sleep so much. i have tolerance to opiates so lowering dose just makes me bed ridden due to pain.
what is the difference between carcinoma and melanoma
my year-old recently had a reaction to peanut butter. are more kids are getting peanut allergies because of vaccines?
should i worry that when i sneeze i have a deep hard sneeze that leaves my chest hurting?
what conditions does cold and flu treat?
im  weeks pregnant and i had a sharp pain under my left breast. the deeper i breathe the painful it gets. what is it?
brown bloody discharge am i pregnant? . hi there . for the past few days i've noticed a brown bloody discharge on my underpants and when i wipe. i'm on birth control and have been for over a year i have unprotected sex with my partner also. i have skipped my past two periods but i am not due for my next period for another two weeks. so i'm just wondering what this is from. am i pregnant? your help is greatly appreciated!
i'm a  yr old woman and have not gotten my period for  months what do you think i should do
what causes deep sinking feeling from chest in heart area through to the back with nausea? i am  female. myglogsb
if i'm using the correct acne treatment (for me) should i still be having breakouts about every other week? . i'm wondering if i should go to a dermatologist or if something over the counter will work for my breakouts. my products seem to clear my skin up for about a week then i'll be all broken out and covered in pimples the following week. i'm really just wondering if i need a different product or if this every other week break out is normal and expected. thanks
chronic mucus head cold symptoms since /?
my problem is i am always feeling fatigued in the late afternoon and evening as if i am ready to fall asleep?
i was hospitalized a month ago for a severe kidney infection nothing helped what should i do next?
what medications and treatments are available to treat bacterial vaginosis?
my girl n i had protected sex late in the middle of her cycle. last p was aug  or so could she be pregnant or missed p? .  days after sex she told me she had a little bit of spotting could it be inplantation spotting? . we have always used protection.
on october  i applied for health insurance coverage through the healthcare. gov phone line. i just called to see why i have not received a letter regarding whether i qualify but they said they cannot tell me anything. should i just apply again?
my  year old son is the size of an  year old and hasnt grown in  years. what could be causing this?
how soon after getting the depo shot does work if received after period ended? and can you get pregnant? . i got the shot the day after i stopped my period.
what can i do to improve the appearance of wrinkles on my hands?
should your weeks pregnant and time you had sex match up. i had sex february  and i'm now  weeks and  about to be  days should that be around the time i became pregnant?
severe vaginal itching gynecologist prescribed clobetasol with no real results?
should someone who previously suffered from gbs get a flu vaccine? . i was given information related to a parent that had once had gbs as a child that she should not receive flu vaccines. is this an accurate order? . is the risk of 'reaction' too great to even consider this?
im + weeks pregnant have had multiple kidney and urine infections in pain?
why would my rectum be bleeding. its been bleeding fo ab a mounth ive seen my fam doctor and she has assigned me a dr but its bleeding more i have pain and burning in my side and stomhic and rutcem and the cream they gave me doesn't work what should i do
why would a  years old boys prostate be enlarged?
brown bloody discharge am i pregnant? . hi there . for the past few days i've noticed a brown bloody discharge on my underpants and when i wipe. i'm on birth control and have been for over a year i have unprotected sex with my partner also. i have skipped my past two periods but i am not due for my next period for another two weeks. so i'm just wondering what this is from. am i pregnant? your help is greatly appreciated!
are there any health related issues later on in life for preemies? i was  born in 
what exercises should be avoided during pregnancy?
is excessive sweating during excercise harmful.?
can marijuana alter a blood test for inflammation
what are complex migrains. i had an incident at work where my right arm went numb i had problem speaking for a few seconds and felt like i might faint. i was in the hospital for  days undergoing stroke tests. i was diagnosed with complex migrains and was told that it produces stroke symptoms. what exactly or as close as i can get is a complex migraine and how can i treat it without medication?
im recently diagnosed with add. my doctor prescribed straterra but i see its used for adhd. is this right for me?
can you get shingles even if you 'do not' touch the infected area or person?
how long afrer sex does a pregnancy test show positvie? . we had sex on like august  or  i took a pregnancy test september  and got a positive result took another on september  it was positive then another september  it was positive. is it possible to be pregnant only  weeks after sex?
can colon cancer cause the inability to achieve or maintain an erction?
do i need to get medical treatment for a broken big toe? . dropped a large glass bottle on my big toe five days ago almost certain it's broken but how necessary is it too go to a doctor? . i'm currently traveling around europe (in croatia now) so finding a doctor may be hard. the toe is swollen bruised and the joint doesn't move much. the real concern to me is that there's a spot just below the knuckle that feels like there's bone closer to the surface than it ought to be bruising also appears to be spreading. doctor or no doctor?
i blowjob her and insert my toung in any chance she get infected from bacteria of mouth/breath? . we both are healthy and without any std. should i only lick on her lips(over vagina and clitoris) rather inserting tounge to avoid spreading any kind of infection to her? . also is there any harm if swallow the juice from her? or if she swallow from me?
what are some tips for dealing with skin that is dry in some places and oily in others?
are eggs allowed in a lactose free diet?
i have a nasal cyst which is caused by my teeth i cant really breath?
what kind of exercise can help reduce weight after menopause?
i am a retired administrator drawing ss pension and state retirement (total agi $ in ). i am separated (not legally) from my wife (we live in separate homes) filing married but separate irs for the past five years. my wife has no insurance coverage and is  years of age. i had her covered by humana on my cobra until september  but they declined to cover her under new policy at that time presumably due to a pre-existing condition. how do i get her covered and what premium cost should i expect to pay?
will extraction on a teenager's face leave permanent scars?
tests show high levels of creatinine calcium potassium sodium magnesium and phosphorus?
what are my risk since my mother has been diagnosed with breast cancer? . i am a  yr old female with a history of melanoma and cervical cancer.
does your heart stop when you sneeze?
suffering from involuntary movements spasms doctors dont know what is wrong?
what is arthropathy?
i recently got lasik surgery now vision is blurry and cant see fine print?
if there is no blood flow to the head what can be done for an  years old patient?
i have a  year old son that constantly poops after eating. i don't know what is going on but he's always been like that we have told doctors but they don't take it as serious so is this normal. it doesn't seem to me like it is. could this have any other health issues realated could it cause him to have seizure or anything like that or is he eating to much. he's not overweight. he's ' 
my partner had sex with someone with herpes they had no skin to skin contact but used a strap on could she have it. ? . she said she used toy cleaner and doesn't have an outbreak
i had a sinus infection that turned into headaches migraine and dizziness?
my cats been crawling wont lay down low appitiete sad meowing her bottom seems tense has diarrhrea what could be wrong. i have two cats one has diarrhea not sure which but one of my cats named trippy has these episodes where she crawls and won't walk. she will rub herself against the wall meow sadly and won't eat that much. she is still lovable but seems less interested. can someone please help me. could this be round worms or something much worse?
pinkeye. i have gotten pinkeye  times in the last year and a half. before that i can't remember the last time i had it. it only occurs in my left eye and no one (i know) has ever gotten it from me. i've been to the doctor for it and they keep telling me its just pinkeye and its probably not bacterial and i'll be okay. but it keeps coming back and its really bothersome.
how long after you begin antibiotic treatment for pneumonia are you no longer contagious?
"alzheimer's disease late stage blood in stool part of normal alz disease process or something else? . mom  late stage alzheimers on home hospice. in the past week she has had increasing amounts of blood and mucus in stool. she has been treated long-term with antibiotics for recurring uti and was hospitalized  weeks ago after hip pinning surgery. at first glance i thought c dif but no frequent diarrhea! i am asking for clarification as to why ""symptom checker"". came up with alzheimer's. are blood and mucus in stool just part of normal disease progression in alz?"
should i avoid folic acid during mthfr pregnancy?
gaslike pain. ultrasound neg  hida scan = .  endoscopy = esp gastritis hiatal hernia doc wants  remove gb? . the pain comes on so randomly at different times. it feels like gas multiplied by . diagnosed with esophagitis gastritis and a hiatal hernia. the doctor thinks that it will resolve itself if the gallbladder is removed. can anything else cause these symptoms or do you think it's the result of the gallbladder not functioning properly?
does motrin affect birth control pills effectiveness. is it safe to take motrin while on birth control pills? i am taking tri-sprintec. i just want to know that it won't mess with how effective the pills are. thanks!
i have metastatic stage  gastrointestinal cancer want to try hemp oil or cannabis oil?
how is chlamydia diagnosed?
can a child die from a uti? . my daughter had a uti because she wasn't wiping correctly her fever was .  we took to the hospital because she seemed like she was in pain every time she had to pee. they told us she had a uti and they treated her and she is home after  days of antibiotic in the hospital.
why do my right arm and hand keep going numb everyday? . i wake up several times during the night with my entire right arm and hand numb. it will continue to be tingly throughout the day even with very minimal use. i will find my fingers going cold and almost useless even holding a hot cup of coffee. it doesn't seem to matter what position i sleep in or if my arm is raised above or below my heart. what is causing this and is there anything i should be concerned about?
my son is experiencing stinging when urinating not uti please advise?
my problem is i am always feeling fatigued in the late afternoon and evening as if i am ready to fall asleep?
i'm  and my periods are irregular is it possible for me to get pregnant?
can acid reflux disease be treated with diet and lifestyle changes?
what causes bloody noses in a preschooler? it's always from her left nostril. . she's not picking at it. it just starts bleeding. and there is usually blood in her mouth as well.
how is rash with molluscum contagiosum treated?
do you need antibiotics to cure strep throat. my son has it and maybe i get it. does an adult need antibiotics to cure strep throat or can you treat it like a normal cold?
can i give my  year old hylands baby cough syrup and then bynadryl a few hours later for her runny nose and sneezing?
i am feeling pain after root canal treatment. why?
my babys arms measure  weeks behind and her legs  weeks behind?
is there a product that will tighten up sagging and loose skin under the chin and jaw? is thermage effective?
does stress cause gray hair? . i'm  years old and noticed within the past two years i've been going getting more grey hairs. i have been under a decent amount if stress the past year.
i am diagnosed epileptic and asthmatic ive been troubled with extreme fatigue
possible stds by deep kissing unprotected oral sex and protected vaginal sex. hello . i am  years old sexually active male with women.  months ago i decided to get married and wedding is in december. i had unprotected oral and protected vaginal sex in april before i decided to get married. then i recently had my bachelor party in september and i had unprotected oral sex only. which stds i should get tested for and what would be the window period for each one of them? . i am really scared having super anxiety as there are other lives involved now. please help. . thanks
are tylenol pm or nyquil safe to take with prescription meds?
what medications are used to treat arrhythmias?
is it dangerous for a woman to use birth control over age ? . i had an endometrial ablation  ago and have had no period. i am wondering if and what type of birth control is safer without the male partner having to use a condom. i am  old and my partner is much younger. i do not want a pill to cause me to have a period again.
i have hashimotos. am i going to have heart problems within few years?
hsv  tested negative  yrs ago i am not sexually active in any way is there any posibility it will test positive now. recently found a very sm bump near where my pee comes out. when i pee it makes it hurt not burn or itch. it doesn't burn or itch at all. is it still possible to be genital herpes. i tested negative for that  yrs ago and have not been sexually active in any way for yrs and yrs but did test positive for hsv . had a sm cluster of sores in my mouth. took med dr gave me and it went away and have not had any problems since then.
fingertips have been wrinkly like a bath when touched will keep the indentation mark feel sensitive and a bit tingly. my fingertips have been wrinkly (like from being in a bath) for a while. when touched will keep the indentation mark instead of springing back to a nice plump finger shape. they have also started to feel sensitive and a bit tingly lately. what could this be?
what to do in anxiety attack. i have the same issue. i'm scared to do anything. i had a car accedient  weeks after my son was born. i was ok for awhile but this just took over my body. i don't like this feeling and i have been on lorazapam. it helped but is that how i want to live my life? i have been to er and they have given me moraphine. that was ok.
heart rhythm disorder. my discharge papers says to get help if: you notice a change in speed rhythm or strength of your heartbeat. you suddenly begin peeing (urinating) more often. you get tired more easily when moving or exercising. i had my meds changed for this to a stronger mg on wednesday. today is friday. i am having rapid fluttering heartbeat and am peeing more often and lots more each time. should i be worried?
i have hyperpigmentation around my mouth for ten years is this curable?
what else causes symptoms similar to pregnancy? . i got a tubal ligation  years ago. my period is - days late breasts are tender and i've been experiencing almost constant nausea for the last six days. home pregnancy test is negative. what's wrong with me?
ive been using ssri (selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors)throughout my life i feel my sense of taste is altered?
can i take vicodin if i have had gastric bypass surgery?
what causes black poop. i had the stomach flu for  days with vomiting and black diarhia i have been better for  days however i took pepto bismal for stomach ache yesterday. today i had a bowel movement and it was still liquid and black. could this be just the infection coming out or is it something more?
i was diagnosed with rp retinitis pigmentosa i need your help because i dont want to go blind?
"i just want to feel okay with feeling okay. i have been ""diagnosed"" with generalized anxiety derealization i think i have depression. for about  years now it has been a real real struggle. over the years i have been on different meds and have coping skills to help ""manage"" it. now  years old i feel pretty alright. month by month i feel closer to the person i was  years ago. why do i feel guilty for feeling alright. for some reason i feel like i'm not allowed to feel good because i have these diagnoses. does that make sense?"
after giving me a blowjob my gf found a cold sore. is there a drug to reduce the chance that i'll get genital herpes? . after giving me a blowjob my girlfriend found a cold sore. the sore was very early stage and barely visible.  hours later it is still barely visible. . is there a drug i can take to prevent or reduce the chance or contracting genital herpes? . please help.
if a child has had polio vaccine at   and  would getting ipv at  mths harm the child? . the child also recieved ditheria and pertusis shots at the same time. are there any side effects from getiing the  shot prior to her  birthday?
i had mono when i was younger so i guess i still have the epstein barr virus. could that have caused my pleurisy? . i was recently admitted to the er for severe stabbing neck and chest pains and extreme shortness of breath. all tests came back normal. the diagnosis became possible pleurisy. but i didn't get a whole lot of answers about what could have caused it. the dr did ask if i had ever had mono and i said yes but then he changed the topic. so i did research and saw on some pages that epstein barr virus could cause pleurisy. is this true/likely? . thanks!
does insurance cover the cost of dentures?
i am thinking of taking a hangover prevention pill. just wondering if these work?
if i use oil when i cook does it really matter what kinds i use?
is mupirocin used for poison ivy
i was given cephalexin  in capsules. can i open the capsules and put the powder in pudding to consume? . i have trouble swallowing pills.
how not to ejaculate too fast. i am a man of . when i am having sex i ejaculate too fast. it last about  to  minutes. how can i fight the problem?
i had ovarian cancer and reflux surgery i still deal with constant nausea. i can barely eat and i am unable to live life and go anywhere?
is smoke food (fish meat) not health for people over . thank's. edward
my  year old son lost his adderall and can't get a replacement for  days. is there an over the counter alternative? . my son got his new monthly prescription two days ago and inadvertently threw the bottle away thinking the bag it was in was empty. he will not be able to get his monthly dosage until his next appointment in  days. is there a safe over the counter alternative he can use which at the least will help to lessen the focus and concentration issues that will inevitably arise. thank you for any guidance you can give.
i have athletes foot on the hands and feet or eczema?
nurse prescribed  days of cefdinir had terrible drug reaction how can i stop this?
can a cold make you have plghem. i keep coughing with huge glops of plghem coming up. i'm not a smoker.
what medications and treatments are available to treat celiac disease?
i wish to get pregnant but i am in contact with a person with cytomegalovirus (cmv) infection?
shall i use mtp kit as my last period was before  days?
can a girl get pregnant without having sex? . i was on a date with my girlfriend and we were making out and things got steamy. i got up to go to the restroom and to my surprise i had ejaculated in my pants. i cleaned up as much as i could: wiped with toilet paper and washed my hands thoroughly with soap and warm water. we then continued to cuddle and whatnot. then about  hours after that little episode i took her home. there was no sexual intercourse. i know this is a silly question but i'm just paranoid about her getting pregnant.
slept on ear and now i can't hear. two days ago i slept on my left ear and when i woke up i had a muffled ear. i can barely hear anything and i have the ringing sensation. when i push the little thing that covers the ear canal back i feel a gust of air coming out. when i burp i also feel the gust of air yesterday it got better after messing with my ear a bit but today i fell asleep on my left ear and now i think it got worse.
is the shortage of family doctors going to be an issue because of the affordable care act? . some people worry about longer waits to see their primary care physician.
a free blood screening = bun of ; my creatinine serum was . ; and my bun/creatinine ratio was . do i call dr.?
"does chlamydia cause an ""icy hot"" feeling around the testicles shaft and ""hot"" feeling in the urethra? other disease? . i had several partners within the last several weeks. the first was mutual masturbation and the following two were vaginal sex with a condom. with the sex partners one did a blowjob without the condom. the most recent did a blowjob with the condom on. i only started feeling this ""icy hot"" sensation a couple days after my last partner. the partners were spaced out one week at a time with the most recent this past weekend."
i had a hemorrhoidectomy in june do i need another one?
i use to have throat pain after having oral sex with my pertner. is it too risky? . lately i'm suffering from fever after having oral sex. doctor said it caused for throat infection. i'm  years old so i felt shy to say about oral sex story. doctor prescribed antibiotic. i had oral sex for several times. in all times i had lots of throat pain. is this too risky? can it cause throat cancer? i'm too worried.
i have a larger than normal mons pubis and i was wondering if there was any way to reduce the size without surgery?
my  rib pulled out of place is there a medical procedure to put it back?
itchy labia folds but not itchy vaginal opening. per my obgyn not std bacterial or yeast infection. what else? . i have really itchy labia folds especially on the right side especially around my period. i've been to the obgyn a few times she has stated it is not an std a bacterial infection or a yeast infection. what else could it be? i've tried diflucan monistat bacterial treatments creams. nothing really helps except for a good wash and sometimes ph balance soap. been going on + years on and off.
i have brown pigment of sclera in left eye for one year cant use lap or mobile?
the left side of my chest has hurt since childhood but at  it has gotten worse. should i have more cardiac tests?
does drinking caffeine increases my tinnitus
i have petechiae spontaniously appearing on my thighs and calves need second medical opinion?
is there an otc version of latisse? if so what is it called and is it effective?
i have frequent doctor's appointments and am on several medications. where can i get affordable health care until ? . i am clinically depressed and a type  diabetic (i also am transgender but do not expect insurance to cover that). i have anywhere from - doctor appointments a month so i need insurance that will cover medications and visits.
i see spots in my vision like someone shinned a bright light in my eyes and its blinding spots to. what does this mean? . i'm not dizzy or aything just out of the blue stsrted seeing spots.
i haven't missed any period. i had my period two times already is it possible to be pregnant? . on december   my partner and i were rubbing our genitals together but he didnt go inside nor did he cum. i had spotting on the  it was light red came with cramps and then on the  i got my period two days before i was suppose to get it. it was normal came with cramps but it was  days usually its  or . then i got my period on jan. . it was around  days too. and i got it  days earlier too. today i felt nauseous and peed like  times. and my stomach feels tight.
i ejaculation in - mins is it normal? please advice some useful tips n med if nessesary. i am getting married soon and i found when i masturbate i become excited to much and cum in no time please tell me how to increase time for intercourse? exercise medicine diet all guide will be appreciated.
i was diagnosed with meningitis in january  i have no relief need second opinion?
i am experiencing a burning sensation in my chest that will not go away? it is moderate in the center of my chest only?
is there a problem with my blood tests i have .  fever?
misscarriage then period exactly a month later and now no period after  months? . i'm  i had normal periods for most of my life always coming exactly a month later. i had a baby at  (no complications).  something changed. i went without a period from january to march. on march  i found out i was pregnant ( weeks). which lead to a miscarriage at  weeks the doc. proscribed progesterone pills. after the miscarriage ended i had a period exactly a month later. now though it's been  months and neg pregnancy test? what's happening?
many times after eating and resuming physical work i experience general weakness shaking excessive cold sweating. even though i have just eaten i also get very hungry especially for something sweet.
getting a tubal ligation can it make you stop having a period? i have had one since i got mine done over a year ago.
i suffer in page in front of vagina painkillers dont ease the pain?
can taking expired penicillinvk for a bad tooth do any damage?
there are worms under my skin and along my belly
is there any difference between the generic and brand name versions of my prescription sleep aid?
i read that pregnant women are at greater risk for food-borne illness. what can i do to protect myself and my baby?
what age do girls stop growing. my  yr old daughter has pain in her lower back and sides/hips for approximately  month now. could they be growing pains? she plays sports and dances. .
what increases the risk of getting malaria?
is quadrivalent vaccine more effective than trivalent?
i have chronic shortness of breath?
will dehydration cause you skin to look blue. my  yr daughters hands and leg will turn blue. but it goes away after a while. will dehydration cause this. it started about  to  days ago.
lower back pain be a sign of pregnancy? my lower right side of my back right above my hip. it is a constant dull pain but with sharp intense bursts periodically. i am a day late on my period right now took a test that showed negative. could i still be pregnant?
my  yr old daughter pees out of her pull-up every night. no drinks last  bedtime at . what is the problem?
 year old male and want to stop masturbating. have gone  days before i gave in. i know it's because of puberty. i know it's normal to feel guilty and such but i just don't like to or want to anymore. i'm pretty lonely as well and don't hang out with friends because i have anxiety and have masturbated for  years
i had a pretty bad case of appendicitis almost  years ago. i had no fever or nausea. i was eating fine. my white blood cell count was normal. and the pain was dull at first. about - weeks later the pain became intense. if i laid on my stomach stretching my abdomen it was about a - on the pain scale. i had emergency appendectomy after an ultrasound showed an inflamed appendix. the surgeon told me it had not ruptured but was very infected and my body had walled off the infection and in  years i was his second case of a similar situation. this was a pretty dramatic operation.  nights in the hospital an infiltrated vein and  months of c diff after. about  weeks ago i started noticing a similar pain. lower right side near mcburney's point. it's a warm throbbing sensation maybe - on the pain scale at its worse. does this sound like possible stump appendicitis? i am very worried as i have no current insurance and my first operation cost almost  including c diff treatment.
what causes exercise induced head pain? . the past  times when i exercise wether it's on the circuit machines or biking at a good clip i will experience sudden pains in my head that will dissipate after a while once i have stopped.
are dentures worn  hours a day?
i am  and i have high blood pressure when i stand it rasies. also i have chest pains and headaches offten.
what medication helps to sleep? . i have bipolar schizophrenia and ptsd i have trouble sleeping i'm tired of these anti psychotic meds making me gain weight what are some good medications that will make me relax and fall asleep quickly?
can ondansetron show up positive for thc on a drug test? . i was recently dropped from my doctor after  years of being a model patient. in april i took a drug test and was terminated because he said my test was bad. that's all the explanation i got. i don't do any drugs i'm not prescribed but i was given zofran (ondansetron) for nausea. i only take it a couple times a month. can this prescription in anyway make you have a bad drug test? if not and he won't tell me specifically what was wrong with my drug test. what can i do so this doesn't happen again?
my mother has brain damage doctors have two different opinions?
will insurance cover braciaplasty and tummy tucks?
do anti psychotic pills work for anxiety. my doctor prescribed me anti psychotic pills because i am smelling a foul odor coming from my nose and mouth i have read up on anxiety and feel  percent this is my problem one of the symptoms is something about what i am experiencing by taking these anti psychotic pills i feel horrible i don't feel i am crazy i also suffer from acid reflux and am only treating myself with otc meds that don't work not sure if this also could be related to the odor. i have depression issues
what can i do to treat hypothyroidism at home?
male pelvic pain frequent urination sometimes feels like there is a gas bubble in pelvis area. had unprotected sex started to have frequent urination the day after. went to clinic got tested for bladder infection ghonnorea/chlamdyia (multiple times) all came back negative. prescribed norfloxacin doxycycline levofloxacin and still have symptons. doxycycline seemed to work the best because symptons went away for about a week. have seen multiple doctors and none no what it is (have a urologist appt feb ) just looking for some input on what it may be. have not had sex recently. no fever
why is osteoporosis an important public health issue?
i have had throbbing pain under my  - left ribs that can fluctuates to unnoticeable to an ?
just started taking birth control but am getting acne? . i was already on ampicillin for about a year for acne and it worked beautifully for me. i recently began taking gianvi and ive noticed little flesh colored bumps on my forehead(theyre a little crusty). is this normal? what could be the cause? i lowered my ampicillin intake to one pill a day instead of two and take my bc pill at the same time every day.
is milk good for bleeding ulcers? . we are not sure but my fiancé may have bleeding ulcers. we know he was diagnosed years back with having ulcers but now he is bleeding and his colonoscopy showed normal results. he is in the process of contacting his doctor but i was just curious if drinking milk is a good thing with the bleeding the burning in his throat - acid reflux.
could my baby be teething at  weeks old?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of fosfomycin tromethamine?
slightly yellow/green penile discharge. i have recently started seeing someone and we had sex last week a day later i started getting a bit of penile discharge. i notice bits of yellow/green on my white boxer shorts and white marks on black but its not loads. im . % percent sure shes clean so i dont think its an sti as i have no other symptoms. i did have slight balanitis i think a couple of weeks ago as i had flaky skin around my penis and i couple of red tiny spots which i get now and again. related? .
how is crohn's disease different from ulcerative colitis?
how do i know if its my tjm ( diagonosed with this since july )playing up or actual toothache? i am taking naproxen for my tjm lying down is impossible to sleep codine is being taken for pain i am in agony cold compress helps hot food tingles but cold dosnt when im upright the pain is managable then i have spasms of excrutiating pain in the left side of face jaw ear eye which then settles down and goes? how do i know if its toothache or my tjm i have appointments at dentist and docs but cant get in till early next week at the moment in the day the pain is a  on a scale of - with  being the worst pain imaginable when trying to sleep it is way of the scale for pain and i have to try to sleep sitting up!
can i do  hour flight when  weeks pregnant with placenta circumsvalata? . hi i am  years old and pregnant at  weeks. last week i was told that i have placenta circumsvalata based on my  week fetal survey. i am also planning a move from east coast to west coast. does this condition cause any concern if i fly for  hours when i am  weeks pregnant? as i read most complications from this condition start happening after then. so far i am at  weeks never had spotting or any other complications baby growth and kick are all normal. thanks!
bright blood in stool for a while now burning feeling in stomach loss of appetite and exhaustion what could this be? . i am anemic. i've had blood in my stool on and off for a few years. i told my doctor who said i had h pylori and got medication for it  years ago but now i'm bleeding (bright red) blood again. recently it has been more painful than ever before. i am constantly exhausted and feel dizzy often my stomach also started hurting right where it connects to the esophagus.
where do i start if i have never exercised?
how is teen depression diagnosed?
haven't smoked in  days have a hair test in .  months. if i shave every single hair off my body now will i pass? . i stopped smoking marijuana for  months (used to be a everyday smoker) and then this past month i slipped up for a week and smoked a couple of grams however i stopped again  days ago. my drug test is a hair follicle test and is in a month and a half (about  weeks). . so my question is if i were to shave every single hair off my body hair pits legs privates everything. in  weeks when i have my hair follicle test would the hair that grows back be good to go and come up clean? . thank you
how can constipation affect your body weight?
i found a weird looking mole on my breast could it be skin cancer?
i low level laser therapy for bad cirrculation in legs covered if it has been reccomended by primary physician? . compression stockings have not worked to improve circulation. my primary physician has suggested low level laser therapy. is it covered under medicare?
peculiar rash on the underside of my penis. i already went to the doctor and tested negative for gonorrhea and chlamydia. i have no idea what this is. the dots popped up a week after my doctors visit. i'm scared what is this? . <link>
can a symptom of going thru menopause be crying for no reason at all and feeling sad. i am normally a happy person. can a symptom of going thru menopause be crying for no reason at all and feeling sad. i am normally a happy person.
i wake up with muscles not cooperating with me. i really dont know what to do when this happens?
my  old daughter has red blisters arnd mouth neck ears hands chest and feet. is it hand mouth and foot disease? . she is having cold n cough but not fever.
what are the symptoms of malaria?
i have acne and oily skin. sunscreens feel really greasy. i only wear makeup with sunscreen on my face. is that enough?
when should i call my doctor about cancer-related fatigue?
i am lost on ideas what's wrong with me pain in stomach gets worst when i eat i have no gallbladder or apendix it feels. like hunger pains dull to sharp at times someone please help no nausea
ive had a severe migraine for  days that goes away temporarily when eating especially sugary foods?
what do i due a drug reaction to amoxicillin. i had two bladder infection with in a month. the doctor gave me some meds. my second bladder infection turned out to be a bacteria infection in my vagina. so then i was put on amoxicillin. by the next day i look like i had hives. and i was very ittichy. it's been a month and i still get bumps or hives and i'm itchy still. what should i do? . help.
i have been diagnosed with pcos need second opinion?
is it better to drink something cold or hot i. e. water or tea for weight loss? . i have started trying to drink water instead of sodas for weight loss. having had a bad experience where i drank too much water and got sick i have been starting off with  oz of ice cold water a day. a friend of mine said the water should be either room temp or hot in order to lose weight. she said cold water will congeal the fat in my system. is this correct?
i have had earache for about a month. my doctor said i have bubbles in my ear what does this mean and what is cause? . the earache started after i had a cold. it also hurts ( stings) but not all the time.
who needs insurance and when should it be purchased?
i have very heavy periods every month. should i be concerned?
my son is hungry fussy gassy arches his back and fights me during breastfeeding. what is wrong?
had an itch where the pubic area skin meets the testicles a long time ago. scratched till i broke skin. broke the skin and it turned blackish. now the area seems to have healed up but the skin turned white like ashy elbows or knees. it's still itchy sometimes but my concern is restoring the skin color and texture. any creams i can use? . male  years old
im a  year old woman who had sex on last day of period and my partner ejaculated inside me. could i get pregnant?
is it better to drink something cold or hot i. e. water or tea for weight loss? . i have started trying to drink water instead of sodas for weight loss. having had a bad experience where i drank too much water and got sick i have been starting off with  oz of ice cold water a day. a friend of mine said the water should be either room temp or hot in order to lose weight. she said cold water will congeal the fat in my system. is this correct?
i had surgery in  for ruptured ectopic preg. i currently have hydronephrosis and kidney stones?
had unprotected sex about  weeks ago. i'm on birth control. can i be pregnant? . been on bc for about  months and now i'm on placebo week. if i don't get my period during this time would i be pregnant? i haven't had any symptoms of pregnancy whatsoever. i mean i don't think i have?
i had  pregnancy test that were positive. i started bleeding  days later like my normal period. can i still be pregnant?
can ciprofloxacin oral be used to treat a tooth abces? .  mg tablet
i was diagnosed with shingles with no oubreak. i am still in alot of pain. it's been  mos how much longer w/pain? . i have had an mri blood work and was on valtrex  days after pain started and never had an outbreak. i am on gabapentin and don't think it is helping but am taking it anyway. ice helps and is soothing. how much longer am i going to endure this pain? it's excruciating stabbing itching burning all on the left side. please help!
i am ballet dancer have slightly fractured ankle should i have surgery?
i am getting sharp headache and abrupt vision shift. what does it sound like?
how cani enlarge my breast without surgery or creams? . wanted to know how could i enlarge my breast without any creams or surgery just an health way.
can i continue my flat abs workout when planning for pregnancy? what kind of exercises i shld avoid? . i had an ectopic pregnancy on june .
i have had my tube tied for  years can they cum undone i thing i am pg i am 
non-itchy raised bumps at leg with central dimple. viral or fungal? bug bite?
i am pregnant and found out that there is extra fluid on one of my baby's kidneys. what does this mean?
are you more likely to get pregnant faster after treating and std. i had gotten clamydia and got it treated before i found out about the clamydia me and my husband were trying to concieve. cant seem to find any answers the just say yes or no.
once im stressed how can i calm myself?
can birth control affect fertility later in life? . if birth control is used for lets say  years could it affect fertility after those  years? does birth control lessen your chance of having children later in life?
 year old girl - tempature going up and down - no energy not eating good what could this be? .  weeks ago she was feeling good all weekend; sunday morning she got up late - was ice cold no energy - she napped all day and then got up and ate good. all week she was fine; the next sunday the same thing except she had a tempature of  - went to the doctor and said she probably has a virus. temp went up/down the rest of the week - today - she want sleep or eat; had a fever - it broke; really worried! going back to the doctor!
what is a homa calculation?
we live in the state of alabama and our household receives unemployment with only one person receiving wages. . our unemployment benefits will be running out shortly. do we add unemployment with the wages to give total income to apply for health insurance?
is it toxic shock syndrome
is diphenhydramine hci safe in pregnancy? . i m  weeks pregnant. i have nasal congestion. i do not have a cough. i have tried sudafed benedryl and tylenol cold. after a week nothing is working. i am unable to breathe through my nose which makes sleeping almost impossible. i would like to try mucinex.
what effect can wellbutrin have while my wife and i are trying to conceive and on the baby while it is breastfeeding?
what is lupus?
i've had hpv for about  yrs and it has gotten worse. what are my odds of my fertility being effected?
my daughter is  and has type  diabetes. what will these changes mean for her?
me and my bf had anal sexe. but when he was about to ejaculate he pulled out but he still ejaculated in that area! help. im a vergin and this first time but idk if the sperm entred my vagina or not. can i get pregnant?
whats the difference between lovaza and over-the-counter fish oil supplements?
i have urination issues. i just finish going and when i stand up i have an urgent need to go again?
if both partners have  can it become worse?
will azithromycin help with urinary tract infection
what causes pain in the heel when walking. pain started  mos. ago when waking up in am. it goes away after walking on it.
my period came  days early. i have been on birth control for  years i'm . usually have very regular periods. i took my bc pills early for a few days and my period came  days early. any reason why this would happen? did taking the pills earlier induce the period?
why does my eight year old son pee himself during waking hours?
i have been getting positive ovulation tests but late temperature rise (~ days after) in some cycles. is this normal? . i have been trying to get pregnant since about  months now. in about  cycles i have had an issue with ovulation testing. in these months although i get positive opk test around calendar date - (which is when i normally get it) my temperature doesn't rise until about a week after. is this normal? in other cycles i get a temperature rise a day or two after positive ovulation test. i always get my period  days after the temperature rise. . thanks!
can menstrual cycle affect diabetes blood work?
"how risky is analingus ""rimming"" of your partner. i have read several different articles on the internet and each generally claim different levels of risk involved in preforming analingus on your partner. . my current partner likes getting his anus rimmed and i am wondering how much risk there is in me contracting something from pleasuring him on the anus? i have preformed it once on him and he had not just washed with soap and water. is washing just before the act important in lowering the risk also?"
what is this rash that won't go away? this began as a few small bumps on my feet. . after a few weeks my feet were completely covered in red itchy bumps. my dermatologist then prescribed me topical steroid cream and also oral steroids and antibiotics. this cleared it up in about  days. it then came back in one general location on each foot. for a while it would go away then come back in the exact same spot on each foot. it would ooze horribly and itch like crazy. it would look clear then come back. after a while i have developed hives on my arms legs stomach and back.
my mother is  years old and taking medicines in large quantities i dont know what to do?
i have cryptorchidism i have located the testicl and can feel the semen tubes can i make babies am i fertile. i am  should i remove the testicle surgically
what is the most effective way to remove facial hair from the chin and lip area? do lasers work as well as electrolysis?
i skip my periods with my birth control (trinessa). i am sexually active. and very busy so if it is unnecessary for me to have a period u would rather not have it. my boyfriend and i use both condoms and my birth control. is there a higher chance of pregnancy if i skip my pills? or is there even a chance of pregnancy? i take my pill pretty religously but i have had times where i have missed the time to take it and have taken it hours later.
does viread cure hiv- or aids?
my wife is getting pain and pressure in her chest which moves to her jaw and down her right arm. is it asthma? . she has had asthma as a child. we recently moved from south florida to virginia where it seems her asthma came back. not been bad until recently. if she takes a shot off of her pump or does a treatment and takes a xanax it goes away but she feels week for a little while.
how is osteoarthritis treated?
"sm black spot under my left big toe near the nail fold. saw  drs and they discussed my toe. very concerned. waiting. only had for - wks - dr said ""oh boy"""
what is the treatment for ringworm?
what causes a high white blood cell count & a high platelet count?
i have attacks of severe upper abdominal pain that feels like pancreatitis the doctors dont know whats wrong?
appendicitis when to go to the doctor? . let me preface by saying i don't think i have appendicitis now i feel well. . but i'm just curious if you're having stomach pains/potential appendicitis symptoms but the pain isn't unbearable and you aren't sure if it's appendicitis how long can you wait to see if it goes away? would waiting a few hours be too long causing a rupture?
ecp nordette taken  hrs after unpro sex pulled out - seconds before eruption a week before period (last aug  ). hi! may i just ask i had unprotected sex and its a week before my normal menstrual cycle( last aug  ). my partner thinks he pulled out on time roughly around - seconds before he actually erupted. i took nordette (. ) now ( hours after intercourse) as a contraceptive (ecp). i am not sure about the dose but it says on the internet that in emergencies like this it is  pills every  hours. should i take it with food? is there a high risk for pregnancy?
the stool color is black (not loose) - is the black color of stool due to any of the above medicines? being holiday can not consult doctor instantly
despite regular cardio exercise and eating healthy i can't seem to lose weight? . okay maybe i can't lose weight is misleading but i am losing muscle and gaining fat. my exercise includes running for an hour at least four times a week for over a month and eating includes eating salads eggs fruits and white meats like chicken (and none of the junk i won't even allow myself cheat days). in spite of the fact that i have lost  i don't look any thinner. in fact i've gained fat and it's becoming increasingly harder to continue keep the same running time and pace.
i had a minor heart attack/myocardial infarction?
do i have telogen effluvium? i have lost % of my hair and doctors can find no cause or solution - what do i do? . i am a female () and experiencing extreme hair loss for  / years. i have lost at least % of my hair. blood tests for thyroid and kidneys are normal. and negative results of pcos. i have a bmi of  and am moderately active. i take daily vitamins and supplements and there has been no change or improvement. i experience stress but nothing different over the last  years. there is no family history of hair loss or hair thinning. i took birth control for  years but do not take it now.
i got a negative result on a home pregnancy test. might i still be pregnant?
can a girl get pregnant. if i released even when my private part is not in the innermost part of her private part? or even if i released when pulling out?
have persistant mild-moderate sore throat been nearly two weeks. otc aids little relief. time to see doc?
i had a cat scan (ct) will radiation increase my cancer risk?
i am  going into menopausefeel disjointed edgy and drugged
i'm  and have only developed excema now. why would that be? . i've only had the excema for the last couple of months. i haven't changed laundry detergent have lived in the same place for  years and wear more or less the same types of clothing that i always have. i am lactose intolerant but have been this way for the last  years. excema does not run in my family. any cause the sudden onset?
i would really like to know if this is a myth. does cold water close skin pores and warm or hot water open skin pores?
i look like a  year old child but am  years old?
no period in  years? . i am a  year old woman i smoke a pack a day i haven't had my period in  years and i don't know why i have never been pregagant i am not on birth control
my daughter has crohn's disease. can she take ibuprofen?
what is this red spot on my leg? . hello i have an odd spot that appears on my leg randomly and goes away randomly. the size varies from the size of a dime to about the size of a lime or or tennis ball. no pain or anything. just this red blotchy mark and i don't know what it is. i've had this reoccurring mark for about a year or two now. the spot is red along the outside and yellow on the inside with red discoloration in the middle in some spots giving it a blotchy look
which types of heat therapy are effective for arthritis pain?
what does it mean if you have a headache your legs feel weird you're light headed and tired with a high pulse?
i had breast reduction my doctor took  g from right and  from left breast?
can tagamet be used to get rid of plantar warts
i had my gallbladder removed in april of  i am still having severe pain?
when will the health insurance enrollment website be free of glitches?
nipple and breast pain could i be pregnant? . for the past  days i have been having migraines and headaches off and on. i have had nipple pain and they stay hard. my breasts feel heavier and the underside of them feel sore. i have been ttc. is there anything else that it could be? i have never had nipple pain before.
could i be pregnant i've been nausea can't keep anything down. i had a tubrilligation  and birthconrol mesh  ago. my abdomen is getting hard and my belly is getting a little bigger and i'm getting constant headaches and can't stand the smell of a lot of stuff it makes me sick i remember feeling like this when i was pregnant with my other kids.
got surgery to remove ingrown toenail & it is looking better; but the area & underneath are turning a brownish color. i am  years old & had been dealing with an infected ingrown toenail for a few months. i got surgery to remove the side of the nail a few days ago & it is looking better; however the area & underneath my nail are turning a brownish color. is it infected again or is this part of the healing process or something else entirely?
is it safe to take benadryl when you are seven months pregnant?
my left side testicle is hurting and pissing blood?
the doctor diagnosed me with epididymitis and prescribed me with a course of doxycycline for  days?
can we use glycerin suppository twice a week for my  month old daughter?
i began to feel a sudden twitch/spasm feeling in my stomach went to er twice no solution?
can i fail a drug test if i have sex with someone using adderall
every time i exercise on treadmill my legs are itching. how do i prevent this?
i cover my daughter through my employer but will be retiring march . my daughter is  and will be dropped from my insurance. should i have her apply through the exchange now? or should i cover her until my retirement date then have her purchase her own insurance?
my girlfriend is on birth control and had a  day period could she be pregnant? . hello my girlfriend is extremely worried that she may have the early signs of pregnancy. she is on birth control and has never missed a pill. her last period was a day late and very short lasting only two days. the only symptom she has noticed is a little bit of weight gain. . she will be testing tomorrow but what are the chances she could be pregnant?
where do i find a drug counseling near myakka city fl . no insurance
i had a surgical abortion i have concerns about my future fertility?
i over masturbated for several years. and now i am facing a prblem. i have over masturbated for several years now i am years old. during sex i do not get hard easily and when so i lose my erection in a minute! . i stopped masturbating or having sex or even watching porn since around a week i used to watch porn a lot. and i read that shilajit pills helps in recovering while giving masturbation a break. what do you recommend me to do? and how long should it take me to be treated from this ed? ! . really need your help!
what has been causing my abdominal pain for  weeks straight now? gallbladder is out. ibs is the latest diagnosis. i have constant clear diarrhea that is making it very difficult to go to work. i regularly have taken tylenol and tramadol over several years for back and nerve pain. i've cut down significantly on them but no change. the other day i took remeron and it burned really bad in my stomach for the first time ever. i also have blood in my stool about half the time. ct scan with contrast blood test and colonoscopy .  months ago came back negative. any ideas?
how can i reduce the side effects caused by cold temperatures while taking eloxatin?
what causes ulcerative colitis?
what is parkinson's disease?
my little boy who is  months has had tonsillitis for over a week now?
as a teen how can exercise affect my weight?
im in  month pregnant now. i reduced  kilos of weight. is there any risk?
has anyone personally experienced sexual problems included erectile dysfunction after taking propecia?
facial dermatitis down to two possible causes: nickel intolerance or my parrot's dander. what's more likely? . in the past year i started having skin problems on my face: i get patches of dry itchy skin and my eyelids keep getting mildly irritated. it can't be makeup or some kind of cosmetic product as i've tried to substitute everything and still get the same reaction. so i'm down to two possible causes now: it's either due to the nickel in my diet as the reaction is aggravated after i eat specific foods like nuts oatmeal and chocolate or it could be due to the parrot i live with and its dander.
lumps on breasts thoracic spine and shoulder blades sore could i have breast cancer?
can humans get mange from pets infected?
is it safe for a man to handle his wife's fertility medicine?
what products are good for a woman who's still getting breakouts but is also seeing the beginnings of wrinkles?
lasting only a few minutes i can feel happy sad then normal again. is this a symptom of bipolar disorder? . few minutes =  seconds to - minutes. racing thoughts appear time to time. i workout a lot; it helps from time to time. i masturbate a lot. i can't sleep sometime without masturbating. sometime i don't even feel like masturbating but i need to sleep. i'm a very confident person; sometimes too much. i think i might be lonely. i'm confused sexually. .
what coverage is available to native americans under the affordable care act?
what is a hemiplegic migraine?
how can i prevent high blood pressure?
iis ringworm contagious
i do not have insurance right now so is there any over the counter treatment i can use for a genital herpe outbreak?
is there a way to reverse or slow down the progression of arthritis
how long will germs stay on surfaces? . my husband has influenza a. i'm trying to sanitize as much as i can and keep things clean. how long to germs normally stay on surfaces?
i have white film red tip tongue which is burning and very sore whole mouth hurts into throat do i need to see dr?
period late. symptoms of period but little blood. stopped birth control a month ago. not pregnant took  tests.
who should get the shingles vaccine?
my toenails are discolored and my doctor says i have toenail fungus. will over-the-counter products fix my toenails? . i don't want to spend the money for the prescription medication lamisil if i don't have to.
what would cause a  yr old male to all of a sudden be terrified to be alone? . is for some reason terrified to be alone. he often outa the blue starts crying. when asked y he says he don't know. he doesn't have any physical pain. he don't have any viral or bacterial. sickness. or symptoms. he does have bad anxiety. loss of appitite and sleeps almost constantly. he has become really needy im guessing anxiety and depression. but why or how just like that causing such dramatic change in behavior in a matter of a few days?
what happens to someone when they get colorectal cancer metastatic or recurrent?
i have a small red sore on my upper forehead. this coincides with an indentation about an long. any ideas?
i have an blue eye problem area around my left eye for years now?
i had double hernia/tummy tuck i have pain every day now with an open wound that never closed and is getting bigger. i had a double hernia/tummy tuck that wasn't done right and i have pain every day now for the past  years along with an open wound that is getting bigger if you look at me it looks like i am missing half my tummy and i don't take off my clothes other than to shower so it really hard to be intimate with my husband. it is also hard to be hugged on by my children because of the pain. i was wondering if there is some one around in my area that would do a pro bono surgery. plz help
baby cries he stops breathing and goes limp and his lips turn blue and goes limp for a few minutes
i plan to retire sept.  at age . . my husband is currently on medicare with my employer health insurance as secondary. what is the best way for me to approach finding replacement coverage?
i am ill for two years with gastro issues sweating weight loss thick phlegm?
is it ok to cut a pill in half? i have  mg pills.
what are the warnings about prilosec and other drugs like it?
i have severe period pains taking mefanamic acid need to solve medical problem for good?
im swollen through the stomach neck and face. i have no energy like i used to?
if i was just diagnosed with high risk hpv with mild a-typical cells would it be pointless to get the gardisal shot?
ways to ease symptoms of vaginal yeast infection if already prescribed antibiotic
my wife has type  she is experiencing nasuea and dizzness. she takes metformin  twice a day. sees md. whats up? . thank you my wife debra has dizzness while in bed usually at night when she turns over and nasuea when sitting on couch. she has seven rods in her back from a car accident. i think the dizzness comes from the gabentain that she took once then quit for her back. she sees dr. burk. could she take  off or is the metformin causing this?
can i have intercourse during pregnancy?
several months ago my lower left leg (shin area) began to hurt?
what are the best solutions for my baby's teething pain?
will my premiums go up? i have heard that they will more than double under health reform.
i have what looks to be blisters around my anus could it be herpes? . i would also like to say i have gentital warts which i got when i was . i have never had a problem with what looks to be blisters around my anus until  days ago. im not itching and they arent open sores as of yet.
i have a severe fear of heights recently when i stand less than two feet off the ground i have an anxiety attack. i feel like i can't breath and my whole body shakes. this has happened in the last year or so an example is tonight i had to change my smoke detector batteries and stand on a chair. i couldn't do it. i live in a house with a loft and i have never been upstairs!
do ceiling fans cause bell's palsy?
peculiar rash on the underside of my penis. i already went to the doctor and tested negative for gonorrhea and chlamydia. i have no idea what this is. the dots popped up a week after my doctors visit. i'm scared what is this? . <link>
i am  / weeks pregnant what should my hcg level be?
are energy shots bad for you?
my father diagnosed with stomach cancer is not treatable please advise?
does getting sunburn while pregnant hurt the baby. i'm only  week pregnant but received really bad sunburn that now has my legs swollen. what can i do and does this hurt the baby?
my wife is really considering gastric sleeve surgery in mexico is it safe?
right side of neck swollen and both sides of face in front of both ears are swollen as well. i was told it might be my salivary gland. do you think i could have mumps
does frontal lobe dysfunction affect my lifespan or likelihood of getting alzheimers or dementia?
"issue with knee. my fiancé is  years old and he is fairly active with jogging and walking. about a month ago he felt something pop really hard in his knee and he had some pain with it along with a bit of swelling. he figured he would stay off his knee for a while and it would heal itself. he is still has the popping sound when he walks or moves his knee and he says that it feels like something is ""rolling"" around inside under the kneecap. no pain unless the knee is pressed on. what would be the issue? ."
what is cryothalamotomy for parkinson's disease?
i stopped taking my bipolar medications a week and a half ago. can i just restart where i left off?
what should i expect during week  of my pregnancy?
i have a .  degree fever and i am planning to take boniva tomorrow. can i take tylenol to reduce fever with boniva?
can heat or cold therapy help psoriatic arthritis?
how do doctors treat infertility?
are there some people at higher risk of having complications from the flu if they dont get vaccinated?
can an -year-old with a cold have flumist flu prevention?
my husband has stomach pain. is pepto-bismol good for him to take?
i was told my ongoing chest pain is not cardiac related need second opinion?
after on antibiotics for  hours to treat pinkeye in one eye if then get pinkeye in other eye is one contagious again?
i have hard pulse in neck artery numb ear pressure feeling neck numbness?
can you get aids form breast milk. i was sucking on a woman's breast and some milk came out and i swallowed it can you get aids for that
i have three canker sores in my mouth is this a bad sign? . there are  on my tongue and one on the roof of my mouth in the back and i also have a bad sore throat. its been like this for  days and its very uncomfortable. could it be a sign of something worse than just canker sores?
i hit my head i have concussion non stop headache vomiting constantly feel dizzy and this morning passed out?
ive been diagnosed with anemia?
husband has shingles for one week and on med. crusting over still few blisters. when should he go back to work?
i do not eat sweets or sugary drinks. i exercise every day but why am i gaining weight? . i weight train - times a week and i do intense cardio  -  minutes every day. i just dont understand why i am still gaining weight.
i had a semen analysis need second doctor opinion and more advice?
"what causes a ""dropped tip"" after a nose job?"
after giving birth  years ago c section and stomach numb?
can buspar cause false positives for marijuana?
i bought listerine zero and it has no ada symbol. will it help my gums like normal listerine does?
is pneumonia genetic? . i have a coworker whose  year old daughter was recently diagnosed with type a pneumonia. this is concerning because his first son with his previous wife passed away  years ago at age  due to pneumonia. some of the symptoms are identical and some are not (his son stopped eating whereas his daughter still has an appetite). is there a genetic predisposition to pneumonia that makes this a more dangerous case?
arogyam package test result shows imbalance in homocystein level and vitamin  and  levels are very low?
i have started waking up at night coughing up fluid and feeling like drowning ?
what can i do about brown spots on my face and hands?
what types of dental bridges are available?
i have only had  periods in the past  months i am not pregnant. i also urinate constantly. what could be wrong? . i have only had  periods in the past  months (one in august  and one in january ). while it is not uncommon for my periods to be irregular i have never gone more than  or  months without a period. i have been sexually active for the past  months but i am not pregnant. over the past year i have also noticed that i urinate very frequently including getting up in the middle of the night at least twice to go to the bathroom. what could be wrong?
"can you ""heal"" a cavity? i've been reading a few places that say you can. i have read you can take certain supplements and oils and your teeth like a broken bone will repair itself."
if you have unprotected sex on nov  is it possible to tell with a home test that you are pregnant on the ?
do peptides in moisturizers really work?
can u tell me if the e r would help me with panic attacks
can a blocked utera cause backup in the kidney of toxins and create skin rash and bumps
have had ed for many years. is it to late for help? . prostatectomy at age . ed last  years.
my gp never has me fast for any blood tests why is that? . for years my gp has never had me fast for any blood work others have why is that?
bad acne problem. recently within the past month i started breaking out. i quit smoking and notice it got worse. i had stopped working out but started again. break outs are on my cheeks and left and right side of my forehead. i went to the doctor and they prescribed me doxycycline which doesn't seem to be working. i've been on it for a week. i'm taking   tablets a day. my doctor gave me a  day prescription. also using proactive plus and that doesn't even seem to be helping. i really some help!
what are some common sources of vitamin d?
i had sex  times this month with my bf and i not on anything. i am trying to get pregnant whats my odds. i just was wondering what my odds are of being pregnant.
can i produce milk or watery white substance if i am not pregnant? . it happened during sex he squeezes and sucks alot. all the time. maybe he is doing that too much? or could i be pregnant? tests have said i wasnt.
 days of rash on thighs and testicles now bumps with intense pressure and discomfort what to do? . my boyfriend has had a rash on his thighs and testicles for  days. assumed heat rash. he went hiking had sweat and chafed. thought jock itch so tried anti fungal creams. the thighs seem to be improving some but now he has an area on each side of his testicles that has become especially inflamed and he describes as being under great pressure and feels like a needle poking into the area when he walks. he is incredibly uncomfortable and having difficulty sleeping and working
i am  have no income my parents support me financially and i'm not eligible under their health insurance. . does someone like me fall through the cracks? i'm a college student with no health care through school.
what causes a person to become allergic to ibuprofen? . i have used ibuprofen for years with no problems. i was started on meloxicam and had an allergic reaction to it. i took ibuprofen after this and had a reaction to it also.
"i just got diagnosed w/herpes type  in my genital area. should i now avoid sex with my partner to avoid getting type ? . we have been sexually active for  months but i understand one of us probably had herpes from before that. i am just confused about the difference between type  and type . my doctor said my genital region (vaginal) was infected with type . but now i guess that would be called ""genital herpes"". so do i have type ? or does he? i am tested annually for everything and have never been positive for either type. and i don't know how serious this diagnosis is or if i should avoid sex with him."
my period isnt regular can i still get pregnant?
i have something broke out all over me what could this be?
i have irregular period but could i be pregnant? . iam  years old and had sexual intercourse this month on the  but i started to have a discharge and then lighr blood the day after until now. could it be my period or can it be that there is a small possibility that my eggs are being fertilized. i really dont know how that works out. should i take a pregnancy test? and when is it a good time and how many weeks should i wait to take it if i should do it? . thank you.
i chipped a bone on the end of my elbow?
eye doc say i have glacoma then progressive myopia but it keeps getting worse?
i've had tinnitus for  years in my left ear. suddenly i have tinnitus in my right ear and my left ear is fine. how? . i went to doctors got hearing tests got mri's etc. the doctors said it was just inner ear damage (even though i listened to music at a low volume and had never been to a concert). after  years suddenly my other ear is ringing and my left ear is fine (i tested this by making soft noises on my left side that i hadn't been able to hear). i am confused about how suddenly my ears decided to trade tinnitus. does this mean i have brain tumor after all? . and yes i know i should see a doctor.
how do hormones affect sexual function?
lower back pain be a sign of pregnancy? my lower right side of my back right above my hip. it is a constant dull pain but with sharp intense bursts periodically. i am a day late on my period right now took a test that showed negative. could i still be pregnant?
is malaria a particular problem during pregnancy?
what causes schizophrenia?
how long do pet allergens last in a home after the pets are gone?
what medications can help prevent or slow the progression of osteopenia and osteoporosis?
why am i so cold lately?
vit d -hydroxy test yesterday my level is  what will i have to do in order to get my levels to normal?
can ibuprofen cause a false positive on urine test for opiates. taking  mg of ibuprofen for  weeks. urine tested for drug use within that time. results were positive for opium. had no intake of any drugs.
i experienced a sudden tingling on my lips and in my gums is it guillain barre syndrome?
my  year old was diagnosed with cellulitis what do i do?
why is a baby  months old if you were pregnant for  months?
how much weight should i gain during pregnancy?
should i get my lower back looked at if i injured it  years ago? . i injured my back when i was in the military one morning. i was doing a sit up exercise where we rocked side to side when we where half way off the ground and i felt my lower back pop. when i went to my units medics i wasn't sent to get it looked at i just received a no running/ruck marching profile for seven days. since then my lower back starts to hurt when i do repetative motions that involve the lower back like turning and bending. i also get muscle spams if i extend my reach too much.
is gaining weight and hemorroids a sign of menopause? . does weight gain and hemorrhoids have anything to do with menopause? i have gained a lot of weight and just recently got hemorrhoids. i haven't had my period since february . is it possible for someone only  yrs old to go through menopause?
should i expect to cough up a lot of grey black sputum the year or so after quitting smoking? . this didn't happen 'before' i quit. i smoked for years and years but had stopped at one point and later smoked so little that i didn't bother to quit until last year. . also i'm in hawai'i and we now have a great deal more 'vog' a volcanic haze than we had previously. and i am a medical marijuana smoker have been for years and that has not changed.
can't get proper medical care. help! . husband having debilitation shoulder pain x-rays show nothing. just diagnosed with osteoperosis. the reason for test was mutiple fractured ribs they did not see on x-rays found those on mri. he's  has spinal stenosis degenerative disc disease. doc will not order mri for shoulder cause nothing on x-ray. we reminded doc they had to do mri to find rib fractures. doc told him if pain gets worse go to er; er said he needed to see doc. wtf! what specialist do we tell the doc to refer him too?
can masturbation inhibit ejackulation in a vagina?
does kidney stone in the kidney cause pain? . i went to er because i was up all night with a  on the pain scale pain is mostly in my side base of ribs. the ct scan showed a small kidney stone in my kidney. p. a. says this would not be causing my pain because it is in the kidney. i am in some pain still but the pain last night was incredible.
what is the emotional toll of nerve pain after shingles?
why do i vomit when i brush my teeth? . i am pregnant and have not had very much nausea and no morning sickness. however every time i brush my teeth i end up gagging on the toothpaste and vomiting. it is mostly just stomach acid in the morning. i have been getting a lot of heartburn as well. i have tried different flavored toothpaste and even kids toothpaste and nothing helps. what can i do?
why does my arm feel ice cold and wet but is warm to the touch
how quickly can i expect to lose weight after beginning a weight loss plan?
can be a pregnancy if i didin't eyaculate on the vagina nor the anus only penetration? if it possible?
what is the defferance betweeb xanax and prozac? . if you are taking xanax for anxiety can you can prozac for it also? which is used for depression?
can swaddling a baby help during a nap?
im swollen through the stomach neck and face. i have no energy like i used to?
what is eczema?
when should i call my doctor about my baby's fever?
what are the symptoms of genital herpes?
i just had a jet black poop could this be from drinking a lot of beer i feel fine right now? . as i mentioned above i do have gerd. lately though i have had good brown poops. this is the first time i have had one this dark. i generally know when my gerd is bad because i will deal with a burning stomach heartburn and bad acid reflux. this is the main reason why i think it was caused by the beer i did drink a lot since it was my twenty-first birthday mainly budweiser.
i have been eating approx / of what i used to eat however my stomach is even bigger?
what conditions does lactose intolerance treat?
what are the symptoms of transient ischemic attack or tia?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of avodart?
is milk a solid or a liquid once in the stomach? can you use it to replace some water intake?
will grapefruit in hand lotion counter-react with any medication?
doctor recommended operation to remove cysts on both ovaries need a second opinion?
i have experienced severe pain in both my knees feels like a sledge hammer coming down on my knees?
whenever i masturbate or have sex i am in lots of pain. i'm a sexually active female. what's wrong with me? . there are times when i bleed slightly. and then after everything is all done my vagina burns if i try to use the bathroom. this happens also even when i masturbate. i use protection when i have sex. but the burning only happens right after everything is done. it never goes longer than a few hours. so i just don't know what it all means. i have been sexually active for almost five years now and this problem keeps occurring whenever i want to do something.
is it true that you get your period the first month of being pregnant?
how long does xanax stay in your system?
are men less prone to getting genital herpes than women and is it less severe than in women
i have a rash on my face?
i have a itchy rash that comes and goes what could be causing this? . the rash appears in different areas of my body for an example a rash showed up on my wrist and stayed a while and went away. later the same day it appeared on my stomach and then on my thighs etc. its itchy while it is present. at one point my hands first turned red and then start to itch really bad to the point i had to wash my hands repeatedly. i work in the medical field so i wash my hands a million times a day. what could be causing this reaction?
my fallopian tubes are blocked do you recommend i freeze my eggs?
does aerobic exercise interfere with muscle gains from weightlifting?
any woman can look younger if they have money for expensive skin treatments. what can i do if i can't afford them?
am i pregnant? . i had unprotected sex about a week ago and the last few days i've been feeling a little weird. i had a little pain in my right abdomen yesterday and later in the day i started to feel really nausea even driving in a car i felt like i was about to be sick. i also had a slight headache. now today i have the same nausea feeling and my lower abdomen feels tight/ bloated like i'm about to start my period but it's not suppose to start for another couple weeks.
i am covered through the end of this year with a private health insurance plan. . i will be switching to another plan with the same carrier through the exchange. will i need to contact my insurance company regarding this change?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of baclofen?
what are the best types of diet foods to snack on?
i'm told it will be much cheaper (if you're healthy) to get an underwritten health insurance plan than an aca plan. and that it will be the same rate for one year.
how can i protect my skin from dryness in the winter?
are some sex acts more likely to transmit hepatitis?
will i be able to save on my health insurance premiums i currently pay blue cross & blue shield of florida? . can i switch to a new plan with the same coverage i have now with blue cross & blue shield of florida since i am eligible for medicare in august  and you can't get the new plans until january ?
how long can a  person last on few sips of food/liquids each day? . she is  and has had two strokes and cannot speak. this decline in consuming food/liquids has been going on for several weeks. she is under hospice care.
can a vasectomy be a factor for erectile disfunfion. i am  years old and having eretile disfuntion five years after having a vasectomy could this be a factor to this problem
i have felt sensations of tachycardia to the head?
im  weeks late on my period i took  at home epts & one urine test at the doctors and all were negative am i pregnant? . i have some symptoms such as spotting cramping breast tenderness and nausea but all of the tests came back negative. could the tests be wrong? can i still be pregnant? being this late is uncommon because i generally have a regular cycle. please let me know soon!
i have blood in urine convinced it could be cancer?
will dentures change how i speak?
i have been having breathlessness and dizziness which has been almost constant. i am extremely fatigued and have had occasional chest pains?
who gets osteoarthritis?
other than always having benadryl with me what else can be done for my allergic reactions to insect stings?
what is diarrhea?
can bells palsy symtoms mimic a brain tumor?
"why do i have chronic ""swimmer's ear"" without going swimming? . this has persisted for months now and in addition to an excess buildup of ear wax in both ears i also have water in my ear nearly every other day and i haven't been swimming in a long time. i also have a buildup of ""flakes"" in one ear which i think are skin flakes. i use q-tips frequently and occasionally my ear itches so i use my finger to scratch just inside the ear canal but there is no pain in either ear."
how long can panic and anxiety attacks last if not medicated. i have been bipolar and have anxiety and depression issues for years. and a few months ago i had to quite taking my abilify cause i couldn't afford it so im just taking effexor instead of both. ive had a lot of stress lately and bad attacks. but when i was on both meds i was fine. my attacks can last for a few hours. i go to sleep fine and wake up fine then im back to havimg these attacks. could it because im not taking both meds together anymore? .
i have had a thyroid nodule since diagnosed drained twice but it came back?
the chances of cancer. i am a  yr old woman. the dr is sending for biopsy for enlarge lymph node in armpit. my mother had breast cancer that was removed and came back with lymphoma and passed away . what are my chances of this being the same as her.
do you add a degree whentaking tempture under arm?
are shingles spread just by being in the same room as someone who has it
can hpv be passed to a baby through breast feeding? . i was diagnosed with hpv in  and have had no outbreaks since then. i have one healthy  year old girl. when considering a second child and wanting to breastfeed is it possible to pass hpv onto the newborn?
i wake up lean and by time i get home from work have bloated up all over to the point my face is like a ball?
recent mammogram abnormal finding is biopsy needed?
i have diabetes and am going to have knee replacement surgery what do i need to know and what can i expect. i have type  diabetes. i am going to have knee replacement surgery in january. while my  is .  my daily sugar levels are all over the place. so much so that my dr. has had to increase my insulin. i take lantus  units in the morning and  units at suppertime and  units of novolog at suppertime. what do i need to know about this surgery and what can i expect from my diabetes? thank you.
are these spots next to my labia normal?
ive been having this right side pain for some time now my stomach is hurting as well?
what is the treatment for genital herpes?
do you have to eat oat meal every day to get the benefits?
can your brain ever stop thinking. my wife believe that your can stop thinking if you blank/space out
i am a  year old man and have little facial hair basically i have no sideburns. what can i do to promote hair growth? . i do have some facial hair (chin cheeks neck) but there are other bare patches as well. this didn't bother me when i was younger but as i age i would like the option of growing a beard to mask skin blemishes wrinkles etc. what are my options? what can i start to do on my own and if that doesn't work when should i consult my doctor?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of mag-?
on bc pills. my period was later and shorter have been tired and nauseus for about  weeks could i be pregnant?
i guess my constipation and blocked urination are interlinked. please help.
took depo shot when will bleeding stop?
can you take tylenol with adderall
i had chicken pox  times as a child even after being vaccinated am i at a greater risk for shingles?
hard swollen area on left labia majora. squeezed it hard white substance with fluid. should i be concerened
can i be immunized if i have a cold? . i have gotten a cold with symptoms of sneezing mild headaches sore throat congestion and general mild achy-ness. i wanted to get the flu shot. unfortunately i woke up feeling sick before i was able to get it. do i have to wait until i'm well to get my flu shot?
can viagra stop a period?
what key ingredients should i look for when buying a facial moisturizer to prevent signs of aging?
can a  /-year-old taking zyrtec daily also take a dose of benadryl on the same day?
my hand went numb today?
itchy rash for + months. its on back stomach arms armpits legsscabies?
what are the different surgical options for treatment of arthritis of the hand and wrist?
food if im rushing to eat seems to get stuck without a sip of water? is it a esophageal disorder?
"my  month old grand daughter cries as if she is in pain and it happens more often in the evenings is this normal? . this to me is not a normal ""fussy"" cry we have asked the dr and they said it's normal but i don't agree and want to push the issue but don't know where to start it started when she was about a month old"
do pediatricians recommend children drink filtered water over tap water? if yes or no-why? . is drinking filtered water really better for children. does filtered vs. tap water affect oral hhygiene in children?
i have hpv do you think it's okay that i get breast implants? i'm taking a lot of immune boosting supplements. i'm taking a lot of immune boosting supplements eating healthy and working out.
i have very oily skin. how can i treat it?
can i take a benadryl tablet while on doxycycline hyclate? . is it safe to take a benadryl tablet while i am on doxycycline hyclate
does the use of insulin affect your eyes?
"i've heard soy milk contains estrogen and causes ""man-boobs"" if consumed by men. does almond milk have the same issue?"
i ve slipped disks since  yrs i dont have leg numbness but back pain. does slip disks transform into cancer in long run. i have an mri scan and it shows that - - - are the ones which are affected. i have consulted a spine surgeon and he said that as long as i don't feel numbness in my leg no surgery is required and the back pain will settle down on itself. he also said that the leg nerves are not been pressed by the slipped disks that's why i don't have the leg numbness. he also said that the surgery cannot relieve me from back pain. but even after  years i don't get rid of the back pain.
how do i know if i have a compression fracture in the joint at the base of my big toe. redness pain swelling after wearing shoes that became uncomfortably tight after standing for a long time. used ice elevation rest and treated for cellulitis though a blood test revealed normal white count. uric acid normal and gout was eliminated. after  rounds of z-pack. swelling has gone down redness gone but pain persists mostly in joint at base of my big toe. i can't put any shoe on and walking is painful as i try to roll my foot forward as in a normal gait.
i recently had an anxiety attack. the doctor prescribed medicine to use when i feel one coming. when will they go away?
could i still have lyme disease? . i was diagnosed  yrs ago. i never found a tick bite so i'm not sure how long i had it before i started antibiotics. i've never felt the same. i'm still just as tired and constantly achy in my neck and back. i get terrible headaches that last days. i get sharp pains in my arms all the time. i randomly get dizzy and i've fainted a several times. a year ago someone said it's allergies so i tried allergy medicines and just got sicker. in sept. i had mono. i'm  and i still feel like i'm dying!
i've recently applied for medicaid but i'm forced to wait  days before receiving an answer of eligibility. if i buy a marketplace plan now while waiting for the answer from medicaid will i be able to get a refund on the marketplace plan if i am eligible for medicaid?
is it normal for a woman to bleed after having anal sex and if so how long does it usually last?
i've heard the controversy and i want an educated opinion on whether having a  a day diet with about  minutes of cardio a day would allow me to lose weight.
lying down flat and lifting up my head my stomach bulges in the center from my chest to my navel and is very soft. my ab muscles are hard on either side but the center is bulging and soft. is this normal or is this some kind of hernia?
hello. i play football and i always end up with a rash on my chin and forehead. anything i can do? . it first starts out red and patchy but then turns brownish greyish. it then peels about every two weeks. i have used slip on covers for my chisntrap and the results do not change. sun exposure also makes it much much darker. any ideas on medications or what i have? someone said it might be a heat rash and there is nothing i can do about it. any ideas?
chest pain weakness on the left side and my throat feeling tight on the left side?
can u get pregnant on the pill? . i have been taking the pill for  months now and my last peroid wasnt really a period. i bled for maybe  minutes a day for  days. could i be pregnant? i just started feeling nausea and im hungry but when i start eating i feel like i cant eat
how to treat erectile dysfunction with low blood pressure. . i. assume that viagra and cialis would not be recommended because they would lower my blood pressure even more? any ideas? note: my low pressure is just below normal and is stable and with no side effects.
i've been taking levothyroxin for over a year. i have developed a rash/hives that comes and goes. is this related?
what is osteoarthritis?
can i give herpes to my child using the same toilet should i use bleach on the toilet seat?
what should i know about hepatitis c infection?
chemotherapy and common cold what antibiotics can you take if the patient is also on coumadin
how does the doctor know whether someone has bacterial pneumonia versus viral pneumonia?
i have constant back pain every day but mri and emg came back fine. so what could be wrong with me? . i also get pains and weakness in my legs
are squid safe for pregnant women. i like to eat fried calamari. is it safe to eat while pregnant?
should i continue to exercise if i'm experiencing back pain?
icthy rashy skin feels like pins poking you all the time what will stop the itch
please help with my issues of weight loss memory loss and body pain.
will vitamin k cream erase spider veins?
sharp pains in back of head. loud ringing in my ear. head feels like it is being crushed? .
sudden bald spot on top of head please advise?
what is serotonin related to migraines?
my knees keep swelling how can i get rid of it?
benadryl anything better?
how do you treat tree nut allergic reactions? . i have been up since : vomiting diarrhea and excruciating stomach pain. i am extremely thirsty and i am only drinking water and giger ale. when i do it comes up and out in a natter of minutes. please help me. thank you!
i was diagnosed with crohns when anemic i have staph infections?
is it bad to be pregnant if your baby is only  old
i have ra. my grandson has been exposed to chickenpox. should i stay away from him?
what happens if you eat fish sticks that arent cooked all the way
can methylpredisolone tablets cause the recent outbreak of meningitis
really irregular period lasting  first was light and past days has been brownish. why would it last so long? never has before. also its very light usually heavy period or just light on the last day. no change in routine tho am sexually active he pulls out is there a chance i could be pregnant? also my period came early and these last couple of days has been more like spotting any suggestions? no insurance right now so any advice would help. should i wait it out or buy a pg test?
had tendinitis in my wrist for the past few years now have a ganglion cyst as well?
how long do you ovulate after your period. my cycle usually lasts anywhere between  to  days. my period usually occurs every  days. so i was just wondering how long you ovulate after your period and before?
i had an ultrasound they found a  solid nodule and said get another ultrasound in  months?
pregnancy. how soon after unprotected intercourse would one have symptoms of pregnancy?
is cancer a virus or bacteria?
i had a horseback riding accident and fell on my back pain is spreading?
i am  years old doctor says no need for contraception?
acne scars on butt. is bleaching safe? . i have acne scars on my butt. will bleaching them enough times help remove them.? . also i have a darker skin around my pubic area and anus. am not comfortable with chemical peeling or laser. please help me
will this mean my acne problem will come back? . a year ago i was treated for severe acne with isotetrinoin and my skin has been clear for nearly a year. a few days ago i used argan oil on my face and it has triggered an allergic reaction. i have broken out in loads of little spots - not big pustules. . how soon will this take to pass over? and does this mean my acne will come back and stay because of this?
do band-aids help wounds heal faster? . big debate today! with lots of conflicting answers! all of the band-aid manufacturers of course say yes yes they do help wounds heal faster! but i am not always quick to believe corporate opinions! can you help!? my coworkers are research analysts. i feel defeated already and the research has just started!
is sex safe without protection since i've been on birth control for over  or is the pullout still needed? . i want to make sure i don't get pregnant as i'm not in that stage of my life yet. is it safe for my spouse to release or is it not recommended. and if not recommended what can be used besides condoms and sponges? .
my  year old had had a severe headache and sore throat for a week; she just finished antibiotics; what to do?
i have had late periods the past  months.  days late last month and only lasted  days  days this month. regnant? . my bf and i have been having unprotected sex and he does not pull out either (sorry for the tmi) my periods have always been regular so don't know if i'm just over thinking it or if i could be pregnant? any advice would be appreciated!
dry skin like a scab under my eye. i can peel it off and it will come back within a day. sometimes flaky. . for almost  years now i have had this constant dry flaking/peeling skin on my eyelid on one eye and under my eye on the other. it hardens like a scab but is just a thick layer of skin that is rough when it is un-cracked. when it starts cracking i can peel this layer off and it appears a little red under that skin peel. sometimes it is a little itchy or has a burning sensation. i went to a dermatologist to have them look at it they tested it and said it was benign and to put moisturizer on it.
what is coxsackie virus?
husband's acl and meniscus in right knee are tore. i need some ab exercises he can do without moving his legs please. he is in the military and will have to continue doing pt which includes sit-ups pushups and running after the surgery and recovery. he needs some exercises he can do before and after the surgery to keep his abs as well as arm strength up.
im late  going on three no perid but now i have brown discharge? . took two pregnancy test and still not pregnant wha does this man?
is pneumonia contagious?
do testosterone boosters really work? . while many prescription treatments can increase those levels through injections or by topical aplication they often cause the body to further reduce its own production resulting in increasing dependance on the prescription. . many testosterone boosters claim they can trigger your body to produce more testosterone naturally and therefore not create a dependance. . do these over the counter supplements really boost testosterone levels? if so do they do it without further reducing natural production?
how many calories on average does donating plasma burn?
i had thyredectomy for papillary thyroid cancer  years ago?
can bacterial vaginosis cause sores or bumps? . can bacterial vaginosis cause sores or bumps? my doctor told me i have herpes but the results came back negative. she is still sure it is that because of the bumps and sores. can you tell me what else this could be.
what is gamete intrafallopian transfer (gift) for infertility?
how can athletes foot be prevented?
can my wife take postnatal vitamins while im pregnant? . my wife accidently bought postnatal instead of prenatal
we lost our only daughter  year ago i have severe upper back pain head ache memory loss and difficultly breathing?
where can i find support for living with genital herpes?
what is the recommended daily dosage of vitamin  for women?
what are the complications of orthostatic hypotension?
what is fever bark?
can leg injury cause dvt? . three months prior to injury i was cleared of any vein problems. injured my leg and app  months later found out i now have blood pooling in my leg. could the injury have caused it?
i shave my pubic region and noticed a single white bump in my upper pubic region. could this be herpes? . it is a single bump whereas i have heard herpes is usually a cluster. it is also a larger bump more the size of a pimple. it was white/yellow in color and a white/clear liquid oozed out of it. my region is slightly itchy but i wonder if this is herpes or an ingrown hair? i have no blisters in my actual vaginal region. only one at the top of my pubic region. i did feel slightly under the weather today as well. the area was painful and itchy but only in that area.
how can i tell when i am most fertile?
i have erythrophobia (the fear of blushing) what can i do?
what is an agonist in parkinson's disease?
really bad itchy irritating rashes on his upper body as in torso chest back neck shoulders in evening what is it? . it's really important doctors say he is has allergies but allergy meds dont work. they look like big bites. irritated and red.
for about  years pain and discomfort after bowel movements and while sitting. seems swollen and bumpy around rectalarea. a lot of pain burning itching and discomfort after bowel movements and just in general while sitting. it seems swollen and bumpy all around the anal opening and its really warm to the touch. also sweats a lot. usually if i have to have  or more bowel movements in a day it will get really sore and sometimes bleed when cleaning. i also usually get an upset stomach with a lot of cramps and gas after working out so i thought it might be related to that.
i'm very scared right now. i just woke up from the absolute weirdest and most physically intense dream i've ever had. i kept getting very weird and different intense physical reactions. i believe that there was a planet or a company possibly called eros and there was a group of around six people who had devices that they were testing on me. the sensations went from my body shaking so much that it was pretty much paralyzing as a scary face stretched towards me and was very loud to literally being black-out fall down drunk. at one part of the dream i was on my bed and physically paralyzed but i was dreaming.
my friend is facing removal of about two feet of her colon and i was wondering what she can expect afterward?
what are shingles and postherpetic neuralgia?
i had rubella during pregnancy will child be crippled or abnormal should i get an abortion?
what can i do to treat prostatitis at home?
what are some basic skin care tips for preventing those wrinkles and lines that boomers in our  and  are getting?
my -month-old was prescribed nystatin when he got thrush. how should i use it and for how long?
i had chronic pancreatitis with a  level should i be hospitalized?
what is anaerobic bacteria related to dentistry?
what are the signs and symptoms that a teen might be pregnant?
my husband is /o hx. of stroke  year ago. he awakened yesterday complaining of heaviness to his left arm?
should i go to the er for gallbladder? . i have had a cramping feeling under my right rib for about  hours. it's very dull though. i've also had light stool for about a week. i'm sick though and so even if i had a fever i would not be able to relate it to the gallbladder specifically. i've also had acid reflux for months and stomach problems my whole life. do i need to go to the doctor er or am i fine?
what medication is equivalent to fexofenadine?
my sister snorted meth voice now hoarse mucus in throat is it tonsils?
what good benefits if my wife always eats my sperms?
can mrsa and other staph germs linger on blood pressure cuffs scan thermometers and stethoscopes? . i recently read that mrsa and other very serious staph germs have been detected on every day check-in equipment/instruments at clinics and hospitals. what can we all do to protect ourselves?
i've been on paxil and klonopin for  years and now i have vertigo. is there a connection? . how long is too long to be on medication and can it cause vertigo?
flesh colored birth mark now has discoloration and multiple small black moles is it cancer?
where can i find information on the health insurance plans available and if we qualify for the new plan?
can tri cyclen lo birth control cause severe migranes? . i started getting severe debilitating migraines  months ago and i have been on many migraine therapy medications but nothing is working the only other thing i can think of is my birth control is causing this? or i need an mri to show further results my ct was clear. my ferritin blood test also showed that i was severely iron deficient.
is masturbation the reason for my premature ejaculation?
what causes cancer-related fatigue?
can i get athletes foot on my fingers. the skin on my finger tips thumb and pointer finger has flaky cracked soar patches.
how long does vicodin stay in your system?
i'm beginning to notice that i'm losing strength in my hands things fall out of them what's wrong with me? . if i'm holding on to something and apply medium low pressure it slips out my hands or i just can't maintain grip. when i become upset or angry my hands swell up noticeably and the condition worsens. i'm  years old  in january. hispanic '  lbs. heart disease and diabetes run in my family. please tell me what could be wrong with me. . .
is smoke food (fish meat) not health for people over . thank's. edward
lower abdominal pain. started bear belly button. nausea/vomiting/no fever/cant eat sleep walk/pain increasing. help? . this pain started a week ago and since then it has been increasing ever since. i haven't been able to sleep and the pain gets worse while i caugh lay down and sneeze. i haven't been able to sleep and i am feeling very nauseous. there's also vomiting and no fever. i can't stand up straight or walk straight without the pain increasing. i also can't put pressure on it and the pain is moving towards the right side near the belly button.
is there a corrective surgery for a circumcision that did not heal properly? . when i was  yrs old my mother decided to take me to the philippines and have me circumcised after the returned to the states i noticed there is still plenty of excess skin and i just wanted to know is there a way for me to have this excess skin removed?
i have insulin resistance doc prescribed januvia  will this work?
having irregular periods. trying for my first child. been taking prenatal to help. but nothing seems to help. help? . my husband and i are trying for out first child. i stopped taking my birth control in march. so i've been keeping track of my body to see different changes. and my what's has been going on since i've been off my birth control is one month i'll have period the next month i won't. like for example july i had a period but august i didn't. i've been taking prenatal to help my body get use to them and help when i do become pregnant. but i'm just needing some help to help get pregnant. thanks!
 weeks pregnant my vaginal walls are so swollen i cannot see inside and my pelvis hurts?
if i have my undiagnosed hypertension diagnosed it will become a preexisting condition. why should i have it diagnosed? . in late  always around - lbs at '. semi-active. havent had a checkup in over  years. hypertension has lessened some of what i could do but otherwise i've lived with it just fine. plus i have other medical issues that are more intrusive to my quality of life which will never go away. if i have hypertension diagnosed then it will become a preexisting condition and will cost me  if not  of thousands of dollars in added medical costs during my life.
im pregnant can chlamydia hurt my unborn child?
i woke up on sunday morning with an awful metallic taste in my mouth?
my left side testicle is hurting and pissing blood?
i have no fever but my skin feels hot. what does that mean? . this usally happens mid day and what happens is the core of my body gets hot. my skin is hot to the touch and i feel as though the sun is shining from the inside of my body outwards. it is very frusterating because no matter if i turn the ac on or run ice over my skin in a few minutes the same inner hot feeling comes back.
what are the odds of getting pregnant?
can a woman get ngu? . my boyfriend had ngu and got treatment but could he have pass it to me? and i was treated for an vaginal infection at the same time. i did not have any other std's. but was wondering if i could have ngu also? i don't think my dr. looked for this because i went to get treatment before he was diagnosed with ngu.
how can one find help paying the co-pay for very expensive medicine?
why would a dr. wait until child is  before removing enlarged tonsils & adenoids. difficult swallowing & sleep. child does not want to breathe through mouth. sits up when sleeping child is . low weight for age. hurts to swallow. have been told tonsils & adenoids are enlarged. have questioned sleep apnea but seems to not be concern from dr.
i have been feeling very depressed and it hasnt gone away?
what should i ask of my gynecologist if i want them to check for premature ovarian failure or pof?
is it possible for scoliosis to result in coughing blood up in sputum? . my friend ( y. o) told me that she has scoliosis (diagnosed at a young age was at a mild/moderate degree the family elected not to have a brace) and that over the past year she occasionally coughs up blood (more than a table spoon) with small amounts of mucus in it. i advised her to contact her doctor but i am curious if the two could be interconnected.
how high can the fever go in children with roseola?
how can i prevent a sting reaction?
i had root canal in  still painful – how can i trust doctors after that?
i am suffering from hypothyroidism and taking eltroxin and thyronorm. but cholesterol is raising. what to do?
what is spotting? i am about to get my periods but i see white discharge and discomfort in lower abdomen. what is spotting? i am about to get my periods but i see white discharge and discomfort in lower abdomen. is the white discharge called spotting? i dont feel any symptoms of pregnancy as most people feel and discuss online. but my period was suppose to start on / which has not and i feel discomfort in lower abdomen.
pain in head neck left arm and lower back xray shows degeneration here are my mri results?
i ate yesterday for lunch and all day after i had bad stomach pain in my upper abdomen. i couldn't sleep because it hurt. i regularly smoke. when i drink smoke or eat the pain gets worse. last night i could barley sleep because it hurt so bad. i woke up and got some water and it only made it wose. i had to lay on my stomach and in an hour i was able to finally go to sleep. i have tried antacids and it still didn't help. i need advice!
my child is  months old and has just got this rash on her chest?
is ravioli safe for pregnant women?
what are the risks in an endarterectomy for woman with stenosis at % of the right carotidis?
as a person who has medicare will the new health care law affect my benefits?
can hot weather affect multiple sclerosis?
can you get shingles in the lungs?
injected with measles vaccine eventhough i am immune to measles. any possible side effects negative consequences? . hello . i am . . my mom said i had measles when i was three years old. . because the blood test machine was broken i was given measles vaccine without knowing if i was already immune to measles. . thank you so much for your reply.
hip replaced with radiation now my bones are weak?
is it safe to drink chai tea (with anise) during pregnancy? . i have heard the star anise can be harmful however i can't imagine one small starbucks chai could become fatal or be poisonus in my second trimester. . however i don't want to push it for the safety of my baby. here in utah it's very cold and i'm used to needing to start my winter mornings with a drink but don't like drinking coffee while pregnant the caffine is too much for me as well as the smell. . please advise. thank you!
is there a test or blood test to detect hpv in men?
can radioactive iodine cause infertility? . i am  years old and i want to have children someday down the road. if i have radioactive iodine done to help my hyperthyroidism will that cause me to become infertile?
how is bipolar disorder diagnosed?
is this skin mole dangerous?
i broke my tibia and fibula in a snow blade accident fibula seems displaced?
i have been diagnosed with a chairi malformation experiencing a lot of widespread pain is it autoimmune disease?
i have tissue that hangs out the opening of my vagina after giving birth what is it? . it looks gross and sticks out making it embarrassing to have sex. i've been told it's where my hymen tore from giving birth and it's ok unless it's painful which it isn't. i don't think it's normal and it shouldn't be there i wouldn't think anything should be hanging out the opening of my vagina this causes issues in the bedroom with me as far as being comfortable with myself and what my partner is thinking when down there. please help.
i am having frequent left chest pain – echo stress test ecg all normal?
what kind of skin condition/infection is this? . yesterday an apparent skin infection on my check had swollen half of my face and made it extremely sensitive and sore. i seemed to have brought it down with ibuprofen and ice but the size of the actual bump has not diminished and still hurts. the bump itself looks like a raised inflamed elliptical area slightly over one inch long. the area feels mostly hard underneath while the skin above it feels very dry. what would cause this and should i see a doctor?
i am '  years old and  pounds im trying to loose  pounds how many calories should i eat? . many calories counter wont go below   which i know is way to much because i am very short so can any body tell me how much calories should i be eating my goal weight is  or 
could i possibly be pregnant? . last period may . unprotected sex on june . supposed to start june  still haven't. if you think i'm pregnant when should i take a test? . side notes:. -feel as if i start but don't. . -i was throwing up at  am on saturday the  i was nauseous the rest of the day. . -light cramps. -the guy i had sex with says he only has a % chance of getting someone pregnant. -i have been tired lately i also have been having light heartburn i think. . if anyone can help me it would be greatly appreciated.
if i'm  / weeks pregnant is it safe to ride roller coasters and water rides at a theme park?
when is it safe to do heavy lifting and play contact sports after being infected with mono? . i was infected with mono about  weeks ago. i am training to enter a police force and need to do vigorous workouts and my doctor hasn't been very revealing about when i can safely go back to working out.
i have been suffering from throat pain headache and weakness sickness since last  days.
if you have fluid in your middle ear how do you get it out even with tube in ears?
can my body trick itself into having the same symptoms as pregnancy if im worried about it? . i only had sex for the first time a week and a half ago. i'm on birth control and he used a condom and pulled out. since then i've been worrying constantly about being pregnant. my period isn't due for another  days. i'm feeling nauseous having cramps and headaches recently. i can't tell if these are pregnancy symptoms or just resulting from my anxiety. i took a pregnancy test today and it was negative. is it possible for me to be pregnant or am i just over thinking it?
will getting my female dog spayed calm her down. she only chews on my wifes things credit cards underwear shoes
ear infection? . yesterday / felt a little pressure and itching of right ear and started a dry cough. still have cough but now ear itches more than usual. i use earbuds daily when i play my music at the gym. should i get it checked out or are there any otc's i can use for my ear? . what type of doctor should i see? walgreens clinic ok? currently no insurance.
can stomach inflamation cause weight loss? . he is  severe anemia  stage kidney disease moderate upset stomach. does not hurt when you press on stomach.
my boyfriend pulled out to ejaculate and then put it back in with no condom. can i get pregnant?
i have had a bacterial infection need doctor advice?
i have or think i have parkinsons disease when should i contact my doctor?
what does athlete's foot look like?
i dont get proper motion (bowel movement) and i am hungry dont know whats wrong?
will a  month old hydrocodone prescription keep me from failing a new job ua screening in texas. i was in an automobile accident last week and went to my medicine cabinent and pulled out my remaining hydrocodone from --. i took the remainder over the last few days - pills. i was called for a new job ua tomorrow. i am sure it will be in my screening but will they consider the prescription from  moths ago to allow an exception?
what causes wbc to be high for over a years time?
what to do about chapped foreskin. this might be a weird question but my foreskin gets really dry especially in the winter. i do a lot of skiing and i think it is because of the cold. is there any product that i can use that will help? i have pretty sensitive skin so i'm not sure about using regular moisturizers. would a penis health cream work?
do eating raisins good for heart? . my father has to eat raisins as it is good source of iron. his hb is low. he is also a patient of heart and taking medicines for it? . i want to know whether eating raisins good for heart or not as certain foods good for one thing are not good for another problem. how much quantity of raisins should he take everyday? . regds . rashmi
are certain foods linked with healthy skin? i was told that oatmeal is good for the skin; is that true?
hepatitis in a  year old girl. pooping and peeing blood went in to the hospital and they have been performing various tests to see what is the issue and where is it coming from. after several blood tests and mri scanning they have found that her liver is inflamed (hepatitis hepatomegaly) and her blood liver count is quite high. they also found something next to her liver but yet can't seem to pin point the problem exactly. the doctor wants to pass on her imagining to a surgeon to get further input and opinions. advice?
why does fiber makes me constipated? . i drink plenty of fluids and only started because i am over  and md suggested because of one internal hemorrhoid and one diverticulitis . i have always had the opposite. loose stools since a kid specially under stress lol. i have never had to use a laxative in my life. so whats the scoop? why since i have increased my fiber to more than  grams a day (additional) i have stools that wont move are are harder to pass? do i not need fiber and this is my bodies way of telling me?
why does my penis seem smaller then usual and cannot get an errection. i am  and was fairly healkthy sexually a few years back now i am on antidepresssents anxiety meds. also mild heart meds. should that interfear with my sex life and size of my penis. what can i do to get it on again
bad childhood habits affect me for the rest of my life? . as a child (up until i was /) i was not living a healthy lifestyle- eating way too much sleeping only about  a night on average for a few years not doing exercise spending all day in the tv never flossing never using sunblock brushing teeth once a day (sometimes i didn't even do it once) and as a result i was fat looked tired all the time and had yellow teeth. i have since changed my lifestyle but i want to know if permanent damage has been done and my life expectancy reduced.
can i go on disability if i have been diagnosed with major depression fibromyalgia thalassemia ibs chronic fatigue? . i have already ben out on a  month leave of abscence because of my depression and anxiety. i feel it getting worse even with all the meds i am on. i do see both a psychiatrist and therapist. i just feel since i have been back to work now for the past two months things are getting worse.
will testosterone injections reduce sperm count?
how long do i soak in epsom salts after stitches are removed to help healing? . this is from a dog bite and there is still a lot of redness and swelling. /the bite occurred a week ago on my left hand.
i was diagnosed with diabetes shouldnt my doctor suggest metformin?
can a ear infection cause my face to start flushing? . after getting over a coldish sinus thing my face started flushing. it happens while im just sitting at my desk not doing much. it happens everyday and can last a few minutes or sometimes for like a hour. this has been going on for about  weeks now and now im back to having some sort of sinus thing. i dont have any nasal congestion but i has sinus pressure post nasal drip and now my chest feels tight like its also congested.
if medication for prostate is increased does it take  for affect. started taking medicine for inlarge prostate april of   of finasteride. doctor increased doses to  of same medication in april of . does it still take  or longer for new doses to take affect
i have a lump right at the opening of my vagina. this is on the top of the vagina. is this normal? . i have never noticed this before.
can valtrex get rid of a yeast infection
had tendinitis in my wrist for the past few years now have a ganglion cyst as well?
while brushing his teeth my son noticed the back of his tongue was black. is this something that needs to be treated?
"i have hypersomnia. how do i find the energy to exercise? especially if i feel worse once i've finished. i've talked to my doctor about my excessive sleepiness and it's possibly cfs but that ""diagnosis"" doesn't help me get off the couch. i sleep about  hours a day when i have to work  or  when i don't. the time i don't spend sleeping i spend trying to stay awake. my doctor prescribed me provigil but i'm still fighting with my pharmacy to actually obtain the prescription. i've tried walking but it takes all my energy not to collapse on the pavement after a few minutes. it's miserable."
we have this patient whos veins on upper and lower extremities are no longer accessible due to multiple peripheral insertion?
how many calories per day to loose  pounds a week? . i will be  end of dec. and need to loose at least  pounds to feel better. i'm female and a teacher but do suffer from arthritis. suggestions?
what if i become pregnant while using mirena?
what can you give a -month-old infant for colds and coughs?
what is your definition of a young adult for health insurance purposes?
my  year year old daughter was diagnosed with leg length discrepancy?
how do alcohol and drugs affect a teen with epilepsy?
ive had this off balance/unsteady feeling in my head doctors are clueless?
what is a normal menstrual cycle for a girl under ?
i am a  yr old woman feeling constantly tired all the time its putting my family on the line?
what could be causing an almost hivelike rash to appear on my daughter's skin when she comes in contact with cold liquid. like having a cold bottle of water against her arm makes a raised bumpy rash appear where the bottle touched her. or going swimming in a cold lake. the bumps appeared all over her body.
i have pollen allergy on my skin began to appear purple linear changes?
what are osteoporosis symptoms and signs?
diarrhea and stomach pain. i've been having diarrhea for  days. anything i take into my stomach will have to come out within - min but it will come out only a little at a time and have very bad stomach pain while using the bathroom. i would have to wake up - times at night to use the bathroom but only little at a time comes out. my stomach seem to hurt more if i lay down and also feeling a lot of back pain. don't have any fever but a little head ahead here and there. is this normal?
shoulder disorder can i return back to strength training at least pull ups and push ups? . i had shoulder dislocation  years ago and didn't treated it well just relax & not moving it so much & it become well.  years ago i had another one i went to emergency because it was very painful they returned it to its place and i made mri. the doctor told me that i should make bankart repair. another doctor who was very experienced told me i don't need to make it i stopped strength training & i didn't had any dislocation since  years. can i make pull ups and push ups or it'll cause dislocation?
sharp pain under right breast rt side neck pain cough causes instant migrane on rt side normally migranes on lt side
ear canal itch and red for a month allergic reaction of neomycin-polymyxin drops continuation? . i was diagnosed with otitis externa on my right ear and was prescribed with neomycin polymixin. after  doses my other ear feels strange and the doctor (not ent) told me to apply the drops. next day i got severe itch all over my body and stopped the drops. . i went to several ent used many topical and oral antibiotics but the infection has not cleared up (one month). there's severe itch and redness. is it possible that the neo-poly drops caused a skin rash? in that case no antibiotics would work.
wearing anything synthetic causes extreme nausea faintness and beating heart?
are there hidden side effects for taking high doses of ibuprofen? . i have been taking high doses of ibuprofen for about  years now. im wondering if there are side effect going on with my body that i am not sure about? i thought i had an ulcer a few months ago because my stools were very black and i was in alot of pain. im not sure if this has anything to do with it.
went for  mth mammo after surgery. still need needle biopsy in same place. why wasnt this removed during surgery? . radiologist said there is still a piece at the biopsy site. i dont understand why this wasnt removed during surgery. is it necessary to do this biopsy? i have an appt with my surgeon but not sure how much i trust her now. the biopsy came back negative  mths ago.
diagnosed with celiacs blood in my stools lump right of my anus feeling sick tired dizzy?
i am living in japan and dont know whom to turn to regarding bladder issues. have resorted to wearing pads wear daily and to help my situation having to go to the toilet every half hour or so to relieve. the pads are soaked and i don't know whom to turn to. we are living in japan and translation is difficult as my lack of the language. it started from childbirth although i had a caesarian. i cannot walk down a hill running or jumping is out of the question or exercise without having to go to a restroom. i would appreciate any suggestions or help.
what is atherosclerosis?
what is suppressive therapy for genital herpes?
diagnosed with probable viral meningitis around four years ago having numerous issues?
my girlfriend has an egg-shaped cyst or boil near her pelvic bone. it is very hard and painful. can it be a bartholin? . we placed a small incision and got a little infection out but it is still very painful and almost the size of an egg. it has a line going to the swollen area almost like it is a vein or artery feeding it.
what can you eat with a stent in your heart
i have insomnia have had it for quite a few years. was told i had rbc (red blood cell count)deficiency as well?
i have anorexia nervosa binge purge subtype having sharp pains in my left collarbone region and upper left rib cage?
when do you use dextromethorphan vs guaifenesin
what are the ingredients inibuprofen? . i take a  ibuprofen only as needed for nerve pain. my question is what ingredients are in this medication. i have a legal prescription for it.
are there any over-the-counter meds to help my really gassy baby who doesn't burp well?
i'm  / mths pregnant with a boy and many people are telling me i will grow dark facial hair. if so what can i do? . many people have recently told me that due to the fact that im having a boy i will grow dark facial hair. not meaning a full on beard but like whiskers a few thick dark hairs. some women also tell me that they have had to wax/shave there face. is this true. if so what can i do to stop/control it. im not a ugly chick and to be honest it is really kinda grossing me out knowing im going to have facial hair. please help.
 year old son has a lump on the back of his neck?
what is type b flu?
what are the symptoms of starvation. we are going through tough times and can only afford enough food for our children if we are to pay our basic bills each month until my spouse obtains a job. so that i can best gauge how my husband and i are faring what are the symptoms that our bodies are going into starvation mode or that we are getting to the desperate stage. i know that we must drink more water if we are eating less but that is all i know. thank you.
high thyroid level is surgery or nuclear medicine better?
i no longer have health ins. i've got high blood pressure and have  refills left to my prescription. what can i do?
could diabetes be playing a role in my hair loss?
do you need to take prenatal vitamins your whole pregnancy? . im  months pregnant im just wondering if it is safe to stop taking my vitamins now or should i keep taking them
can adults get hand foot and mouth disease?
is there a herpes test that determines how long your body has been fighting the virus by determing anti body levels?
how soon after strep can i go to work? . started as pnuemonia then  weeks later i got the white spot and raw hamburger looking tonsils. i have been in augmentin now for  weeks. not much change what else is there. .
 and  day smoking after wisdom teeth? concerned how to tell if clot is dislodged. . on tues i had  wisdom teeth taken out and by sat night i was feeling pretty good and drank a good amount of vodka and smoked about two inhales. then sunday night i smoked a water pipe but was slow and careful and rinsed with salt water right afterwards. its now monday night and i only feel a small amount of dull soreness which should be normal but im concerned it could be the beginning of dry socket. would i know if my clot was dislodged as it happened? thanks
i had a lot abdominal pain and the blood test results for my liver were at ?
what causes cystic fibrosis?
does klonopin show up on a urine drug test?
i almost passed out last night  separate times each while doing something completely different can you help me? .  time it happened i was doing my routine workout.  time i was standing up from the dinner table.  time i was taking a shower and ended up falling down. . i have never had this happen before. its a little scary.
can you suggest an outstanding dental health insurance coverage? . can i obtain health insurance to cover breast cancer after-surgery treatment?
is it unhealthy to eat meat and dairy at the same time? . im asking about eating both of them at the same time and not about eating each one seperately.
i just find out by a x ray i have  stables inside of me is it normal after surgery?
my labia minora are swollen with blood. daktarin doesnt work?
why do i have burning during urination once or twice a week? (please see details). i am unsure if it's a uti as it occurs randomly and not a majority of the time i urinate. the stinging usually begins when i am almost done urinating and a short while after. i notice that the urine is not cloudy but when i am done there is a slightly dense and cloudy liquid on the tip of my penis with the urine. after about  minutes the pain goes away and usually doesn't happen for another week. i have wondered if i am drinking too much soda caffeine or if this is some kind of infection.
i have lower back pain when i have to have a bowel movement is this a sign of some other problem? . this happens most of the time first thing in the morning but the back pain continues through the day. it is difficult for me to bend over to pick up things or even to sit
why does my penis itch? . all right about a month ago my penis started to itch. i figured it was just an allergic reaction or dry skin or something. but after a month i figured something was definitely going on. i started researching on the internet and all fingers point to chlamydia or gonorrhea. i called a clinic and they cant get me in until monday. and its thursday. well i sprayed peroxide into my urethra and all of the symptoms cleared up. hopefully the peroxide got rid of everything without doing any damage.
i stepped on a nail. do i need a tetanus shot?
i am out narcotic pain medication what next?
is it possible to fracture a rib from vomiting?
how are patients with viral hemorrhagic fever treated?
when i have pimple or blackheads they leave scars. what should i use?
do i have a concussion? . i headed a soccer ball a few days ago and didn't black out or lose consciousness. it hurt my head for just a bit when i did it but continued to play with no problems. i haven't felt dizzy nor have i felt nausea. but now ever since i've been experiencing like a pressure headache and just don't feel mentally sharp. is this a concussion or something else?
it burns a bit and there is a white milky fluid when i urinate from my penis
throat hurts growth on feet appear fever too?
i'm about  weeks pregnant and i am experiencing menstrual like cramping could i be miscarrying? . a few days ago i experienced very very light old blood but nothing since. i am very stressed could this just be the problem? i was also sick that day with flu like symptoms like i was very dizzy and nauseaed. should i just go and see a doctor to see whats up?
how often can i use medicated sprays or drops?
can ear infection cause neck and shoulder pain
i am on several meds for bipolar disorder and wondered if i can drink alcohol. meds include:. morning:. abilify  mg. buspar  mg. night:. brintellex  mg. lamotrigine  mg. buspar  mg
could i be pregnant? . for a few weeks i have had very tender breast to the point that i wont let my fiance touch me my lower back has been achy and i have been unusually tired and sleeping more than usual. could i be pregnant?
low platelets doctor want to take spleen out. is there an alternative? steroids are not working. platelets fluctuate between   to   for the past year. my spleen is swollen with nodes on it also. steroids are only working for a couple days then count goes back down. they want to take my spleen out. i'm  and mother of    yr old scared this will slow me down more.! should i try holistic approach and why would my spleen be swollen.
i've been smoking crack regularly now my limbs go numb chest gets tight and head fills with pressure am i in danger. hi i have been using crack cocaine recently and i'm starting to have complications. when i take a hit no matter how small my left arm immediately stiffens then tingles i a feeling of a lot of pressure in my head a spot in my chest on the last side swells up my throat tightens especially on the left side and its hard to breathe i also feel tight in my lower back. i know it's wrong to use i need to know whether these symptoms are life threatening or not.
what is prostate cancer?
why use water with cpap. do you have to use water with cpap machine and why
menopause or pregnant? . i am a  year old female and i have been using contraceptives for almost + years and this is the first time i have missed my menstrual cycle. i am late for  days now. i feel like bloated and all the symptoms of the start of your cycle is what i am feeling now but not sure if i need to wait couple more days before i bought a home pregnancy test but i know my body and before that my partner and i did not have any intercourse  weeks before my cycle. please help.
my chpw one of the state of wa health insurance plans for low income sent a letter that they are cancelling my plan. after dec.  i won't have any insurance. they say that i don't qualify because i don't have an income. i need help. will i qualify for assistance? will my -year-old son working  jobs to pay rent qualify for something affordable?
how long after missing a pill do i need to take precautions to prevent against pregnancy?
stopped prednisone will i suffer withdrawal will i suffer adrenaline crisis?
can i take pepcid complete if i am taking the beta-blocker atenolol?
"how does husband address a lack of intimacy sex because wife is on anti-depressants? . my wife has been on combination of anti-depressants for most of our marriage. i love her am a ""'til death do us part"" type but have grown increasingly frustrated and feel neglected because she now is very even keel doesn't express affection isn't interested in sex. she sees a therapist (as do i) but i wonder if her therapist focuses on her well-being individually and not in the context of our marriage. i've broached the subject don't know if there is an answer. is there any hope?"
after ejaculating. i washed my penis with warm and cold water. my penis tuchd outside of sink the bathroom is shared. in a dormetry/ hostel style environment. can i catch anything? would i have to wait for any signs to show physically whether i have caught anything?
is thrush caused if girl  has yeast infection &  does oral sex? then boy  has sex with girl . now girl  has it.
can i ever have grapefruit again if i take a statin?
i've had a sore throat for  days and it is not strep with no other symptoms could it be throat cancer
what are symptoms of pneumonia. chest pain when coughing deep. cough from being very hot an sweaty inside a cold store
does valtrex diminish the effectiveness of the flu vaccine?
can aleve ibuprofen or hydrocodone cause a false positive test for thc? . my boyfriend is on probation he failed his first test after  days of not smoking or eating marijuana. keep in mind he is almost  lbs he had a tooth removed the week prior to his test was taking ibuprofen aleve and the hydrocodone he was given from the dentist so now he is sitting in jail with no bond even though he has not used marijuana is it possible that the pain relievers i just listed can cause a false positive result in his test? and if so can it make your levels of thc increase? .
what would cause a healthy  year old girl to have a rash on her genitals that resembles diaper rash? . she was with her father for the weekend and admitted she didn't bathe for  days! is the rash a result of not being clean or could it be something else? ! i have not seen this rash on her since she was potty trained at .
what time of day should vitamin d be given?
what are the risk factors for pelvic organ prolapse?
had allergic reaction to ibuprofen in july bladder went into spasms?
i cant eat more food or i will get the sick feeling?
hypothyroidism. i just had my blood works done and my doctor saw that my calcium levels are slightly above my normal range. my potassium has been low for quite some time now as well. for the past  to  years i have been feeling tired intermittently. i don't sleep well and when i wake up (even with  hours of sleep) i don't feel rested. also i've noticed that i've been having low-grade fever. i seem to be more sensitive to cold weather. i noticed also that i can feel some hot areas on my skin.
when i wake up in the morning i experience self-attacking thoughts and feelings?
should a cook with an eye stye work
i had blood in my semen twice. do i have cancer or something serious? . about a week ago there was a very small amount of blood in my semen. now about a week later it happened again. im  in good health. i havent sustained any injuries to my groain. im going to see a urologist next week but im paranoid. i do urinate frequently but have for years now and have been told that there is nothing wrong with me by  different urologists.
heart attack victim treated with stents. fever still spiking while treated with antibiotic. heart attack victim did not seek immediate medical treatment. treated with  stents in  different surgeries. fever still spikes late afternoon - evening even though on antibiotic for several days.  different drs treating different aspects but no one dr/hospitalist overseeing the situation entirely. we need help
numbness of the tongue causes. my husband has type  diabetes and has been expierencing numbness of the tongue. he also has peripheral aertial disease. could either one of these cause the numbness of the tongue?
what are the symptoms of migraine headaches?
i take hydrocodone /. what does the / mean?
what are the symptoms of acid reflux disease?
i had bad reaction to kidney stent and removal constant drip of blood from penis?
ive recently had an hysterectomy do test results show i have cancer?
im using an anti-aging cream that contains retinyl palmitate. would this improve my acne and acne scars?
i have had blood in my stool for five days. abdominal pain cramps nausea and sweating
how will health reform affect employees who currently have insurance through their employer?
does magi under the aca subsidy eligibility calculation exclude a roth conversion? . for irs purposes modified adjusted gross income (magi) is calculated by subtracting certain items of income included in adjusted gross income (agi). one of those items is a conversion of funds held in a traditional ira to a roth ira. i need to know if the magi calculation is the same for purposes of the aca or is there a difference?
gas discharge from my vagina. i am experiencing gas discharge from my vagina feels like a bubbly discharge no odor no burning.
which men's underwear is biologically healthier the boxer or the boxer brief (the tight one) with regard to fertility? . which men's underwear is biologically healthier the boxer or the boxer brief (the tight one) specifically with regard to fertility? .
my husband is currently employed by a large corporation and i am covered by his health care plan. . what will the affordable care act mean for individuals like me? will my plan change? will it cover less? will it last much longer after the affordable care act is enacted? also i would like to know who qualifies for the new healthcare plan.
why am i hearing my heartbeat in my right ear? . just recently i have started hearing my heartbeat in my right ear. this came on suddenly. i am a  year old female with no particular health issues. what could be the cause of this? anything to worry about?
i am unable to find the hcg shots to add to my medication list. how it is listed in the database of meds?
my heart seems to be skipping a beat. will beat  times then skip a beat. what would be causing this?
is cirrhosis contagious
what are some tips for getting pregnant faster?
i suspect aaa might be causing my abdominal pain. should i see my long time cardiologist or family dr about my symptoms? . i had heart valve replacement  years ago. i'm due for my annual echocardiogram in a couple months. should i see my family doctor or my cardiologist about my abdominal pain? i would like to rule out aaa as soon as possible.
i have been having a headache for two weeks now not even pain killers or sinus pills are working?
since birth i dont recall having any sense of smell?
my son has lost the enamel from his two front teeth. what can i do to help him?
been getting chest pains for years ekg shows problem p wave. did i have heart attack?
i was checking my husband's testicles and i felt a peanut size lump above his left testicle not sure if we should worry? . we are both without insurance right now it would be nice to know if i should just keep an eye on it or if it will just go away?
i have been constantly hungry and hot lately. even if the air conditioner is on high and i ate  minutes earlier why? . this just started a couple of days ago and i am not sure what could be wrong.
// : nyc. my question is about csf leaking from the nose. what exactly is the cause and cure? . i was injured in a car accident.
why am i worried after sex? . my girlfriend and i were being intimate i penetrated her briefly and pulled out twice then we stopped. i didnt reach climax and i still maintained a erection. should i be worried?
can i get pregnant if i had my period from oct  to oct  and had unprotected sex oct ? . i have  day cycles and just came off the mirena sep 
will i be fully covered for dental vision medical and prescriptions once i register for health insurance?
how can i get treatment for scabies with no insurance or money. i know the house that i live in is infected with scabies. i have no insurance and no money to even make arrangements with a doctor's office. i don't know what to do. how am i going to get rid of this if i don't even have a little money to go and see a doctor. please help. i do not want to infect anyone else.
can herbal nasal sprays treat pertussis? . the nasal spray was made using oregano and eucalyptus.
my daughter-in-law is three months pregnant and has sinus drainage and her ears hurt. what can she can do for relief?
how do you get rid of a chest cold?
im embarrassed but i have pubic lice.
am i pregnant? . my boyfriends penis touched my hole but there was no penetration or ejaculation. i might have been ovulating but i don't know. i peed  minutes after it and took a shower the next night. i also took a morning-after pill  days after it happened and a test that came out negative. could i be pregnant?
for shoulder pain radiating down arm is heat or cold better? . after working out with a trainer that night my arm kept me up most of the night with throbbing pain especially around the elbow. during the day pain is not bad at night it is terrible. taking alieve. not sure if i should put cold packs or heating pad on arm.
can a  year old addicted to masturbation have prostate cancer? . i am a  year old guy from india. i have been addicted to masturbation since i was . i once masturbated when i had typhoid and my left testicle enlarged(about thrice). now it's shrunk to a really small size. i sometimes(rarely) have pain in my penis after i masturbate but mostly when i have to pee. no other symptoms. could it be prostate cancer? i mean does it happen to a  year old?
- pills of lorazpem a half a bottle of nyquil and  beers in the same night. side effects? . a male weighing  lbs. could it cause death?
i have blood in urine convinced it could be cancer?
can i get pregnant from dry humping while i was ovulating? he didn't ejaculate. i was wearing shorts with built in underwear liner and a lace thing. he was wearing boxers and cargo shorts. there was no wet spot on his shorts or on the outside of mine. i had discharge because i was ovulating. he said he was % sure he didn't ejaculate. i rubbed on his stomach not directly on his shorts. could i be pregnant?
how can i get even skin tone on my face?
can testosterone injections cause anxiety. my husband has increased his testosterone injection. his depression and anxiety has skye rocketed. can the increase be causing this?
how many calories are burned during  minutes of vinyasa yoga?
i am female i shaved my face to get all peach fuzz. now i am breaking out badly. i was noticing all the hair on my face(peach fuzz) and now i have broken out really bad. why? are women just not supposed to shave their cheeks upper lip area.?
can a methylprednisolone injection in the spine cause muscle spasms? . i had an steroid methylprednisolone injection in the sacroiliac joint  days ago and am now having severe muscle spasms at night mostly in the legs but in my fingers as well. does this steroid have anything to do with the spasms?
are there natural supplements that can increase a man's testosterone level? . i know that losing weight and exercise especially weight lifting can help increase one's testosterone levels? . but are there any natural supplements that can increase testosterone levels?
can you become pregnant with the same symptoms as having your period? . my last cycle was august . i have had cycle like symptoms{headache nausea breast tenderness mood swings} but no period. i am sexually active. for the past two weeks have been feeling very nauseous but no vomiting. i bled on september  but only for an hour. since then the nausea has worsened and sometimes i can barely stand.
do sunflower seeds have cholesterol? . i am trying to lower bad cholesterol. bmi is .  (i do need to exercise more) ldl-c  lpap . . i noticed some foods like oatmeal have saturated fat (. )but zero cholesterol and some foods like non-fat yogurt have zero fat and yet has cholesterol. i just ate a big bowl of plain non fat yogurt with fruit and i was surprised when i read the label to find it had  mg of cholesterol. i was still hungry and wondering if sunflower seeds have cholesterol?
pain left side below the rib cage & above the hip bone hunger pains eating helps but still pain lots of gas. age  pain for  months had colonoscopy before that no symptoms also had robotic hysterectomy ( days) ago (drs thought ovarian cancer scare) pain persists. what is on the left side of the body below the rib cage & above hip bone actually hurts to lie on the left side like laying on a rocks. . . . help. .
my doctors are putting me in physical therapy for my vertigo from  to  weeks will it help and what should i expect. i have had mri and been to all the drs. now my ent is sending me here i have been on meclizine since 
can high blood pressure cause ringing in the ears
what does it mean when your top # is high but bottom one is normal. as in  over ? pulse also . i am male . walk for excercize moderate smoker and drinker slightly overweight take bp meds.
can you replace a detatched retina. i shot my eye out  years ago and the surgery was a failure. i am totally blind and was wondering if in the last  years there was a way to restore a retina that has been out of commission for so long
why does my bum burn when i go pee? . i have irritable bowel syndrome and i get diarrhea at least once a day so i think my bum is getting the skin rubbed off and it burns when i urinate what can i do to fix this its not fun.
i cut myself shaving can i get necrotizing fasciitis? please help sacred. i was shaving and cut myself in arm groin and armpit. it's been  or more hours. no fever no vomiting no swelling no redness no discoloration no fluids and wounds have scabs nothing out of the ordinary. today i woke up with arm pain in my left arm. hurting since i woke up from  to now . just slight pain like if its sore twitchy and feel a slight throb with a tingling sensation on my back shoulder blades. no change in appearance. i've felt this pain before. should i go to er?
fingers numb and tingle belly bloated uti fallopian tube hurts?
for a month my lips knuckles bottom of my feet eyelids and tongue have been swelling with hives. can you help? . i'm miserable and concerned because i am nursing my -month-old.
my sister has  fever along with headache bodyache and vomitting feeling what immediate first aid can be given
i have pain higher up on the left side of my chest and in my left armpit
when i eat spicy food within  minutes i get loose-motion. it is a real problem for me. please advice a solution. when i eat spicy food within  minutes i get loose-motion. also a growling sound comes from my stomach. it is a real problem for me. please advice a solution.
i am reducing citalopram dose from  to . i feel nauseous dizzy lightheaded. sweating. sore throat and chills.
what happens if a sperm with abnormal form fertilizes an egg? is it even possible?
my penis is slightly bend towards right does it going to affect my sex life and how to cure it. i have this condition since birth.
i have breathing problemsis it related to my stuttering?
i have a small lump on my penis what is it? i have been with the same girl for  years almost and no problems. i have a small painless lump on my penis that has been here for a few days. i have no idea what it is i have been with the same girl for  years with no problem. maybe it is a pimple.? it looks similar to a wart so i am really concerned. i had a wart on my finger could that have been something to do with it? or is it just a random pimple? . here are  high res pics. <link> <link>
are there has possibilities that i am pregnant even if i pull out his sperm out from my vagina? help me please <negative_smiley>
if mold is a microscopic fungi does that mean a person allergic to mold might be allergic or sensative to mushrooms?
i have a tiny mole is this cancer?
is peeling from the nippels a sign of pregnancy?
do surgeons look for marijuana in a urine test during pre-admission testing for open hip surgery? . i am going to undergo open hip surgery to correct an abnormality. before surgery is a pre-admission test that they run on patients that include a urine sample. i'm not a smoker but i did smoke marijuana recently and i was wondering if that would show up in the urine sample or if i should make that aware to my anesthesia doctor that i consult with before hand?
kindly suggest me a therapy to overcome heat allergy.
i'm  days late for period and got a faint second line on pregnancy test this morning. i'm i pregnant or not? . have been trying for months to get pregnant. i am now  days late for my expected period and having pretty bad stomach and abdominal cramping. i have noticed constipation last couple weeks as well as muscle cramping in my legs. headaches come and go much more frequently and are worse with stress. i took a first response pregnancy test this morning and got a very faint second line. i don't want to get my hopes up what do i do now? am i pregnant?
what is performance anxiety with erectile dysfunction?
is it possible to contract anything from getting semen in an open wound?
does hormone replacement therapy help slow down aging?
do i require surgery?
i have irritation/redness just on the inside of the tip of the penis? does this sound like a uti or a std?
how much does each treatment cost?
how long should a uti take to clear up while using azo. i have been taking azo for my uit for over a week and my uti hasn't cleared up yet and i was wandering how long it takes to clear up while taking the azo pills
i had a full blown grand mal seizure now having pains right beneath my right ribs?
i have pustular psoriasis. i have small blisters on my hands and feet that bleed. what can i do? . i have been told that it is not curable. people seem to see it and think they can get it. help!
my mother in law has been ill for a month today. feeling very tired. loss of appetite?
when should you abstain from sex during pregnancy?
how do i know if i have an enlarged heart? . recently a teenager in my area died unexpectedly from an enlarged heart. i found that many times there are no symptoms; it scares me to think that you could die of something so unexpected not even knowing about it. my imagination is on overdrive now and every little thing i notice scares me. for instance left rib by my heart protrudes a little more than the right and i have varicose veins where my stomach is and sometimes chest pains. i don't know if it's all in my head or not. thank you.
i was bitten about  times in a night by mosquitoes  days ago & i haven't been feeling right. . do you think that maybe i contracted something? i've been feeling weak dizzy muscles are tense & bones are a little achy & my stomach is messed up!
just began tamiflu-current fever . .  old. acetaminaphin ok? (tested positive with nose swab)
how can i get help for the emotional effects of lupus?
what causes portal hypertension?
does catching a cold have anything to do with exposure to cold weather?
will exercising the vaginal muscles make my vagina tighter?
my son has a bulge on his leg across from his penis that hurts to gently touch. any ideas what this might be? . the bulge is about the size of a half dollar and when he gets up in the morning he limps because it hurts so much. his dad thinks it might be hernia but i just don't know. i also don't know if that is the groin or not.
how soon might someone have side effects from radiation therapy?
are these injuries related? . do black eyes typically accompany a concussion? my brother recently showed up with a huge bump on his head. there is no broken skin on the head face forehead or nose. yet he also has two big black eyes. i believe he was beaten and did not stumble into a wall as he claims.
my husband is lethargic sleeps a lot during the day is losing weight and has no appetite?
i was due to get my depo shot in mid august but due to insurance issues i couldn't. . i have not gotten my period in the  years i was on it or after i stopped it. it is now october. i just took a pregnancy test and it came back positive. i thought it took awhile to get out of your system. seeing that i haven't gotten my period how can i figure out how far along i am?
my girlfriend is feeling very dizzy spacy and lethargic what should she do? . she was nauseous all night last night at work (she works third shift). this morning she was still nauseous when she went to bed. woke up very weak feeling as time has gone by this evening she is very dizzy and feeling very spaced out and lethargic. has no energy to really move. what could be causing this
my kid was diagnosed with hand foot and mouth disease by one doc and chicken pox by another?
are carbs good or bad?
my hands tremble feel nerve pain and stomach pain after masturbating?
how can chlamydia be prevented?
how can i help prevent tooth decay while my child is a baby?
diffuse large b cell lymphoma – primary mediastima : abnormal non mass like circumferential mucosal hyperdensity present
tear at vaginal opening due to a slip during intercourse. during intercourse there was a bit of a slip as a result i now have about an inch long tear along one side of my vaginal opening. i didn't actually notice it until several minutes later when we were cleaning up. it bled and is still bleeding (very lightly). i've kept it as clean as i can is there anything that i can put on it for the pain and speed the healing process (like antiseptic spray tea tree oil vinegar anything else)? this makes walking sitting and urinating very painful.
will penicilen cure an uti?
what are the signs or symptoms of sepsis (blood poisoning)?
i have severe arm pain when i wake up in the mornings from my landscaping job. what can i do to help with this pain?
i am a man taking minoxidil. is there any danger for my pregnant wife (and future baby) through ejaculating inside her?
having spotting after emergency contraceptive pill. is there anything to worry?
ive also got grade  asthma i went for a chest x-ray they said that was fine but i still have a wheezing cough and pains?
can a cataract cause amblyopia in an adult?
if someone i know had scarlet fever months ago could they still be carrying the bacteria and be infectious? . while my tonsils are not very swollen the pockets that they sit in are. i've never seen that before and i always look when i have a sore throat. i was in contact  days ago with a child that had been diagnosed with scarlet fever a few months back and he did not come to school again on friday. i'm just wondering if i'm on the right path with what i might have.
do female condoms protect against stds?
both sides of my face eyes and nose twitch (convulsive movement) what should i do?
can electrolysis cause cancer?
can taking fish oil supplements help my hair grow healthier?
small white bumps on female pubic area with hard centers. they do not hurt. hi i am a  year old female and i started noticing small white bumps on my pubic area and a few on my inner thigh. they do not hurt. when i pop them a small hard substance comes out and it bleeds alot. heals in a couple of days. i am married and have not ever had an std. what could it possible be? should i go to the doctor?
just stopped taking birth control realistically how long could it take me to get pregnant? . i'm  and have been taking yaz religiously since i was  or . i stopped taking the pills during week  of my last pack and started my period  days later. how could my taking birth control for so long effect my chances of getting pregnant? also before i started on the pill my period was very heavy and very irregular. how should i go about timing when to take pregnancy tests?
i am currently  days late for my period.  negative hpts. with hormonal symptoms. could i still be pregnant? . my last cycle was //. my fiance and i are not currently using any methods of birth control. i do have some symptoms; sore and tender breasts- especially close to the nipple nausea in the morning- but i've had a similar issue in the past from stress. newer symptoms have occurred lower abdomen discomfort; almost like a sore muscle and it hurts to lay on my stomach for long periods of time. i've also had strange bouts of dizziness. could i be pregnant?
prognosis leaking aortic & mitral valves w/ pulmonary hypertension. open heart done; decision made of no action.  yrs ago received metal aortic valve. recent testing showed leaking mitral & aortic leaking & needed replacement. also pulmonary hypertension established. got reopened nothing done and closed back up. sob is awful but pulse ox is  or . prognosis - long term sort term?
does aspirin help prevent heart attacks and strokes?
arthritis on its own or arthritis as a result of an inflammatory bowel disease? . i was diagnosed with arthritis when i was twelve. i am now nineteen and am seeing a doctor this summer because i have developed symptoms of an inflammatory bowel disease. i know that arthritis can develop as a symptom of inflammatory bowel diseases. how do i know if i have arthritis and an inflammatory bowel disease or if i just have arthritis as a symptom of an inflammatory bowel disease? is there a distinction between the two in treatments?
if there is a possibility that he had precum on his fingers and then fingered me what are the chances of being pregnant. i took plan b a little less than  hours later. i felt cramps the next day (maybe ovulation) and fatigue after the plan b pill but i don't know if it's all in my head. also how soon can i take a pregnancy test if i need to? my cycles are always really irregular but my last one started july  if that helps. thank you!
through health care reform can i just insure my kids (not parents)?
what are the dangers of multiple piercings?
"i'm  yr female fairly active. the last yr having extreme pain in & around knees or feet frequently unable to walk. intermittant pain started  / yrs. ago progressively more frequent. ortho. diagnosed minor arthritis not enough to cause pain & advised was inflammation of joints. used topical anti-inflammatories aleve & several modalities without consistant relief. has drastically lowered quality of life. weight gain & depression setting in as a result. unable to obtain adequate help from local doctors or specialist accept that ""it will get worse"". any suggestions would be helpful."
can a -year-old take an over-the-counter antihistamine and motrin or tylenol at the same time? what about an adult?
does effexor xr add to hot flashes or relieve them?
how can i prevent bed bug bites?
i have extream anxity and panic. i cant control it and it's making me crazy. what can i do?
written in bold black letters & # s . i am told that it s an analgesic pill for pain. thank u! . please help me understand what kind of medication this pill with the  in bold black letters&# s written on one side was told that it was an analgesic but would like a professional opinion as out here in the boonnies where i live the pharmascist doesn t have a clue? please advise asap. i ve had  bypasses a diaphram replacement degenerative heart disease no  disc nobody can say. neuropathies in both feet. please help me. help! thank you kindly. bp
is my husbands low pulse rate something to worry about. he is on high blood pressure and this morning at  am his blood pressure was <negative_smiley> with a pulse of . earlier this morning his pulse was .
i have a growth on skin it is indented in and the scab like thing over it is as hard as a rock
i've been dealing with seborrheic dermatitis for about a year. how can i further control and prevent it?
is afrin safe during the third trimester of pregnancy
my husband has a swollen finger and now his knee and foot are swollen what kind of dr should he see?
idid a transvaginal examination with unusual results? i m afraid of not getting pregnant in the future.
can some one get hiv by masturbation (solo) if he/she is still a virgin & is not involved in any sexual activity. i
do i need to stay on cholesterol drugs forever?
"can stepping on a rusty nail cause death? . my grandfather stepped on a rusty nail many years ago and died from ""rust poisoning"" is that the same as sepsis?"
how safe is the whitening process? is it effective long-term?
my mothers left lung had collapsed but doctors dont know why?
do panic attacks cause burping fits?
my two year old has had diarrhea for at least  months. three doctors we've seen aren't worried. i am! please help! . her weight went from being in the  percentile at age  months to less than the  percentile at age two. she has diarrhea all day every day. to be honest i don't think she has ever had a normal bowel movement her whole life.
is diarrhea a symptom of lung cancer?
is this a symptom of post nasal drip or something a little more serious? . i spent the weekend at a relative's home and they have a cat. i'm allergic to cats so naturally my eyes were irritated i was sneezing and a bit congested. after about a week the sneezing and congestion went away but i began to cough. it started off as a dry cough but now after about two weeks it sounds pretty horrible and there's quite a bit of mucus. is this a symptom of post nasal drip or something a little more serious?
is there any way cannibas can show up in a urinalysis other than ingestion? . my mother in law is  so it's doubtful that she took up smoking without our knowledge.
my mother () just tested positvie for mono for the  time in  months. she hasn't kissed anyone in many years why? . she was so weak and tired last year i thought we were going to loose her. she has been back to her normal self for about  months until two weeks ago when she tested positive for strep and an ear infection. she has been on antibotics for  weeks and asked the dr to test her again for mono and the test came back positive. . she hasn't kissed anyone in many years. could something else be causing a false positive. are there any other tests she should ask for to rule out something they are missing.
my wisdom teeth have come in and are beginning to rot. if they don't become infected will they fall out? . will the nerve die? or if the tooth is gone will the root still hurt?
my daughter is  months old has had severe feeding issuesshe lives on applesauce and fruitmelts and formulatests normal. she has had feeding issues since birth formula refusal throwing up entire bottle  to  times a day she also has hip dysplsia so far medical test are normal what should i do what is the matter with my baby
i have central posterior disc herniation with annular tear?
should i have to pay the bill if the doctor makes a medical error?
what increases the risk of getting rh sensitization during pregnancy?
if you have over used nazal decongestants so you are realy conjested can you still use a saline solution
what is chlamydia?
i have a freckle the size of a pencil eraser. it recently changed colors and size on the outer edge. do i need to worry?
i have injury in right leg need surgery or is there another option?
i have a middle ear infection doctor gave me a prescription for amoxicillin need second opinion?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of p. n.?
will i get better faster if i spit out the mucus i hack up instead of swallowing it? . i'm not sure if i've got a cold or some kind of infection but i've noticed that my throat feels a bit more clear if i spit out whatever i cough up instead of just swallowing it back down. obviously my throat is cleared out until new stuff forms. it actually feels less scratchy and sore too. i'm just wondering if this cold or whatever it is will run its course faster if i continue to spit the gook out.
can a prescribed steroid to eliminate a cough damage the pancreas and cause related symptoms? . from nov-dec had a cold with cough that didn't want to leave. i took a prescribed steroid a few days then some digestive problems slowly develop in january. dull pain left side won't stop. i've had several scans scopes up/down blood tests - all normal! so tired of this dull pain belching strange tiny bumps on my skin on my abdomen and back tired/fatigue feeling. no diarrhea or vomiting at all. no jaundice but eyes often hurt especially skin just below eyes feel like a sunburn. pre-canc?
where does shingles appear. what parts of the body i think i might have again in a different place center of back at bra line
can a man with klinefelter syndrome have babies?
when i am lightly touched i feel skin discomfort and a sort of burning pain. my girlfriend will lightly touch me or rub me and i cannot stand it. it has nothing to do with intimacy. it happens all the time. if she touches my skin firmly it feels good but when its a lighter touch it feels like it burns and hurts. i have no skin disorders and am a healthy  year old male.
is there a connection between fibromyalgia and restless legs syndrome?
can a woman get a yeast infection in her eyes or nose that have allergy like symptoms from touching her vagina then eye?
how can humana dis-enroll me as my health insurance plan is for a retired teacher and with the school board? . humana was mandatory and took the place of medicare. it will end for me on oct.  and i was just notified.
electric type shock in buttocks rectum down leg doctor dont know cause
can sinusitis or allergies cause a swollen lymph node under my arm?
does beer really help a uti?
is it possible to be feeling symtoms of pregnancy - days after ovulation? . i am experiencing slight breast tenderness weird twitches in my lower pelvic region and slight back pain. i had this with my  pregnancy but miscarried at  weeks. i know it's too early to probably blood or urine test. need some advice! thanks <positive_smiley>
i am in florida and currently have a bc/bs individual health insurance plan. . bc/bs is cancelling my plan and assigning a new plan to me. their letter said that i will get that plan unless i change by nov. . can i change plans between now and jan.  or am i stuck with the assigned plan?
can delsym cough syrup cause an increase in blood pressure?
my son brought home cell-tech hardcore pro series dietary supplement. are there any risks or dangers from this product?
i was diagnosed with a brain tumor as well as fluid on the brain losing memory?
can someone get pregnant if the condom didn't bust. can someone get pregnant if the condom didn't bust my girlfriend say she didn't saw her period this month which we has sex in this month  of november she said the month end and she didn't see it. can it be because she has been stress she didn't see it?
is it safe to have sex if i am spotting between my periods?
my -year-old takes an otc antihistamine and steroid nasal spray but still has a cough. can i give her cough syrup?
what if i want to become pregnant or want to stop using implanon for another reason before three years?
does it matter how the doctor presents concerns about your weight?
i am sick with the flu. my blood is /. is that to low? . i am a  year old female. i smoke a pack of cigarettes a day. i have a slight fever headache a cough sinus pressure and just feel bad. i have a history of high blood pressure and take blood pressure medication. i am just concerned that my blood pressure might be to low. is it to low?
my  year old daughter complained of terrible stomach pain took her to the doctor?
what are my health insurance options if i'm disabled and have medicare and medicaid right now?
what if my family already has nc medicaid but nc is not expanding medicaid for ? . what am i supposed to do for health insurance coverage?
how does coffee affect a cold? . this that help a cold is drink lots of hot liquids so it says. does this mean that drinking coffee is considered a helper in fighting a cold.
my current doctor refused to continue my narcotic pain medication because i can not afford physical therapy self pay. i'm self pay no insurance. my current pain doctor recommended physical therapy i explained that i couldn't afford therapy my next appointment. i wasn't even seen by my doctor. instead by someone i've never met telling me he is withholding my medication until i pay and complete  weeks of physical therapy. no payment plans or options were evn offered to me. i left and called back and requested a discharge letter. i haven't received a discharge letter or even a return call. what should i do?
i was on birthcontrol for  months the last three days of every pack i spotted. i went off birthcontrol. . so i went off birthcontrol and am using condoms. i don't know when my period is or when i'm supposed to get it. i think i might be pregnant. when should i take a pregnancy test?
is there a relationship between having anemia and hypoglycemia? does one affect the other?
i have a itchy rash that comes and goes what could be causing this? . the rash appears in different areas of my body for an example a rash showed up on my wrist and stayed a while and went away. later the same day it appeared on my stomach and then on my thighs etc. its itchy while it is present. at one point my hands first turned red and then start to itch really bad to the point i had to wash my hands repeatedly. i work in the medical field so i wash my hands a million times a day. what could be causing this reaction?
what to do when toenail comes off. i am a diabetic but my toe nail was getting thick and discolored and it came off what should i do to treat it or should i see my diabetic doctor
my -year-old has been throwing up for about  hours and hasn't gone to the bathroom in  hours. what should i do?
me and this guy had unprotected sex i'm on birth control. on my maybe  pack. taking this pack on time. pregnant? . the other packs before sometimes i wouldnt take it at the same time but never missed a pill. and this pack that ive started i've taken my pills at the same time everyday for the first week i've completed so far. he said he didn't cum at all. but should i still worried about getting pregnant?
does secondhand smoke go through a machine that makes oxygen off room air? is it dangerous to people with copd? . i have emphysema and quit smoking + years ago when diagnosed. i was able to get off oxygen after leaving the hospital and manage to work. three years ago i have moved to a building where the person on the other side of the wall is a heavy smoker. since then i have become dependent on an oxygen machine. could this second hand smoke be the cause of my decline over the past three years and does it get sucked through the oxygen machine?
can i take prednisolone for asthma?
can albuterol register a false positive on a drug test?
i have burning sensations on my chest and whole body had false diagnosis need second opinion?
had tendinitis in my wrist for the past few years now have a ganglion cyst as well?
i had a face lift two weeks ago i now have nerve damage on left side of my face?
in the future will there be better ways to know if medicines are safe to use during pregnancy?
how is c. difficile passed from person to person
my insurance company wants to send a doctor to my home to evaluate my wife and me. why? . they have never done this before. my wife has ra. can they cancel her before obamacare?
i have pain and limited movement along right body side?
can you get pregnant while having unprotected sex while on the depo shot and the nuvaring? . on july  i got the depo shot and on july  i got put on the nuvaring due to bleeding. after the bleeding stopped i had unprotected sex and having the same pregnancy symptoms i had with my last child. with my last child i had pregnancy symptoms this early and it has me worried.
what does it mean when temp is below normal. have been ill with flu like symptoms but temp has gone down to . 
how contagious is chlamydia? my now ex bf tested positive and i am negative. my bf and i were pregnant i lost the baby but not before i got tested for all std's. which all came back negative. my bf and i did not have sex after we found out i was pregnant but just last week he called and told me he was positive for chlamydia. how likely is it that i didn't get it if he had it when we had unprotected sex for  months?
is there a particular website or link to go to for health insurance enrollment?
im a  yr old white female have mitral valve regertation. i pushed my shin bone it stayed dented no pain or swelling? . i feel ok i have a headache slight shortness of breath but i have a short fuse and hot temper.
i have been feeling extremely exhausted and unable to do basic tasks need advice?
i have been dealing with a shaking sensation when my muscles are under stress/load?
how can i manage nausea or vomiting during pregnancy?
the steroid nasal spray for my  year old son is for use in children  years & older. why did his doctor prescribe it? . will the amount of steroid in the nasal spray weaken his immune system?
i have celiac sprue and my doctor prescribed bystolic to treat it. does this medication contain wheat?
i have a mild pain on the left side of my stomach along with fatigue and lightheadedness. . i'm also slightly thirsty though i'm usually that way. to my knowledge i don't have type  diabetes. i'm  weigh  pounds and have previously lost  pounds. i recently took a small break from eating healthy and exercising however but have gained no weight. i think it could possibly be appendicitis but i'm not sure.
is it safe for a -year-old to take lodine for her seasonal allergies?
how can i tell if i am pregnant or starting menopause? i am  month shy of  years old but my peiod is very light. more like spotting. i do not have any other signs of either pregnancy or menopause like tenderness or hot flashes or mood swings. we had sex around day  of my cycle. i started spotting on the day i was to start my period. i have never been pregnant so i have no prior knowledge. should wait a few more days or should i get a pregnacy test?
hi i'm  weeks pregnant i took half a  temazepan tablet twice in the past  weeks before i knew. is this v harmful
is bee pollen safe to use for weight loss? . i have seen many before and after picures of people that have taken bee pollen and lost a significant amount of weight. is it safe to use for this? .
how does positive self talk break the stress cycle?
ive got bulimia and im on lamictal for bipolar disorder i now have mushroom looking lumps on my tongue?
i broke my collarbone back in  my chest seems to have become a bit deformed since the incident?
how should i manage breast changes during pregnancy?
can you get pregnant one day before your fertility window is to start? . i had unprotected sex with my husband one day before my fertility window was to begin. my period ended on nov.  and my fertility window was to start on nov. . we had unprotected sex on nov. . could there be a chance i could be pregnant? my next period is to start on dec . i am too early to take a test.
why is my boyfriend having trouble ejaculating? . the last couple of months my boyfriend has had difficulty urinating and occasionally it will cause pain in his lower back until he is able to urinate then it goes away. he also has had difficulty with climax or ejaculation. there is not an issue with erection that works just fine he just can't seem to get off and because of this he puts in more effort which by the time (if he does) he ejaculates he is sweating so bad he looks like he just got out of the shower before he dries off. whats cause?
can crohns disease cause my daughter's constipation and gas?
diagnosed with pleurisy and bronchitis should i up the pain medicine go to er or ride it out?
had total knee replacements i am not feeling good no energy depressed no appetite have lost weight?
how do i know which common children's medications can and can't be mixed?
 year old male had stroke on right side of brainnow another stroke?
felt dizzy pain in left arm high b/p fast heartbeat rushed to hospital?
how fast can arthritis develope in a broken foot. i broke my left foot over a year ago and am still having problems. i've been told it is arthritis and nothing can be done except fuse the foot. what no one can or will tell me is why no problem before breaking the foot but after breaking it i suddenly have arthritis? can it develop that fast? i feel like the doctors and insurance nurse just want me to go away. thank you.
how long is qvar supposed to last before i can use my rescue inhaler?
what is arthritis? what causes arthritis?
does cholesterol have anything to do with high blood pressure?
i have been coughing everyday non-stop throwing up and my nose would bleed?
could i have hiv after  years of safe sex? . i had unprotected sex with many partners for  years. should i be tested or am i safe after  years of safe sex.
does body hair grow at the same rate as the hair on your head?
is neck pain common with cellutis in the leg
what is the dry/burnt feeling in the back of your mouth or throat when you drink soda/juice or whenever you wake up? . for years now. i always felt it was either due to soda or juice. i constantly drank all of those drinks. i would usually feel and hear a burning effect just behind the back of my tongue and just at the very top of my throat/esophagus while drinking a fresh bottle or glass of soda. it would sound like soda when it is spilled in the sink to be drained. then while i woke up nearly every morning i had and felt such a dry and burnt surface in that same spot. please advise thank you so much.
for immunodeficiency (two low igg subclasses) are there any diet changes i can make that would boost my low igg levels? . i have read that exercise and sleep boost your immune system but i'm wondering if there are any specific foods i should eat or avoid eating that could have an effect on igg levels.
i am having  sore in vagina and mouth. hi. till now i didnot went to doctor but from past  onwards i am getting sore inside mouth and vagina i am overweight and i am having hypo thyroid when the sore affected to vagina i vll apply herpix ointment and then it vll be cured again after some month as usual i dont know vth what i am suffering please help in this
inside of my left ear and palatine tonsil is very swollen and red! help! . i'm  years old female. the inside of my left ear hurts every time i try to swallow anything. just under the ear whatever it is it's very swollen (you can clearly see the bump with your eyes) on my neck. inside the mouth the very end wall and palatine tonsil are very red and hurts whenever i touch it. i don't have any fever or runny nose or sore throat (throat doesn't hurt). i tried taking some antibiotics but it is not working well (maybe it's a viral infection? ). . please help! <negative_smiley>
i am a  year smoker female  yrs old. is a ct lung scan offered by well known cancer ctr for $ worthwhile? . i have tried quitting but anxiety disorder interfers.
my -year-old has a black discoloration on his gums that is sensitive to touch. it wont come off. what could this be?
had abnormal period related things usually never had ex spotting before period white discharge. could i be pregnant? . last month i took my pill irregularly. my husband and i did not have sex when i normally am ovulating but i began to spot seven days before i was supposed to start my period and had only a lighter period but definitly had one. this month i am off the pill because my prescription ran out and i need more. my husband and i have had sex this month but used condoms. i am however  days late with my period. was also very stressed around ovulating. what is the likeliness that i am pregnant?
my boyfrend has x large testes look like a small pillow in his pant he  been this way all his life is this normal? . he says they don t bother him its just embarrassing because its so noticeable even when standing but sitting down its really bad i ve known him  years and its always been this way its a lot of skin but the inside is firm and size of an olive.
can a women get pregnant from precum (pre ejaculation) and if she doesnt have an orgasim?
i am  yrs. old i have swollen lymph nodes a headache fever of  and my ears ring
kidney stones are there anthing i can do to make it pass faster. this is to painful. i am on antibiotics because i had nausea and vomiting and fever  of july. so i don't see any blood but i am having trouble urinating. it's just a trickle but the pain in my lower back and side is extreme
i had a total right hip replacement  mo's ago now my left hip is hurting is this normal. i am  years young.
just found out i have hepatitis c?
how long does alcohol stay in the blood
why should i go to the doctor if my erection is painful or lasts too long?
can i stop taking predisone if i only took  mg for one day? . i started taking prednisone today and i'm starting to notice my eyes are puffy also i'm feeling kinda hyper and very thirsty is this normal. i'm on it for two weeks and my dosage is  mg for five days then  for two and so on till there gone but i am concerned why do i feel this way and its only been less then a day it's for treatment of my migraines i'm wondering is it worth the troubles to continue it please help because i don't know what to do. many thanks
am i not being able to get pregnant because or my hypothroid or is it something else? . had my son in  had really painful periods up until last april. i usually would skip a month or  in this time perid. last period was aug  havent had one since its now feb . have not been able to get pregnant for about  years now. just recently found out i have a hypothryroid. wondering if me having the hypothyroid is the cause of me not being able to get pregant. or if something else is going on. what should i ask my dr?
would counts go down due to taking injection arixtra
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of nutracort?
is a seizure due to fever dangerous?
i woke up with swollen parotid glands?
why does ibu profen cause ankle swelling? . my husband takes a lot of ibu profen for back pain and arthritis pain. lately his ankles are swollen and itchy. it is not pitting edema. they are not discolored. it has been  weeks. he is in general good health.
do chlamydia symptoms go away without treatment? . do chlamydia symptoms go away without treatment? i had unprotected sex w my usual partner and i was somewhat dry. two days later i had vaginal itching and burning. when i checked my discharge it looked a little clumpy. didn't seem too much more than usual and there is no foul odor. i did notice small tears. two days later (total  days after sex) the itching and burning has subsided a bit and is def not as intense. still red down there and the discharge is the same. not sure yeast bv or std?
does moxifloxacin contain aspirin. or to put it another way can someone allergic to aspirin take moxifloxacin?
i have sinus problems even when i get a cold my nose always remain dry?
i suffer from a neurological disease (cmt disease) if i get my ankle fused would i walk properly?
"is it safe to ""push through"" fibromyalgia pain? . every time i even attempt to do any sort of exercise the pain doesn't really allow me to do anything. i used to be an athlete many years ago and i would just push through the pain or keep going until the pain went away. i haven't been able to work for years since my accident and fibromyalgia and it is very frustrating. . i am wondering if i can do any damage to my body if i push through the pain? . is it safe to force my body to work through the pain and attempt exercise?"
what could genital bumps and bleeding between periods be? . about  weeks ago i noticed bumps in the genital area. it started as  on the inner lip like a wart with mini bumps together. there was just a flesh colored bump and a red spot both in the vaginal opening. which had turned into the same as describe above. the  is going down now and the others are pretty small. now starting on the  i started to have vaginal bleeding. at first i thought it was because of the bumps but it's still going it's light (not in color in but as in amount).
i don't think this is staph impetigo or dermatitis? . skin infection around corner of mouth and chin. i've had it for about  months. i've tried  ointments over the course of time but after a while per ointment it would seem okay and then it would become worse and unresponsive to the topical creams/gel. clindamycin phosphate mupirocin and ketaconazole. however the symptoms are the same:. red warm terribly itchy stinging crusting and dry without any application applied. i don't know what it is. only that it seems like a skin infection.
do most ulcerative colitis patients eventually have to have their colon removed?
should i remove the compression bandage on my twisted ankle at night?
what can i do to treat lice at home?
is watermelon good for your kidneys?
is the reason why i can't lose weight and keep it off because of my family history of obesity? . i am a  year old female i have  child who is  months old. at one point after my child was born i was exercising  times a day and on a strict diet plan for  months. i only lost  during this time. after that  months i was only able to work out once a day and still on the same diet i gained half the weight back. my family is anywhere between  and  please help before it gets worse i currently weigh .
for the past months i am experiencing pain on my upper abdomen?
i have shingles my husband does not never had chicken pox. how do i protect him?
i am  months pregnant can i eat oysters?
what is the professional title for a bladder surgeon? . i need to check for participating providers under my insurance.
my .  yo son had henoch-schonlein purpura (hsp) developed severe joint pain so bad he can hardly walk?
my wrist is swollen hurts so bad cant go to work.
i am convinced i have celiacs is there another way i can seek a diagnosis?
"bump on the inside of a males thigh popped this am puss came out this evening only blood comes out. woke up this am with a bump on the inside of thigh. popped it and puss came out. came home this evening complaining about how bad it hurts. i put a warm wash cloth on it and insisted i try and ""pop it"" like this morning but only blood comes out now. you can feel its kind of tuff ish around the bump. i personally feel like its an ingrown hair because hair grows a little in that area. but it is a common area where thighs & pants rub a lot of that spot so his skin is really soft there."
i still don't understand the procedure of getting health insurance. is there an easier method?
what should i do for the pain and to cure my sinusitus? . i have been having sinusitus the past year and a half and my head is really hurting. i have had so many antibiotics and nasal sprays but none of them are working. i am  years old i have asked my doctor if i can do surgery but he said no because it will come back because i am still growing. i have also taked tylenol but it doesnt work.
i have suffered from severe headaches and migraines for years?
pregnacy test is negative but am spotting still. i had sex on the  september and  after started getting a brown discharge no itching oder or anything then a week passed and it turned into spotting blood.  days before my period i took a pregnancy test and it came back negative could i still be pregnant and i also lost a lot of weight.
will your vagina be loose after your menses?
i was wondering if teens could go on atkins diet. but i don't want to go on it for life if its not going to work at all.? is it for people extremely over weight or for people in their 's also? thanks.
what is a dry powder inhaler?
my lips are unable to moisturize themselves hbs rvs and mp test what next?
is tendonitis the same as a pulled tendon
can i treat poison ivy with triamcinolone
received punch in the face caused nerve damage is recovery possible?
can my eleven year daughter take an aleve for menstrual cramps? . she is autistic as well.
when should men start getting tested for colon cancer if they have no family history of the disease?
i have a growth on skin it is indented in and the scab like thing over it is as hard as a rock
can infected tonsils break apart and poison your blood stream?
can babies drink silk soy milk?
when should i see a doctor about baby eczema?
can you drink coffee while taking hydroxychlor? . what are the risks and or side effect?
how is generalized anxiety disorder (gad) treated?
what causes hyperthyroidism?
what is the role of a pharmacist in a community and how can he/she help a patient?
can  levels of  or  mmhg during respiratory failure cause some form of brain damage like permanent short term memory loss?
burning inside vagina with dark colored discharge after i pee. no odor or itching. burning inside vagina comes and goes and is worse after i pee. there was no discharge then pink discharge now dark brown. light cramping in lower back. trying to see if i can wait  weeks before going to the doctor. that is when my health insurance kicks in for another provider. current provider is not helpful and extremely hard to get assistance .
where can i find a place to sign up for health insurance? i already tried online and the website wasn't working.
is it ok to use heat (warm towel) on a ear ache? . i heard an old wives tale that if you fill a sock with dry rice and warm it in the microwave then lay the affected ear on it that it will somehow draw out the moisture built up behind the ear drum and relieve the pain from the pressure. i find this hard to believe but i do know heat can soothe pain and i was wondering is it ok to use a warm towel or some mild heat on an ear that you think might be infected? could this actually cause more problems instead of helping?
shingles. i had rash like small bumps itchy on neck and small spot on right side of eye a week ago now have pain at the left sinus cavity that is moderate and uncomfortable i do not have cold or other symptoms could this still be shingles?
if i eat canned vegetables will well rinsing them with water l;ower sodium? if so by how much? . for the convenience i have canned vegetables beans and fruit. the sodium levels in canned vegetables is very high. i need to know if well rinsing these canned vegetables will bring the sodium levels in them low enough for a low salt diet?
what should i do if i am physically unable to exercise due to a medical condition?
i have recently been diagnosed with hsp (henoch-schonlein purpura) doctors are worried my kidneys might be at risk need second opinion?
mole on neck is burning. is it serious?
focus necrosis at the superior medial aspect of the talus
 weeks after concussion still have nausea blurry vision. i have been yawning a lot and my face has been hot ears red. i got a concussion  weeks ago.  weeks later i was feeling almost better but got hit in the head with a soft ball and all my symptoms came back now i still have very blurry vision (which was completely nonexistent before i got hit the second time) nausea and an occasional headache. could this possibly be from stress related to the concussion? i have been yawning a ton every day and sometimes my face and most specifically my ears will get red and hot. what can i do to alleviate symptoms
is there an income level for medicaid for a family of two?
i have a .  spot on my iliac bone. should i be concerned and demand an mri?
does swelling during pregnancy mean i have preeclampsia?
i'm addicted to laxatives i want to stop taking them but im worried i wont have a bowel movement. ive been taking them for years now i take  pills at a time. if i just stop cold turkey i'm worried i won't have a bowel movement or it will be too hard for me have one. my question is what is the best thing for me to do?
is castor oil safe to take to induce labor?
i need help knowing when i conceived? . i am  weeks pregnant and i had an ultrasound on november   which said i was  weeks  days. my due date is july -- can anybody tell me when i would have conceived? thank you!
what causes a sudden onset of vertigo while lying down or turning while lying down? . within the last two weeks i have begun to experience sudden vertigo while lying down or just turning while lying down if i try to stand up i am completely disoriented. i do not understand what is causing this i am not on any medication don't drink or smoke. what could be causing this?
since ibuprofen is an anti-inflamatory i was wondering if it would help acne go down.
how long should i take doxycycline for kidney infection
what kind of quick healthy meal can i make with beans?
i have had bacterial vaginitis before and it has returned. can an otc product help? . i have had bacterial vaginitis before and it has returned. i have symptoms that include: a fishy odor milky discharge and a painful vagina. i bought a otc product that is specifically for odor which ran me close to $. . have you heard of positive results from homeopathic otc products?
diagnosed with pmr (polymyalgia rheumatica)  months ago and has gradually reduced his steroid dosage to zero?
can certain vitamins give you a strong urine smell?
i had my uterus removed can i still get cervical cancer
what types of exercise are best for people with asthma?
my mom is  and has frequent headaches nausea dizziness and a constant dull pain in the back of her neck. what is it? . she is diabetic (type ) - takes medicine. has high blood pressure which she takes medicine for. she just went to the dr. and she said there was nothing wrong with her. she has had a constant headache for a week now along with the other symptoms.
is diabetes hereditary
i ended up in accident & emergency with tonsillitis should i have surgery?
what are the symptoms of an enlarged prostate?
what type of therapist should i see? . i am  months pregnant with my first child. the day after i told my husband he told me to leave. i am living with my parents. i had to stop working & have no money. i have been battling binge eating disorder since high school-now i am . in  weeks i have gained .  pounds. i hate myself. i went from binging  times a month while eating healthy all the other times and going to the gym  times a week to not leaving the house crying daily and binging  days week.
can anti thyroid drugs such as methimazole (that's what i am taking) keep me from becoming pregnant. i have hyperthyroid and had radioiodine  months ago but my thyroid is still over producing. i am almost  years old and have a  year old son and desperately want to have another child. i know that the medication i am on is not recommended during the first trimester and i have had  periods that were abnormal. just wondering if maybe it was a posible pregnancy but the thyroid drugs caused my body to reject the pregnancy.
having trouble with blood and iron levels. had to have  transfusions and  infusions?
- stage of kidney failure. got out of dialysis before  months got high blood pressure can i consume marijuana? . i was on dialysis for a short period of time only  month
what happens to someone when they get food allergies?
i had a semen analysis not convinced lab analyzed it correctly?
diagnosed with endometrioma in both ovaries do i also have polycystic ovary syndrome (pcos)?
 year old son is having clear like water diarrhea. what causes it and is it normal
im  years old heart rate  should i go to the er or doctor?
what is the incubation period for possibly getting a uri from someone who has a cough/hoarseness
what kind of doctor should you see if you think your bipolar?
i have trouble swallowing pills. can my prescription be made into a liquid?
how often can i give my infant steroid inhalers?
should all hernias be repaired?
what are the symptoms of a sinus infection?
who discovered paget's disease?
does my water filter take out the fluoride out of the water?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of ultram?
will l-lysine  mg help will shingles?
i've heard aetna cigna et al. are still underwriting plans until dec.  . is this true?
i had a blood transfusion in  and since then my personality has been way different why? . like everything about me is different i have less energy im not as fun i have bad anxiety and have to take medication for it and im shy around people plus more and i never use to be like that i was very outgoing fun to be around person and now i feel like im not me anymore will i ever feel normal again?
i'm an adult and was told i had impetigo a few months back. can it come back in the same spot months later?
what causes high blood pressure in a stress test. as in it increased to /i don't remember. in the morning blood pressure is normal. take my blood pressure medication. when in  hour later it is up to /. . i'm clam not stressed at all. . thanks
my right tonsil is severely infected and is getting more swollen and infected with keflex medicine. what should i do? . i have had a problem with getting tonsillitis over the past couple years but i mainly get it it on the left side. however this time it is the right one that is infected. i have been taking keflex for it for about  days and since that it has gotten more swollen and now completely covered in white puss and infection. should i go to another clinic or hospital? is there anything they can do since i'm already on medicine.
is there anything that can interfere with the effectiveness of the mirena iud?
can i give my -year-old ceron dm syrup and childrens claritin tab at the same time?
i am suffering from a sound in my mind or my left ear it's like a ringing bell trntrntrnttrntrn! is that really migraine. for me the cause is from exessive work on computer but i have also a childhood problem in my left ear i hear / but when i press on my left side of the neck or below my left ear i hear like popping air in my ear. by the way i have a zigzag transparent line alltime in my left eye. i also have depression and anxiety.
can my seven month old daughter catch my bronchitis? . i was just diagnosed with bronchitis today and was only showing signs of a cold  days before. i am really concerned that i may pass this to my baby and i do not want anything bad to happen to her
my daughter is turning  this year. can she stay on my plan for the whole year? . we live in new jersey.
symptoms of narrowing of disc in  &  area
can eating chalk harm my baby or stop me from getting pregnant?
i am  years old and underwent brachytherapy for my prostate cancer. how will i know when the prostate cancer is gone?
does peanut butter pose any allergy threat?
i have a patient of mine has pitting oedema difficult diagnosis any help would be appreciated?
i am required to wear safety shoes but they aggravate my hemorroids. what suggestions can you offer?
i developed blisters that have grown and its getting worse day by day?
how long are you contagious from the flu. . i got a flu shot a month ago and i have the flu now
we are in open enrollment for our health insurance benefits. . can you please tell me if we can qualify for the exchange if the cost is less? or do we have to participate in the employer sponsored plan?
hello doctor i wanted to know what to do my  year old child everytime he wakes up for short time he wants to be breastfeeded. please let me know what to do as i want him to sleep throught out the night without waking up
my son believes his thoughts are broadcasted and read by everyone?
test result shows i have chlamydia but no partner for  and a half years. i didn't know how to delete the other questions so i'm writing a new one. i didn't have sex for  years recent guy i dated we only kissed once one time hand job was involved( he didn't touch me around my private area). after a year later which was a week ago test result shows that i have chlamydia. i had uti  years ago and got it cured. from then till now i don't have any symptoms zero. ( this was a annual exam). should i trust this test result and take antibiotics?
birth control shots: can i get pregnant if he ejaculates? . i have been sexually active with my boyfriend for about  months now. i just recently started using a birth control shot. my father who is a doctor distributed it to me and told me that it would take a about a week for it to kick in. but. i was too embarrassed to ask him if the birth control shot was powerful enough to stop pregnancy even with ejaculation. i'm just wondering you know in case my boyfriend doesn't pull out in time.
do those really work to get rid of calluses on the feet?
what is the effect of smoking insexual intercourse? . what is the effect of smoking insexual intercourse? i mean does it make us weak enough.
can i take antihistamines (an otc drug) when pregnant?
acid reflux with swollen rib cage
i had sex almost two months ago would i know if i was pregnant by now? . i took four home test and yesterday my obgyn did a dip test as well and they all came back negative she even did a pelvic exam. so i should be okay right?
can you take a stool softner if you have diverticulitis?
are there topical creams for treating arthritis
would myocardial bridging of left anterior descending coronary artery be considered ischemic heart disease? .  year old male cause of death-probable cardiac dysrhythmia due to dilated cardiomyopathy with bridging other significant condition.
my wife has terrible headaches constantly we did ct scan mri mra mrv but everything is normal. no blood clot tumors etc.?
how effective is laser hair removal at treating keratosis pilarus (especially on arms)?
what types of ringworm are there? what are ringworm symptoms and signs?
what are the complications of crohn's disease?
"what does it mean when my rbc (. ) hemoglobin (. ) and hematocrit (. ) are all low? thanks gina. if it's helpful i had a miscarriage where i went through a giant pad every half hour for  hours and soaked through  pairs of underwear. the on call doctor said to go to the er if i became lightheaded. i didn't then but now i""m so lightheaded and weak all the time. i've had miscarriages before and this is very different. a lot more blood. is it possible i lost too muc blood? . thanks"
hip replaced with radiation now my bones are weak?
i have a red rash with red bumps on the backs of my hands mostly clustered around the base of my thumb and forefinger. . i can't think of anything new i've come into contact with that i would be allergic to. a few of the larger bumps are almost look like small scrapes but they're not. they don't particularly hurt or itch. i've had them for about a week. i was sick with a bad cold recently. they don't seem to be spreading but they also don't seem to be getting better. they're contained to my hands as far as i can tell.
got the flu on the  day of a  day smoothie cleanse. what should i do? . got the flu on the  day of a  day smoothie cleanse. for the past  hours i've had fever chills throwing up and diarrhea. i can't seem to keep enough water in me without getting sick again. what do i do?
green discharge from the drainage tubes i got after my double mastectomy. is this bad? should i go to the er. i had a double mastectomy about a week ago and have had drainage tubes in since. at first everything was fine no pain having to do with the tubes just normal discomfort. a few days ago one of them started to discharge a green-ish color liquid. today the same tube is still outputting a green/brown color but now it feels as if its clogged or something because it hurts. i dont know what to do i dont want to have to go sit in the er for hours upon hours today if its not anything serious.
what foods are high in plant sterols?
what causes a sinus infection?
i ache all the time mostly my neck shoulders arms and hands and tired all the time. bloodwork came back good
i have blisters on the inside of my lips and on my tongue. what kind of doctor should i see? . i also have multiple sclerosis hypothyroidism incontinence bipolar borderline personality disorder and an addict. i smoke. i do not drink or eat spicy anything. i am a  year old woman with no children.
i have a lump on breast with mucus colored discharge?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of unithroid?
what makes seasonal flu different from the common cold?
lost  pounds in three months nausea every time they still cant diagnose me?
after car accident.  year old losing memory?
i am a month pregnant and am bleeding really bad but i have no other symptoms of miscarriage. what is wrong with me. the only started about  days ago it comes and goes. i have had a miscarriage and an abortion in the past.
i have keloid scars on my earlobes from pierced ears can a laser fixed the raised area?
"what is the best time of day to have sex if you are trying to get pregnant? . my husband and i have only been ""trying"" for  months but when i say trying i mean our sex life has remained steady (- times a week) and i stopped taking birth control. we haven't been tracking ovulation or taking body temperatures or anything like that. we are ready to get a little more serious about trying though and i have heard that the time of day can make a difference. true?"
my husband has severe asthma attacks. he's getting worse despite maximum doses of meds. what can we do?
what cause extreme water gain. woman mid fifties overweight but in the last couple years has had extreme water weight gain; so much that its leaking from lower legs. she eats pretty healthy takes lots of vitamins.
what can cause a dull menstrual like cramp pain on right side of pelvic area? . for the past  to  days i have been having a menstrual cramp like pain but it is only on the right side. it is not a severe pain but enough of pain that after  days it has worn me down and made it hard to do anything. i have taken perscription ibprofen i had left from my gallbladder surgery and it doesnt seem to help. if i put a heat pack on the area it helps but as soon as i get up and move around its right back to hurting again. im absolutley miserable. what can cause this?
would taking glutathione for cell boosting benefit me and where can i get it?
i have a large stye on the inside of my lower eyelid. pus is visible when i pull the lid back. what do i do?
nausea vomiting constipation pain in right side of stomach diabetic low grade fever. my fiance has been in the hospital for over a week now. they have done multiple tests and come up with nothing. these are his symptoms: nausea vomiting constipation pain in his lower right side occasional hiccups and low grade fever. he is also diabetic. he goes back and forth everyday. one day he is terribly sick then the next just fine. they have done an endoscopy upper gi small bowel and hida scan. they only thing they have found is gastritis. what could possibly be wrong with him?
i have a red itchy rash on my back and stomach thats driving me crazy help
can you get pregnant after gastric bypass surgery?
how long does a girl need to be on the pill in order to safely have unprotected sex?
what can b the repercussion if a girl takes emrgency contraception without havng sex jst to avoid pregnancy fear.
in determining whether i qualify for financial aid for obamacare it asks for  income is that net or gross income?
skin that is raw and smells under the breast and in the folds of my skin. it burns and red and stays moist. i bath in vinegar and use alcohol to keep uit dry. i also use powder containing zinc or cornstarch. it itches and burns i have used prescription creams but nothing helps. i am overweight and it it very hard to wear a bra with the redness is very painful at times
my mom is  and has frequent headaches nausea dizziness and a constant dull pain in the back of her neck. what is it? . she is diabetic (type ) - takes medicine. has high blood pressure which she takes medicine for. she just went to the dr. and she said there was nothing wrong with her. she has had a constant headache for a week now along with the other symptoms.
how is osteoarthritis diagnosed?
can you get genital herpes by touchin the affected area then touch yourself?
what is the benefit of aloe vera?
anyone knows that sheep placenta pill supplements really work? . i recently travelled to singapore and saw many stores selling sheep placenta pills they are supposed to be anti ageing and have a cellular therapy effect on the body renewing the body's cells making them younger. they supposed to have many many health benefits almost  if i remember correctly. anyone ever try these or similar products? . the one i had a look at was called zell v and their website is <link> where you can have a look.
is the shingles vaccine safe for atopic dermatitis patients? . i am a  year old white male. i have a lifelong case of eczema diagnosed as atopic dermatitis. i am not on any medications. i know that i could never take the small pox vaccine as it could be fatal. would the shingles vaccine be safe for me? @hotmail. com
my right hand and feet are always cold and sometimes tingly. what could that mean? . my right foot always goes tingly when i'm lying down for bed as if it is asleep so i move it around with no affect. my right hand goes cold a lot but my left appendages are just fine.
does allergy cold interact with any other medications?
how long after taking cefdinir does birth control stop being effective?
can a patient drive in a car for  hours after a ct mylogream procedure. i am having a ct mylogeam done. this requires a contrast injected into the sack of the spinal column. of course you cannot drive a cr after the procedure but can the patient tolerate a  hour drive home?
"how do i lower my hemoglobin  () from .  if my diet and lifestyle is already healthy? . i am a -year-old white man who does not have diabetes. . . . i get - hours of exercise a week -- hiking biking yoga pilates and weights. . . . i am not overweight -- i have a slim muscular physique -- i am '. "" and  pounds. . . . my diet is good - no alcohol no processed foods no added sugar. my diet consists almost entirely of fish chicken vegetables fruits nuts berries seeds and whole grains."
what are some tips for getting pregnant faster?
i have something broke out all over me what could this be?
four year old daughter gets covered in bitesdoesnt matter where she is?
i had fever bad cough pain and chills for a week?
accidentally took  pills in  day and finishd the pack even i'm short of  day pill. am still protectd on the  days. i accidentally took  pills on my  day and decided to finish the pack even i am short of  pill. so i tookfnonly for  days. and on the  days free pills i had sex and he ejaculates inside me. now is my  day on the free pill and not having my period yet. did i do it wrongly? am i still protected? or is there a chance i will get pregnant? please help me!
had ruptured brain aneurysm now dizzy loss of balance split vision both eyes seeing separately?
i am a depression patient and taking medicines for long time. now i feel very sleepy and facing concentration problem.
i had unprotected sex the day i was supposed to start my period now i'm  days late. could i be pregnant? . my husband and i had unprotected sex and during it i started what we thought was my period and respectively so it was on time. so he ejaculated inside of me. once in the light we realized it was just a brownish discharge not exactly my period and that was it. i didn't discharge again and i also never started my period. now i'm  ish days late. could i be pregnant?
my one year old drank some water from the christmas tree with tree food in it bow he is really sick could that be why? . he has had a fever for close to  days and is a little runny in the nose. the cats drink the water too could he have picked up their germs and gotten sick? he hasn't ate good or drank much and is on pedialyte.
how can i manage constipation during pregnancy?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of penta-con?
what conditions does child ibuprofen treat?
what are cold sores chickenpox shingles and genital herpes?
can you help me read my mri arthrogram?
ok so i have strep throat and i have a full perscription of non expired ciprofloxacin can i use that to treat strep? . i had a sinus infection a little while back and the doctor gave me ciprofloxacin for it. i never ended up taking it i just trooped through it and let it resolve itself as i have a fairly effective immune system. i know you are going to tell me to go to the doctor and have him look at it but i know for a fact i have strep i have had it before and i know how it looks and feels. im living on my own at  and i dont have the insurance to pay for a docvisit/antibiotics so can i treat it with cipro?
i;m  and have never been over weight but now i need an excercise to stop the upper arm jiggle . i hope someone can give me a basic exercise i can do to build up my upper arm. i have small  hand held weights to use if that will help. please include step by step instruction. thanks in advance.
would signing up for obamacare save me costs on my blue cross supplement? i am currently on medicare.
what is the difference in one  ibuprofin and five ?
high anal fistulasafe to resume anal sex?
"weight loss tips for obese adult. i am  ' . i have been sticking to a  calorie diet and exercising  time/week for  mins/day for a month. i have been gaining weight on the scale and can't see any change in my body. what are the best exercises for someone that is obese? do you have any suggestions on a good website that can provide me with a meal plan that i can alter as most meal plans have food i don't eat. is there any ""diet pills"" or medication that are safe and effective? am i exercising too little?"
what supplements are being studied that might help people with ulcerative colitis?
what are the chances of pregnancy after having periods? . hi what are the chances of my gf being pregnant after having.  periods of last  month. after having protected sex? (pulled out+ no leakage). . we did not have sex since then until now. . she always say she has this stomach discomfort and her period is due tomorrow. she is so worried about being pregnant so i just want to have your honest answer. is there anyone out there got pregnant from what i have mentioned? i mean  periods+ did not have sex since then+ condom+ pulled out. thanks!
what doctor should i go to to get treatment for cellulitis. what doctor treats cellulitis
what are the effects of exercise on hdl and ldl?
i broke my tibia and fibula in a snow blade accident fibula seems displaced?
i have a subconjunctival hemorage in my eye is it ok to travel on an airplane?
i am scheduled to go on mission trip to build a house but i am pregnant should i go?
i am pregnant but my doctor says i am not?
can you get pregnant after gastric bypass surgery?
how can accidental of acetaminophen overdose be avoided in adults?
how to prevent ear infections in toddlers? . my  year old son keeps getting ear infections after a bout of cold. he has been on antibiotics every month for the past - months.
should i cleanse my body before starting workout to reduce weight?
is it safe to take generic allergy medicine?
what exercises can i do with fibromyalgia during pregnancy?
can systemic candidiasis cause wart growth
my mom has stomach cancer and it is bad what do i do and look for win it is her time to go home
what causes swelling of the urethra opening
i am  male height '''. want to increase height.
 questions: does pheromone sprays work does ion/power bracelets work does penis enlargement pills/exercises work?
i was due for the depo shot december . didn't get it and had unprotected sex the next day. am i pregnant?
what are the symtoms and complications of vitamin d deficiency in adults age -?
i miscaried lastnight but still feel movement after miscarring. i don't no how far along i am/was but i miscarried last night. this is not my first pregnancy it would/will be my  pregnancy i have had and all my other pregnancy were fine and normal no complications at all with any of the other four or the births or the babies. anyways i no what fetal movement feels like i am still feeling fetal movement later on that night i miscarried and still this next day i feel fetal movements. can i have some please help me out with this sition. am i still pregnant
over a year ago i started experiencing fatigue heart flutters weight loss?
i am having bloody diarreah and mild cramping should i be concerned and go to the hospital? . i have been cramping most of the day and had some stomach upset. at first the blood was just when i wiped but now its enough to change the color of the water in the toilet and its a considerable amount. it is only coming out with a bm.
my daughter has a fracture of her third toe (from the big toe) a week ago. we buddy taped it etc. when will it %
can lettuce cause me to have diarrhea? . we think lettuce is causing diarrhea. we don't know what else it could be. every week for about a month now if i eat lettuce or my boyfriend eats it it causes diarrhea and stomach pain. one time it has even caused us to have stomach flu symptoms.
when is giving aspirin a bad idea?
iam a  year old female and never had high blood pressure is / an acceptable range?
what disorder beside menopause causes hot flashes. i feel like im constantly hot like i cant keep a normal temp but i dont have a fever. cant explain it but i hate it. what could this be?
what does it mean when it feels like you have rocks/dirt in your eye? . my left eye has been watering all day and feels like there is rocks/dirt in my eye and it is very sensitive to light. and i am  weeks pregnant is there anything i can do?
no overys hotflashes  years will they stop? . etopic pregnancys no overys taking no more hormones hotflashes are killing me took replacement pills for  years stopped  years ago doctor said they would stop after a few months didn't. does anyone no how memapose works for a woman with no overys? please help! thank you mary
where are hernias located?
do antiviral agents protect people from the flu?
why the tip of my stool is hard? it cause rectal bleed when i have my bowel movement. other part of stool is soft. i eat lots of fiber and drink lots of fluid i have bowel movement every day. this bleeding comes and go i went to my doctor and she gave me suppository but it didnt help alot. the bleeding is come and go its only when the tip of my stool is hard then it cuse bleeding again
could a gluten-free diet be supportive enough to fuel my  minutes five-days-a-week swimming routine?
which preventive care screenings and tests will be free after september ? will they need a doctor's referral?
i have balance problems difficulty walking and vertigo?
does stress trigger fibromyalgia during pregnancy?
i have not had health insurance for the last  years. i have been searching the web for an affordable clinic or doctor to get yearly exams such as pap smears mammograms etc. with the new health care reform i don't know if i will be able to afford the premium. i am  years old don't smoke and exercise regularly. i don't have any health problems at the moment. any advice?
can you wash your hair with staples in a wound in your head?
i am taking tri lo sprintec and was recently prescribed bactrim ds. my cycle hasnt started yet. could i be pregnant?
what are the symptoms of viral hepatitis?
girlfriend missed a birth control pill  days before we had sex pregnant? . my girlfriend miss a bc pill five days before we had sex but doubled up the next day it was unprotected and i ejaculated a little bit right as i was pulling out but mainly after i pulled out. i always try and be super careful and feel absolutely horrible about it. we decided the next day that she should take a morning after pill just in case so she took one right around  hrs after it happened. also when she isn't on bc she doesn't have regular periods and i have a varicocele. is she pregnant?
acid reflux with swollen rib cage
how many ovaries do women have. i have a girl that said her dr told her she has  ovaries is this possible? she gets pregnant all the time she's only  could this just be an excuse for as to why she's pregnant all the time?
could i be pregnant? . i am on lo loestrin and have been on it since july/august. i haven't missed a pill in the last  months at least. i don't always take the pill at the same time everyday but generally within like a  hour time span. will that increase my chances of getting pregnant? i have my period but its really light and i have back pain and nausea.
does vitamin d help fight mrsa
are health insurance plans on the marketplace pre-taxed or do you have to pay at the end of the year?
can prostatitis cause weight loss?
why does a patient with heart disease retain fluid?
is it normal to break out after a laser resurfacing procedure and what should i do
what is the average time it takes to pass a kidney stone once you start feeling the symptoms?
i have medicare now - my husband has none - how does that work with the new health insurance policies? . will my medicare change what (services) and who (the doctors) it covers? how about medicaid?
how can eczema flare-ups be prevented?
ive been having these episodes of dizziness lightheaded etc for over a month?
is there a generic to diovan ? it's available from a canadian pharmacy. does something else have the same ingredient?
are anti-wrinkle products sold over-the-counter effective?
if you could do only one thing daily for your skin what would that be?
"what does it mean when you have your period  weeks early. i'm  years old and my period is usually fairly regularly (within a day or two) i just had my period  weeks ago and seem to have started again this morning. i have never had children without more invasive fertility treatments the dr. said it was highly unlikely for me to become pregnant - this was several years ago. what could be causing this ""early"" period?"
what is the treatment for chlamydia?
how often should i use moist heat or ice for arthritis pain?
does a migraine always include pain or can you just have light sensitivity?
can you get pregnant from anal sex even though you are still a virgin?
does having the flu give you immunity against getting it again?
could i be pregrant? . had a baby in nov started taken birth control pill tri -sprintec  weeks after given birth was sexual active  days after after taken pill haven't received period. could i be pregnant?
i suffer waist pain after lifting weight pain spread to my back?
how can weight loss help improve osteoarthritis?
what is a rotator cuff tear?
pinkeye. i have gotten pinkeye  times in the last year and a half. before that i can't remember the last time i had it. it only occurs in my left eye and no one (i know) has ever gotten it from me. i've been to the doctor for it and they keep telling me its just pinkeye and its probably not bacterial and i'll be okay. but it keeps coming back and its really bothersome.
how can shingles be prevented?
what is gastroesophageal reflux disease (gerd)?
are there any side effects that will harm my baby if i took plan b but became pregnant anyway?
im late on my period could i be pregnant? . i hooked up with a guy the day after my period ended and now im  days late on this moths period. i gave him a blowjob and he came in my mouth then we were going to have sex with a condom on but he couldnt get hard again so i gave him another blowjob with the condom on and then he put it in. we ended up not having sex but his penis touched my vagina. is it possible that the residue of cum from my mouth passed onto the condom when i gave him a blowjob with it on could get me pregnant?
does smoking trigger seizures?
i have some swelling in my left arm. will i get a valid blood pressure result if they use my left arm? . i have lymphodema in my right arm.
what is the differential diagnosis for someone who cuts their face. a female teenager who is suicidal. my question is this is an unusual behavior for a borderline diagnosis. it seems to indicate psychosis
what is aerobic exercise and what benefits does it offer?
why doesn't the affordable care act allow across-state competition?
she sucked my dick then we made out and i ate her out could she be pregnant. i didn't ejaculate but there may have been precum
 year old daughter has leg pain doctors suggested haematology &. serology?
had xray done and found arthritis and calcium build up on my spine. do i still need calcium supplement?
 year old male and want to stop masturbating. have gone  days before i gave in. i know it's because of puberty. i know it's normal to feel guilty and such but i just don't like to or want to anymore. i'm pretty lonely as well and don't hang out with friends because i have anxiety and have masturbated for  years
what is plaque as it relates to heart disease?
what are symptoms and signs of arthritis of the hand and wrist?
is it true that gingivitis or gum disease is transmittable by kissing?
i am on path to kidney failure is there some better treatment
what could be causing breast soreness after my period if i know i'm not pregnant?
can i use ketoconazole to treat a yeast infection on a baby's neck? . my granddaughter has a really bad yeast infection on her neck it is weeping pretty bad. can i use ketoconazole cream on it?
can amoxicillin oral suspension treat rocky mountain spotted fever?
what is the best course of action for swelled turbinets that block your nasal passages? . since i was very young i have always had swelled turbinets in my nose that have blocked my nose to the point of which i can barely breathe through my nose. whenever i catch cold or flu i get so stuffed up and most decongestants don't work in dispelling the mucus whatsoever. . i need some advice on what to do. i have tried sprays antihistamines and various pills syrups and other natural remedies but nothing has fixed the problem. what course of action is worth taking for permanent relief?
will shaving make the reaction worse? . reaction is on chin
college student dental insurance help. i am currently in college and do not make much money. i need to get my teeth checked out because they are causing me great pain. i was wondering if anyone could help me figure out a way to get this problem solved. the last time i went to the dentist they said my wisdom teeth are about to come out. so i think this might be the problem.
sex on  may period due on . no symptom in between. heavy/light cramping after  to .  june no period. i am  years. i had protected sex on the  of may my period was due on the  of may. from  to  may i didn't get any symptoms. from  to  of may i experienced heavy to light cramping and legs tingling which are usually my pre-period symptoms. however they soon went away and now its the  of june i still didnt get my period. i am really concerned as to whether i am pregnant or just missed my period? please help thank you very much for replying.
i have a  month old her bowels have been yellow and looser than normal. formula fed. is this normal?
i have been gradually feeling numbness first in my right hand then numbness and severe pain?
im pregnant but i had sex yesterday and he came in me is that bad
i have no fever but my skin feels hot. what does that mean? . this usally happens mid day and what happens is the core of my body gets hot. my skin is hot to the touch and i feel as though the sun is shining from the inside of my body outwards. it is very frusterating because no matter if i turn the ac on or run ice over my skin in a few minutes the same inner hot feeling comes back.
why do i get bronchitis every time i get a cold?
high thyroid level is surgery or nuclear medicine better?
i got my blood ferritin level checked as i was feeling exhausted it is low?
iv fluids yest dehydation. bug not flu. bad diarr today. threw up blood with latest throw up. should i be conserned
in addition to alcohol and certain seafood what other foods and drinks should i limit or avoid while pregnant?
i havent had a period in  months. both blood and urine test came back negative. i went to see my obgyn he did an vaginal ultrasound and found multiple cyst in my ovaries. i know i had cyst but not multiple. he said not to worry i would be ok. but i still haven't had a period and i haven't had money to buy the birthcontrol pills. is there a possibility i could become pregnant even though im not getting periods?
how does severe uncontrolled asthma adversely affect a fetus?
 & keeping a - calorie diet with  hour of aerobics  times a week. i haven't lost an ounce in  weeks. why?
can a man's libido just disappear because he reaches  or could there be another reason?
i have slightly blurred vision numbness in hands and legs?
dome shaped red bumps on penis
what is a sinus infection?
how soon after pregnancy do you start your period?
is loss of balance ever associated with pneumonia? . not as much as falling down but having to be very careful in sudden moves and feeling that a fall is very close.
i am currentely dealing with golfers elbow. - ibprofen  times a day. how long is that alright to keep doing this? . i am also icing it - times a day. i have experienced this when i started up  months into my lifting weights. pain in the inner elbow with some burning sensation
if you have the hsv- virus and recieve oral sex can you spread it to someone who doesnt? with or without a break out?
ive been having terrible heart palpitations ended up in the er please help me?
i have a pink and watery fluid draining from one ear and its excessive.
why doesn't my high hdl cholesterol number necessarily mean i'm in great shape?
what can be done to improve sexual desire while taking pain medications?
what should i do if i have abnormal bleeding during pregnancy?
im sick with a cold have the worst headache ever a sore throat and keep breaking in to sweats. whats wrong with me? help. stomach feels twised
does early mens means early menopause too? . i had my first period when i was  years old and since then i have regular menstrual cycle (for five days). usually i experience heavy flow every second day of my period. now that i'm  i don't experience heavy flow on my second day anymore and even more surprising to me is that i'm just having spots on my third day. i've noticed this since last year before i used bcp for my acne. i wanted to know if this has something to do with how young i am when i started having my period.
is it normal to hear your blood shooting into the tube when having blood drawn?
i have lost  in  months with no exercise and horrible diet. vomit every day. headache constantly. fatigue. weakness?
what is manic depression (bipolar disorder)?
had chest ct scan primary care provider thinks it is fluid or an infection can it be cancer?
what are the symptoms of hypertension
my  year old son has pain on his front thigh we visited many doctors no diagnosis
what foods are easy for kidneys to digest
after a long walk is it safe to drink ice water? i was told ice water was not safe to drink after exercising.
i wear sunscreen sunglasses and use eye cream but im still getting crows feet. is there anything else i can do?
what is the process for obtaining a dental bridge?
i've been constipated for a little over a week. i really got myself emptied out on the  and i've been exercising. eating fiber since then but i still got myself constipated. what should i do? i'm afraid to use an enema and i'm afraid to go. i hate the feeling of going.
can a guy get sick from performing unprotected oral sex on his partner? . i'm a  yr old male and my partner is a  yr old girl. i know that she doesn't have any stds etc because she's a virgin. that being said can i get sick/should i know of any dangers or precautions involving oral sex? . i know that a girl and her in particular will experience 'vaginal discharge. ' could i get sick from oral if she has that? how would i avoid it? she is healthy. we only finger/now do oral and we don't plan on having sex until we are ready (yes protected) i try to be responsible.
i am  days late for my period and at  days late i had a light pink discharge but still no period. early pregnacncy? . is this a possible early pregnancy symptom or something else? i've been having some breast tenderness and difficulty sleeping.
how are corticosteroids used to treat psoriatic arthritis?
i have had true test done and i am allergic to the ppd's in dark hair color. is it safe to get tattoo? . i also take hormones and concerta. the true hair test measure the allergy to certain hair dyes. i am extremely allergic to the dark ppd dyes in hair color. but i can bleach my hair with no reaction. is it safe to get a tattoo? does the tattoo ink contain any ppd's?
my boyfriend takes ibuprofen every day. he lost his appetite has nausea & a bad stomachache could it be an ulcer? . i do not think he has a stomach virus because he has not thrown up. also i have been exposed to him (i live with him) and i am immune deficient but have not gotten ill.
are diabetic prone to ear infections. why are diabetic prone to ear infections and how long will it last
i'm  and my free testosterone in  but my sex drive is high. i've anxiety and anger problems. what should i do? . i went to a doctor because i frequently passed semen in my sleep. he asked me to test my testosterone levels. in the result my total testosterone was .  ng/dl shbg was .  nmol/l and free testosterone was  pg/ml. he said that my problems are caused by the low free testosterone. for a long time i've been suffering form anxiety issues. is this because of the low free testosterone levels? i also masturbated a lot from young age. could this have led to the current situation?
sweating freezing no fever. my motherinlaw has been freezing so she trys to stay in bed and wraped up in a blanket but shes not running a fever and she looks kinda pail
can you take nasacort and claritin together?
i am  yrs. old i have swollen lymph nodes a headache fever of  and my ears ring
are black stools a concern with loose bowl movements>
is it oki to drink diet soda during pregnancy? . i am a diabetic and it is my main beverage choice.
how do i know if my fifteen year old is truly addicted to computer games? . my son plays nonstop while at home and only comes down from his room when i make him do chores. he has no outside interests. he has friends with whom he plays online with that he know personally but they never get together in person. he does not play xbox anymore as he feels it is not advanced enough. he has a gaming computer and now wants to build his in computer desktop so it can go faster with the money he has saved.
my  year brother did a chest x-ray here are results what do we do next?
how to treat erectile dysfunction with low blood pressure. . i. assume that viagra and cialis would not be recommended because they would lower my blood pressure even more? any ideas? note: my low pressure is just below normal and is stable and with no side effects.
is it possible my girlfriend is pregnant? . a few weeks ago my girlfriend and i made out and she gave me a hand job. needless to say i came and got some of it on her pants. we dry humped(with my pants unbuttoned but she was fully clothed. now i've read that the likelihood of this ever resulting in a pregnancy is virtually impossible. now she was saying to me today that she hadn't had her period yet and she usually gets it around the  of every month. she does however say that her breasts are tender. but i'm not sure. i need certainty
i am  months postpartum after having my son and i need help! not feeling well at all. i am  months postpartum after having my son. i have been experiencing headaches from the beginning but the past few weeks i have been experiencing dizziness fatigue vertigo when trying to sleep cramping nausea and racing of the heart among a few other things. what could be the problem?
when should bring child to er for cold. my  year old has had cough for  weeks. we have tried tylenol cough and cold and other otc remedies and nothing is working. what do we do now?
i am five and a half months pregnant and take xanax. can this drug harm the fetus and how do i taper off my dosage?
my medication says no food for two hours after i take it. can i still drink coffee during the two hours of no food?
what is bipolar disorder?
diagnosed with anxiety have stroke symptoms weakness onleft side leg and arm is this normal?
does peppermint oil help with bad breath
my mother underwent an aortic aneurysm repair still has catheter my aunt died of septic poisoning due to a similar event?
i chipped a bone on the end of my elbow?
my wife is not pregnant but she is producing milk from her left breast?
what exams and tests help doctors to evaluate or test people for athletes foot?
does the vagina farting during sex mean that woman has been cheating? does the air inside come from previous sex? . my vagina makes that noise during sex every once in a while and my fiance swears im cheating but im not. i was hoping with medical personnel explaining to him that is a myth that he would stop accusing me of cheating.
my husband's employer pays our family's full health insurance premiums. do we need to do anything in regards to the exchange and are we or my husband's company going to be penalized for not participating in the exchange?
i have a itchy rash that comes and goes what could be causing this? . the rash appears in different areas of my body for an example a rash showed up on my wrist and stayed a while and went away. later the same day it appeared on my stomach and then on my thighs etc. its itchy while it is present. at one point my hands first turned red and then start to itch really bad to the point i had to wash my hands repeatedly. i work in the medical field so i wash my hands a million times a day. what could be causing this reaction?
who performs pediatric epilepsy surgery?
"diagnosis- hidradenitis suppurativa- large and painful boils in the groin area. considering injections. success rate? . this condition started  years ago and exacerbated with shaving. it is extremely painful cannot be improved with excessive hygiene is embarrassing has resulted in multiple scars and had a psychological effect on me also. i am considering the injections. my dr. said it's botox but i read that it's antibiotic. i just want it to go away! sometimes the boils last - weeks. can it be permanently cured or go into a ""remission period""? it's so gross!"
chest pain arm pain dizzy. should i be worried?
how to avoid a c section. are there ways i can approach my pregnancy that can help me avoid a c section? i'd like to give birth naturally without surgery and other than health care provider preferences how can i avoid a c section?
what if blood tests for gallbladder come back normal. have a few symptoms of gallbladder or gallstone problems - but blood tests on liver and pancreas came back normal. an ultra sound has been ordered - do normal blood tests mean no gallbladder trouble?
how concerned should i be about a blood sugar level of  about  hours after dinner? . i'm  yrs old female had gastric bypass  / yrs ago and have had pretty good control since cutting back on my meds and getting regular exercise but have slacked off and have eaten too much sweets lately. i've had what felt like a urinary tract infection then a yeast infection the last several days. i took the meds for the infections and still felt genital discomfort so i finally thought to check my blood sugar. i waited about  hours after dinner and got a . i don't check often
what are some tips for getting pregnant faster?
i cant eat more food or i will get the sick feeling?
can hiv cause throat inflammation as a presenting symptom?
transvaginal ultrasound done  weeks pregnant too early to see anything? . i had a transvaginal ultrasound this morning. according to the first day of my last period (--) i should be  weeks tomorrow. my ob dr performed the test but couldn't find any sign of a baby no heartbeat or fluttering. from what i've been reading the test should take at least  minutes. she only spent  minutes trying then sent me to get blood work done. she's sending me for additional blood work  hours later. i've had  successful pregnancies/births. i'm -years-old. i'm worried.
is there something my  year-old daughter can take for frequent stomachaches and gas?
cleaning ear with qtip and now i am bleeding. i was cleaning my ear with a qtip and accidently hit it in further than i should of. i experienced a great deal of pain and within  minutes noticed blood inside of it. it still hurts now. how long should i wait until i see my doctor?
 yr. old son--blood-shot eye (right eye on outside) for almost  weeks. no other issues. is it time to see the doctor? . don't want to go overboard about it but i don't want to find out there is damage and i didn't do anything about it. after two weeks it was getting much better almost disappeared. but has come back with a vengeance. looks worse than it did when it first began. it did come on gradually. he says it does not hurt or burn. takes zyrtec daily for seasonal allergies. he started the end of april and usually takes it until october. he says he has not hit himself. should he see an eye doctor?
what is the treatment for a transient ischemic attack or tia?
does exercise help fibromyalgia symptoms?
had laporscopy surgery  weks ago have warmnes in both legs a circle on low belly bruise color -inside skin color help?
is acetominophen contra-indicated for persons with bph?
does repeated use of albuterol to treat an infant over a period of  months have long term effects on a child? . we have noticed brittle teeth at age  and wondering about emotional distress into the  year.
what are dental implants?
does burning more calories than taking in have a negative effect on weight loss? . i am participating in a weight loss program at a local gym and am a team leader. was asked by a participant why they can't get past a plateau. calorie intake is around  -  calories have a moderate active life style and burn about  calories during exercise - days a week. they had good losses until recently. can routinely burning more calories than taking in have a negative impact in weight loss?
i have heartburn; can it worsen my asthma?
can potassium supplements interfere with parkinson's medications?
when taking aspirin as a blod thinner should it be taken in the morning before or after breakfast?
i have history of multiple myeloma when i get up from sitting i take one step get off balance?
does gallstones cause urinary problems. smelly and cloudy ursine that comes and goes
i got a sore on my lip and now it got bigger and it burns?
i have an overactive bladder need advice?
i live in minnesota and will apply for insurance on mnsure. . i am unclear if i need to include social security disability as income. for  i will receive only a monthly pension and social security disability as income. if i exclude the disability as income i qualify for medical assistance.
can the blood be to thick to start a period?
i am  years old and on medicare. i also have supplemental health insurance. i assume the aca will not give me any plans that are more affordable but what benefits do i have as a senior under the aca (besides the reductions in my medication bill)?
looking for surgery to be able to walk in high heels again?
i have long term diarrhea and it doesnt stop for months?
i take excedrin for aches and pains. i average three tablets a day. is that a safe or can the amount cause liver damage?
lower half of my body is ice cold. top half hot. what could cause this?
what can i use for thrush?
i have a thumping headache for  days with painful aching joints?
is coastal air clean? we live about  yards from the ocean. no trees grass plants etc. are windows open healthy?
problems keeping an erection. i'm an  year old male i weight  pounds and i am '. i have problems keeping an erection it will get hard but it gets soft rather quickly without stimulation like a few seconds. when it is hard it usually stays a sort of mostly hard but still soft penis. i smoke cigarettes and marijuana but not to the extent where it would cause major damage. i exercise - times a week and eat healthy although i do indulge in some junk food. could i really have erectile disfunction at my age?
should i be concerned about taking these four medications all together: avapro amlodipine coreg and clonidine?
i just missed my date. i checked through prega news but the result was negative. i wanted to know that am i pregnant? . the same month. now the whole april has passed and my date has not yet arrived. what should i do.
i am experiencing chest discomfort
i started feeling nausea i have intense abdominal pain. my abdomen back and sides are sensitive and swollen?
is it safe to use an insect repellent on myself and my child?
i was told by a dermatologist to use a milk soaked washcloth applied to my sunburn area for relief and healing
what surgery options do i have for hair loss?
can you become pregnant  days before your period? . i had unprotected sex on the  and received my period on the . lately i've been very tired and my breasts are really sore. i took a early detection pregnancy test two weeks after possible conception () it was negative. i've been very stressed lately. can i chalk my symptoms up to stress? or could i still be pregnant?
"is it safe to ""push through"" fibromyalgia pain? . every time i even attempt to do any sort of exercise the pain doesn't really allow me to do anything. i used to be an athlete many years ago and i would just push through the pain or keep going until the pain went away. i haven't been able to work for years since my accident and fibromyalgia and it is very frustrating. . i am wondering if i can do any damage to my body if i push through the pain? . is it safe to force my body to work through the pain and attempt exercise?"
how long do dental crowns last?
when lie down i hear my heart beating very loudly in my ears. i have borderline high blood pressure could that be it?
now that i'm in my 's why does my scalp become so much drier after i shampoo it?
what are the first symptoms of atherosclerosis?
i have autoimmune hepatitis. i got the hepatitis b vaccination. will it make a difference or did i waste my time?
when should we consider a fertility evaluation and what is involved?
i have cervical stenosis and ruptured discs need epidural – doctor says too young for surgery
i have been having a lot of pelvic pain over the last . i have had two c-sections and have pcos?
what can i use for dark marks on my skin?
pink discharge irritated vagina itchy uncomfortable. i have only had one sexual partner for about a year now. i just started the birth control pill  days ago and about that time i started experiencing itching in the hole and around it. it stings a little to pee/wipe and sex is very uncomfortable. today when i wiped there was a little bit of light pink discharge on top of all these symptoms. what is going on? please help! this burning and itching is a pain!
my husband is an alcoholic and he bleeds sometimes when he poops he can't stop shaking and sweating and is getting bad. the bleeding has been going on for over a month now. but the last three day he has begun shaking running a fever. and he has seizures. what could be happening
can exercise cure erectile dysfunction?
what do bedbug bites look like?
i had tingling in my back before i had a shingles breakout. is it too late to get the shot if i have the tingling again? . the tingling occurred periodically in my back before the breakout. and went away after the breakout. now i am having the tingling again. is it too late for the shingles vaccine?
can cinnamon help lower cholesterol?
how to raise hdl. my hdl level is low (). i do not smoke never have and exercise on a regular basis. what can i do to raise my hdl levels? .
if i remove my testicles will my testosterone production cease?
after sex all my fiancés come comes out of me when i stand up even happens after i rest. is this normal. it's really embarrassing. i can lay down for an hour after sex then when i stand it will all come out. we are getting married soon and i'm worried if this isn't normal we won't be able to fall pregnant. please help <negative_smiley>
what secondary effects should i expect after having a cyst removed from my head?
i live in la. my income is $ i'm  and i've been told i don't have to enroll in the health insurance exchange. i am on the medicaid program here in louisiana. is it true that i don't have to enroll? my income is from ss disability and regular ss and i don't qualify for medicare until march of .
what is the treatment for prostatitis?
broken or sprained wrist. i tripped and fell. i don't know if my wrist is broken or sprained. it doesn't hurt much if i leave it resting on my leg or even typing this but if i try to carry something like my laptop or notebook which i usually do with no problem it hurts badly. also i can move it left to right with minor pain but up and down causes the same pain as holding something. also i can move my thumb pretty well with barely any pain. is it broken or sprained?
my husband is a type  diabetic he refuses to take his insulin injections what is the health risk of not taking insulin?
why does my body temp rise when im sleeping and i'm burning up and everyone i know their body temps drop when sleeping
can you get genital herpes above your genitals where your pubic hair grows. without have any on your penis?
what if any danger is the zika virus to non pregnant adults. my daughter is pregnant - due /. i am going to florida month of june. is there any danger that i could transmit zika virus to her? . what are the negitive health effects of zika on non pregnant people/adults?
can rubbing genitals naked get me pregnant? no ejaculation. it's been ; boobs got bigger+weight. paranoid or preg?
i just had my  spinal fusion pain right now is all muscle related please advise?
can my girlfriend be pregnant? . my girlfriend had sex twice in one day but with a condom. the first of that day ended up by ejaculating inside of her but i had a condom we were unable to test if it's broken but by appearance it seemed to be safe. the second time had no problem whatsoever. additionally her period ended december . we had sex december   days before ovulation is expected. she drank two brands of contraceptive pills two days later. god bless!
i have an allergy for dust mites now pain in back of head when i cough?
i have non hodgenkins lymphomia. non curable or opertable. can i get early medicare. i have no insurance.
i had sex used a condom it didnt break and i didnt finish. but what are the risks for pregnancy. the reason why i ask is bc her cycle is usually mid month and today is oct  and she is due around the . the reason why i'm concerned is because she usually gets cramps before her period but she isn't this time at least not yet
i only have health insurance through my husband's employer as i don't work and am  years younger. so if my husband quits working at age  he can go on medicare but i'll be . is there any provision for non-working spouses? (i did work for  years when i was younger. )
my  year old has lots of bumps that itch all over his feet up to his knees. they itch and hurt not red when they fist appear but after he scratches they turn into sores. they are in patchy spots all over his legs and feet.
is it possible for ingrown toenail to heal itself? or could it have been something else? . for about a month my toe was ingrown. the skin was pushed out an inch and broke on occasion causing light bleeding. a week ago it started to heal back and is now mostly back to where it should be. the wound has scabbed over and there is no longer pain to the touch. there was never any sign of infection but i didn't take any of the in home steps to heal it. did i just get lucky or is it likely something else? the same toe on my other foot looks like its going to do the same thing soon.
diagnosed with helicobacter pylori infection i now have constipation problems bile reflux villious athropy and stomach ulcers
can you get the shingles vaccine if you received radiation treatment many years ago?
for higher income employees is it better to get health insurance from your employer? . or should you get an individual or family plan from an insurance company? getting it from an exchange is too expensive.
my  yr. old son's normal fever is .  when he is ill. at what temp. should i be concerned and take him to the er? . i usually have him take several showers to bring down the temp as well as light clothing fluids and fever reducing meds. this particular time the fever reducing meds are wearing off before i can give him more and the luke warm shower didn't bring down the .  temp like i expected it to. just concerned how high of a fever constitutes an er visit if it continues to rise and i can't bring it down. thanks
was having a bad bout of ocd (obsessive compulsive disorder) felt a weird sensation in my head?
i felt like electric shock like feeling which became sharp on my left chest?
why is private health insurance so costly?
mosquito bites on vacation leave dark purple spots
i had accident whiplash pain in shoulder and collar bone?
how to prevent ear infections in toddlers? . my  year old son keeps getting ear infections after a bout of cold. he has been on antibiotics every month for the past - months.
is it possible for a  year old woman to get pregnant if she has not had a period in over  months
whats the safest way to put my baby to bed?
can you give a -year-old excedrin migraine medicine?
male fertility. my husband and i have  children together. he is  years older than me. since we had our last child  years ago he stopped ejaculating. he has had struggles with his diabetes. can this be reversed?
will metformin cause ed. a  yr old male with ed issue. two pharmaceuticals take daily /  mg samivastatin / fosinopril  mg tablet tried viagra bad hangover! hard to ejaculate unless we work extremely hard at it exercise daily play golf  times per week.  ft  inches @  pounds. no other heath issues never smoked or drank alcohol worked in office environment play golf and avid in my baptist church. one man one woman one god! your reply is appreciated. sadkgd@ gmail. com
my period had been late  months in a row. i have been constipated and i nearly fainted. could i be pregnant? . my lips have also become very chapped and they did in my first pregnancy too. i have taken a couple pregnancy test the first  months my period was late and they were negative but i havent taken on in over a month.
are there complications associated with hidden or buried penis?
how does peppers help to burn fat. i know eating hot peppers will cause thermogenics within the body. does the thermogenics reaction cause your metabolism to speed up or just heat the body?
i got an iud  weeks ago and my period hasn't stopped since then. is this still 'normal'? how can i stop it (on my own)? . i currently have limited access to a doctor or ob/gyn so advice to take at home is welcome.
i developed breathing difficulties approx  years ago which have worsened daily since?
how long does it take for a vagina to return to normal after vaginal birth? . i had vaginal birth more than  months ago and i had some tear and was stitched up. i had an epidural during birth to help with the pain. it doesnt hurt down there anymore but my vagina is still stretched that it looks like a big hole down there. i do the kagel exercise regularly. my question is will it ever going to return to normal? .
can i produce milk or watery white substance if i am not pregnant? . it happened during sex he squeezes and sucks alot. all the time. maybe he is doing that too much? or could i be pregnant? tests have said i wasnt.
real ginger ale (without all the sugar) helps ease my nausea. but could the carbonation be harmful to me or my baby?
should my pets sleep in my bed?
my son is six and gets repeated nose bleeds since he was little?
sexual health? how can i increase my semen (due to much masturbation). i m starting masturbation in the age of  yr. regularly many time in a day. now i am  yr. i have following major problems:. . erectile dysfunction. . premature ejaculation. . low sperm count (after masturbation semen has comes only - drops and very slander). can i pregnant my wife in this situation? please sir help me
can my friend take ecstasy in one week after having tetanous and rabies shot? . my friend has got bitten by a cat. he had to have tetanus and rabies vaccines. the doctor told him not to drink alcohol for  months. but the question is can he take ecstasy pills during this  months? he has some reasons for this.
what are these white spots on my penis? . about a month or two ago i noticed that i had these little white dots on my penis. they do not itch they do not ooze anything and they don't bother me at all really except that they are embarrassing to look at. they also smooth out when erect. my doctor thought they were warts but they weren't rough anything and informed me to go to dermatology but my appointment is months away. he said it may be my glands in that area but he wasn't sure does anyone else have this issue?
can u get a ear ache with the flu. with sharp stabbing pain
a long worry. so i have always had an irrational thought. if you could scatter it i would be really glad! basically when i drink carbonated drinks i pour them in a cup and sometimes it creates foam and some droplets splash in my nose. i have heard of secondary drowning and i am scared after drinking it. if you could help i would really appreciate your time. thank you very much!
can electric blankets and/or heated car seats stimulate genital herpes symptoms?
how long does it take to decrease fever after starting antibiotics. my husband was diagnosed with sinusitis and early pneumonia. he was given a shot of rocephin and then sent home with  days of levoquin once daily. he took his first dose of levoquin at about  pm last night. he is still running fevers of . -. . how long should it take for his fever to go away? he is also having head aches and sore throat unrelieved by motrin  mg or tylonol  mg. how long will it take the antibiotics to relieve these symptoms as well?
what is a weight loss exercise for people with arthritis in feet/ ankles and disc herniation in neck and low back? . swimming irritates the neck and pain shoots down my arms. walking in good sneakers pains my feet and ankles which have arthritis. i can stretch but that's not enough to lose weight.
i drank some moldy kombucha and now have stomach pain and nausea the next day. what should i do?
what canbe the cause for chlamydia not going away after treatment and no sexual intercourse after being diagnosed
suffering from sesamoid pain. podiatrist says no multiple cortisone shots
im  years old ive been diagnosed with digital papillary carcinoma what are the treatments?
i have had a pain in my lower left quadrant of my stomach?
how long after drinking a margarita do you have to wait before taking a vicoden for muscle pain?
pregnant or not? all symptoms are present no period negative test. stopped taking pills last month. whats the deal? . i have nausea mood swings sensitivity to smells always tired. i have taken a pregnancy test at home on oct  last period sept . i stopped taking my birth control pills just last month after my last period. pregnancy test at home and doctors(not blood) (on same day- taken mid day and evening) were negative. is this from stopping my pills or should i wait another week and take another test. i work out regularly no change in diet.
is it safe to drink during pregnancy?
i have central posterior disc herniation with annular tear?
my grandma hasnt slept in  days she has bronchitis?
how is paget's disease of the nipple treated?
is it safe for my boys  and  safe to be around a  year family member that has never been vaccinated? scared<negative_smiley>
can hot or warm water open skin pores and cold water closes skin pores? . i am asking this question because i am told i need to wash my hands in cold water to close my skin pores and keep lead dust or residue from entering my skin pores. i have researched this and i find articles that state pores do not open or close to sites that highly recommend to wash your hand with cold water to close the pores and prevent lead dust or residue on your hands from entering the pores. i would really like to know the best way to wash your hands to remove lead dust and reside.
tension migraines and ear burning related? . i have pretty bad tension migraines every couple of weeks or so. nausea dizzyness light-sensitivity and pain from the back of my neck to my eye socket on the left side. over the last few weeks or so i have had the occasional redness start in my ear cartilege on that side and the burning sensation on that top portion. it is also hot to the touch. could these things be related? i treat my migraines as needed as they come along.
are there pain medications available that don't make you constipated?
i am on medicare supplement insurance (aarp medical complete/secure horizons hmo). . is there a better plan with no monthly payment and lower co-pays for each tier?
what if anything can be taken for sinus congestion and sore throat when i am  weeks pregnant?
can a child have chicken pox if he does not have a fever and has not signs of itching? . my son has had both vaccines for the chicken pox. he has approximately  red spots on his body. he has not complained of a sore throat headache and no fever. he has not scratched at any of the spots and i have constantly asked if he is itchy. we planned on a family vacation in two days to disney world and are concerned that this is chicken pox but at the same time he does not have majority of the symptoms. he does have reactions to mosquito bites and ant bites with sever redness and swelling.
my -year-old is taking tamiflu and i gave him benadryl because his lips were swollen. did i give him too much medicine? . i have given him / teaspoon of benadryl and he also has taken  teaspoon of tylenol for his fever.
does anyone have conclusive proof that brushing one's teeth with coconut fat cure cavities?
is it bad to eat fatty foods cold? . say you're eating a fried chicken that you just pulled out of the fridge and you didn't heat it up. or say you have a fatty chili from the fridge that you ate straight out of the fridge. does the cold solidified fat from the food do harm to your body as opposed to the fat after being heated up?
my -year-old daughter and her baby live with my wife and myself. the kids are covered under medicaid. my daughter is a full-time student. my wife and i do not have health insurance coverage. do we need to claim the kids when we apply or do we not mention them?
we cannot afford to buy any health insurance and insurance does not cover anything. . what is the maximum penalty for a family of  people with annual income of $ ?
what can happen if i remove my i. u. d by myself?
is it okay for  yr old to be in a public pool with eczema?
my husband is  / years old and continues to work only for the health insurance. . he has a history of heart attack perforated colon with partial colon removal and other health issues. he needs to retire. i lost my job  years ago and have only found a part time job. i am  /. will we be able to get affordable healthcare through the exchange so that my husband can retire? unfortunately we live in indiana.
i am  weeks pregnant and i suffer from severe acid reflux. should i consult a gastroenterologist?
i am suffering from hair follicle infection (folliculitis n seborrhoa)
query about taking statins. dear webmd. i am  little over weight but a good exerciser and total vegetarian. even than my cholestrol remains high. my doctor prescribed lipirex  mg per day. usually around one week my values come down well within normal. after that i usually stop medication on my own. on rechecking after about a month the values are back to high again. do i have to take the medication for life? i have no heart disease but a strong family history of heart disease. . thanks. faisal
i acquired methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus (mrsa) while in hospital?
should you smack or forcefully put a finger in someones chest to wake the up from fainting . my  year old grand daughter passed out on my son-in-law and i got in an argument over this. he said this is what paramedics did to him i believe this is to judge the level of consciousness not to wake some one up who has fainted. doing this could actually cause more damage than good. i used a cold compress and supported her until she came around which was just like a couple of minutes. am i on the right track?
"had a virus  days ago that caused elevated blood test results. feel fine now. is a beer okay? . had a virus last week that caused these test results; bun  mg/dl ast  u/l alt  u/l c reactive protein .  mg/dl. all the other results came back great! arms and legs got pretty sore lost some strength from the inflammation. i feel totally fine as of  days ago. is a beer okay? not a heavy drinker just don't want to take any chances. how long before my levels to go back to normal? anything else i should know? no other symptoms or health issues. i'm '""   years old. thanks!"
why do men have nipples? . we know that women use their breast for breastfeeding. men get breast cancer but what is the purpose of men having nipples.
when is the best time of day to exercise outdoors if you have allergies?
i have diarrhea and found lumps on rectal area?
should i take valtrex while i'm pregnant?
how is juvenile myoclonic epilepsy diagnosed?
i'm taking doxycycline for a sinus/ear infection. i am positive that i have a uti. will doxycycline work on the uti?
can lupus cause skin lesions. non itchy skin lesions spreading all over body.  dermatologist diagnosed allergy to arthritis medicine. next dermatologist diagnosed fungal infection.  dermatologist diagnosed pityriasis rosea. the pulmonologist has asked for tests for lupus vasculitis and hepatitis.
how marajuana helps brain cancer
"how do i get back on track after being on various crash diets for months and then eating unhealthy for the last  weeks? . just wanted to note that i am at a healthy weight (bmi . ) and i have been craving unhealthy foods at every meal. i feel like i'm ""out of control "" since i had gotten down to a bmi of .  for a special event. what's a good way to get back on track and stop gaining weight?"
abdominal painis it a urinary tract infection?
i have a mole on the back of my neck
since summer  i've been sick at least once a month with a severe sore throat. could there be an underlying problem? . i have been to the doctor a few of the times i have been sick and was diagnoses with strep throat and the flu. however i am sick again after just being sick  weeks ago. it seems to be reassuring beginning with a sore throat and headache and sometimes entering into body aches nausea or congestion.
one of the hairs in eyebrow has changed to blond. is that normal?
is  months the ideal age to spay a female dog? . i have a vizsla puppy that was just  months and my vet suggested that if i was going to have her spayed this would be the best time which we did earlier this week. . i also have two cats that caught a cold and i went to see another vet and mentioned the above to him. he told me in his opinion it was much too early to have had her spayed for a variety of reasons. now i'm wondering if i made a mistake?
i was shaking and dripping with sweat feeling like my insides was going to come out?
why is sperm washed in infertility treatments and what are the downsides?
is overhead pressing and pulling important in training? . i've had shoulder tendonitis from doing a lot of painting and remodeling and i'd heard from the orthopedic doctor that i should stay away from military presses. . if that were the case i guess i should stay away from the lat pulldown exercise too correct? . i don't want to do damage to my shoulders in the long run i'd like to have healthy shoulders even if i stopped working out not stop working out and always be in pain from not training smart.
diagnosed with pmr (polymyalgia rheumatica)  months ago and has gradually reduced his steroid dosage to zero?
are there any side effects from cholestyramine?
i have sharp stinging pain in my thigh after professional massage therapy is it a nerve injury?
i'm due for my next round of chemotherapy but just learned i have neutropenia. what is this and what does it mean?
what exams and tests help doctors to evaluate or test people for prostatitis?
my son has a rash all over his body that looks kind of like a heat rash but isn't red and doesnt itch what is it?
are vitamins safe for me while i am pregnant?
can a recent miscarraige affect nipt screening results? . i'm currently  / weeks pregnant. about five months ago i lost a pregnancy at  weeks. due to my age i've been offered nipt screening. is it possible that the fetal cells from the baby i lost are still present in my blood and could affect the result of this test?
i had a negative pregnancy test that turned positive later. could i be pregnant? . i took  more tests same night and both negative. took another test next morning and negative. having strange symptoms of nausea dizziness fatigue low grade fever and chills. my period would have started on // if on time for my  day cycle. still have not had any bleeding but had cramping and migraine headaches around // which is the usual symptoms for me during my period. note worth also i stopped taking birth control in september .
i see bright spots in my peripheral vision vision and it's disorienting. this happens once in a while usually lasts for about  minutes and then goes away. i feel strange while it is happening.
my father is a lung cancer patient nsclc?
i have pain in chest my doctor thinks it is inflammation but i am not sure?
does green tea (no sugar or creamers) count as part of my daily water intake
could i or the person i'm with be infertile? . i been with my boyfriend for almost  years i'm a college age student and along time ago we discovered i was allergic to latex. anyways i didn't have any form of birth control for like the first two years we were having sex. (now i been on birth control for almost two years now) yes i got tested all the time but never got pregnant. i have regular periods and i been with the same guy all along. i want kids in the future (not right now) so what's the chances of being infertile?
my  month old baby doesnt reach his development milestones?
how well homeopathic medicine such as rescue remedy or aconitum works for anxiety? any side effects? my therapist recommended to me but i'm still not sure.
hi i woke up with a red bumps on my left cheek. it doesnt look like acne. i was in the sun yesterday are they sunspots? . i am fifteen years old. i get pimples/acne every now and then. but this doesnt look like acne. theyre red bumbs all over my cheek. they aren't itchy but my face feels warm when i touch it. i dont have any allergies that i am aware of and i dont think i ate something that might have caused this. i was in the sun yesterday. do you think that's what caused it. please help me. . thank you. -sarah
what is the maximum dose the nutropin aq pen  can deliver in one injection?
can a child have strep throat with no sorethroat or fever. he has welts on his back and arms and face. had ear infection and was treated with amoxil. then  day after last dose developed nausea and vomiting and diarrhea and then the welts showed up. took him to md office and he was tested for strep and it was positive. he has no sore throat or fever. he was put on amoxil again. and was also told to take benadryl.
can i still end up pregnant if my man ejaculated inside of me two days before leaking cervical fluid? . i had unprotected sex on october  and on october . both times my man ejaculated inside of me. i just started to leak some cervical fluid today and wanted to know if there is still a chance that i could end up pregnant?
my one month old has a cold. runny nose sneezing cough cant breathe and more what can i give her?
can you take advil with homeopathic ear drops
what is the best pain and other management for severe arthritis of the spine? . i had been having severe back pain for awhile and my doctors kept giving me different pain meds and other meds to help and it did for awhile but then the pain kept coming back stronger than before. so finally i changed doctors and went to her and said i wanted an m. r. i. on my back because at night my back hurt so bad and my hips to my legs would go numb i get alot of charlie horses so i had the m. r. i. and it came back as server arthritis in my spine. im  my spine is of an - yr old
my daughter is bloated nauseous has sharp pains in her lower abdomen and hasnt had a period for  months
i had a face lift two weeks ago i now have nerve damage on left side of my face?
can ebola be spread by a mosquito bite? . blood is a body fluid. . since body fluid is required for transmission/spread of ebola will a mosquito bite transfer the virus from one person to another?
 week old vomiting from mouth and nose but scan doesnt show piloric stenosis?
how to determine if you are still growing or not? . am  and wants to find out if am still growing so i can get taller. i want to find out whether am a candidate for hgh.
can you get any std from having a escort touch your testicals? . i received oral sex from an escort and i had a condom on but she held it down and her fingers touched the bottom of my penis and she touched my balls with her hand and fingers is there any danger at all with regular contact between her hand and my groin area?
is there a real risk of getting cancer from using cell phones?
the skin below my left buttock is sensitive and also accompanied with some acne-like bumps. any suggestions? . a couple of days ago i started experiencing some sensitive skin under my left buttock. over several hours the sensitive-ness expanded closer to my genitals. having assumed it wasn't serious i let it be until today when i did a self-inspection. upon closer look i noticed some bumps which look like acne aswell as a small patch of skin which has peeled away - similar to what happens when you get sunburn. male  y/o
how do dmards help treat psoriatic arthritis inflammation?
is it normal to have diarrhea when trying to move to a soft diet after a liquid diet. i have been in the hospital for  days and diagnosed with gastritis stomach ulcers severe acid hialetal hernia and sent home to try a soft diet then advance as i can. i am having diarrhea after eating almost every time.
trichomoniasis. i was told i have trichomonasis and have only been with one person for over a year. we recently had sex vaginal and anal then back to vaginal. can you get trichomoniasis from that. what else can cause it. we used sex toys as well. help please.
im on the depo now and im spotting alot. is it possible to take camrese to stop the bleeding. im due for next shot feb . if i can't take anything what can i do if anything to make it stop.
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of ergo-d?
can you get a yeast infection from taking doxycycline
my lmp was //. period was due / no period yet. i am having dull back pain and light pink spotting am i pregnant? . i am always regular with my periods so i do not know what is going on. i am also having dizzy spells and i do not know why. . can you please help me?
pregnant with spider bites
son bouts of nausea and vomiting that lasted two days extremely thristy and has lost his appetitie. last for two weeks. my son is . he has had bouts of nausea and vomiting that last for two days then afterwards he is extremely thristy and has lost his appetite. thgis last for two weeks at a time. this has been occuring for over  months. he is always tired and falls asleep in the car during the ride to school and. back. he has had blood work for diabetes and celiac disease and lyme. they were all negative.
how to reposition the crystals in the semicircular canel?
what procedure to they check for chlamydia in a man? do they use an instrument inserted in penis?
need help asap! . i had unprotected sex with a friend and he cumed inside me. then i had unprotected sex again and he cummef inside me but after took me to get the morning after called take action so i was wondering who is at worse risk of geting me pregnat?
my mothers left lung had collapsed but doctors dont know why?
is impetigo highly contagious? . my roomate has had impetigo for her whole life. she told me it's not that contagious and that i can only get it if i have a cut and she were to touch it. i wasn't convinced so i looked it up and apparently it is highly contagious. i've been at school for over a month and she just developed the rash in and underneath her nose like she apparently does every year (due to bacteria from the strep virus). are there ways for me to prevent getting this virus even though im constantly exposed to it?
are you restricted from canceling a health insurance policy anytime before jan.  because of inability to pay premiums? . can you then still apply for coverage as an uninsured person before jan. ?
can you tell me if leg weakness is a symptom of parkinson's disease?
what weighs more muscle or fat? . im just wondering about weight gain due to muscle growth. my wife has been working out for some time with weights and cardio training but she is finding that her weight has been fluctuating and at times gains weight a little bit.
i believe i will qualify for medicaid but i would prefer to buy a better health insurance plan. will i still be eligible for financial assistance on private plans?
what conditions does penicillin g benzathine treat?
what is happening to my scar? . between - weeks ago i cut under my eye which i had steri strips to close the wound it seemed to be healing well however now there is a lump on the scar which is slightly bigger width than the scar was itself. it is the same colour as the rest of the scar and also painless.
i took fish oil last night. got a rash which is now on trunk of body. how long does it take to get out of your body
something crawling on my skin but nothing there. i dont have a doctor
i have a compromised immune system due to depression. can repeated treatment for bronchitis/pneumonia cause lung cancer? . i am being treated with singular symbicort proair and tessalon. if i cough up green phlegm i will occasionally return for antibiotic treatment. i have received  chest x-rays; two evidenced bacteria the third was negative. am i at risk for lung cancer? the consistent cough troubles me.
can you get ovarian cysts on birth control? . i've been having pains in my lower left abdomen for at least a month now and my doctor told me it could be ovarian cysts. i'm on birth control though and i thought birth control was supposed to prevent them; i've been on ortho tri cyclen for at least six months now. does anyone know if it's possible to still get these cysts while on birth control? . i am scheduling an ultra sound soon i just wanted to see if anyone had input for this.
can i take naproxen with lansoprazole
my sister snorted meth voice now hoarse mucus in throat is it tonsils?
i had a vaginal pimple was popped cleaned but now keeps bleeding as if it were an open wound that won't stop bleeding. i've had a vaginal pimple before but it healed up and left sort of a scar like thing. but it came back again it popped so i cleaned it and covered the area with a bandaid to stop the bleeding now it just stop bleeding at all. it's like an open wound that doesn not stop bleeding no matter how many times i clean and cover it.
is there any way cannibas can show up in a urinalysis other than ingestion? . my mother in law is  so it's doubtful that she took up smoking without our knowledge.
what to do for accidental double dose of synthroid. after taking a double dose of synthroid  each can i take anything to counter act the increased stimulated feeling or do i just wait it out?
my .  month old has a cold sore on upper lip. is she old enough for anti-viral medication? if so what kind? . i have read about the dangers of the herpes virus in newborns and the spread to liver/brain. i will be calling my doctor but chances are they will say it's not a big deal however a baby in uk died because it wasn't treated and the virus spread internally. i want to avoid this and have some information at the ready about antiviral medication.
i am a  year old married female and i am trying to conceive a baby since  years now but failed need advice?
how to get relief from dandruff?
how can i manage dizziness or feeling faint during pregnancy?
what does a small brown dot on a tampon mean? is having a period over with when that happens?
i have three screws and a rod in my leg hurts really bad?
my right foot doesnt lay flat while walking & i walk on the ball of my foot is there anything i can do to fix this? . i have scoliosis and spina bifida from birth. i'm nineteen my former pediatric orthopedic doctor at the local children's hospital told me they could clip my achilles tendon and it would lay flay. i was told by another doctor that i would lose function in my foot entirely if i did this i've been to therapy for this but the therapy did not seem to have an effect with what my insurance allowed me to have. my foot has a large callous on it and is getting quite painful to walk on.
i have a problem with my lungs diagnosed with bacterial pneumonia?
what veins and arteries are attached to the uterus? . what happens to the veins and arteries connected to the uterus after a vaginal hysterectomy?
broken fibula  months ago and finally had surgery and autograft. docs said ok to put weight after  surg is this ok. is been so long that i am scare. my orthopedic surgeon has put me in a walking boot and is ok to walk and put full weight on the surgery leg. the surgeon has put plate and  screw and also did autograft. thank you
bp is / but still no meds prescribed. i have been suffering high blood pressure for three years - since college. i wore a monitor for  hours at the start of this year and have been deemed hypertensive. i feel unwell and have recently had crippling chest pain. my gp says these are not a cause for concern. my bp is / usually but is now /. all readings have been in gp office. do i need meds? should i seek a second opinon? . thank you for your time.
running a temperature of .  accompanied with a sore throat after being in the cold for a few hours. he worked inside all day and was fine after work he worked on his truck for a few hours and its atleast  degrees here came home and all the sudden developed a sore throat and fever of .  took tylenol stayed down for minimal time now its right back also has chest congestion.
can i take benadryl with zyrtec. my wife has hives on her chest and arms that just poped up last night.
can shingles occur in the scalp
what conditions are not dementia?
can my girlfriend be pregnant? . okay so i'm honestly so nervous about  days ago me and my girl got a little dirty and ended up dry humping and i noticed i had a stain on my shorts from us touching and stuff i know it was pre-cum. and i had cargo shorts on and boxers and she had a thong and sweatpants on and we didn't have sex we are both virgins still i beilive i touched that wet spot and then fingered her could she possible get pregnant from that i'm freaking out and i seriously need answers please.
is counting calories the way to lose weight?
what are the benefits of a long nap?
will hand feet and mouth diease cause you to lose your nails?
i've tried patches and lozenges but was unable to quit smoking. i smoke a pack a day. any ideas? . i have emphysema too.
besides medication are there better ways to help with hypothyroidism? . i have trouble with not being able to lose weight. having no energy. being depressed. being tired all the time. body aches. they are continuously changing my medication dosage but i see and feel no change.
if it possible to have anal penetration without eyaculation and get pregnant? only anal penetration. my gf has  days waiting her period she is so nervous because she think that she could be pregnant we only had anal penetration and i didn't even get close to eyaculate only penetration she has been irregular with her period last months there's no semen involucrated and i wanted to know if there's a posibility of getting pregnant by this way
after operation swollen feet and legs?
when to expect period after nexplanon removal? . had it removed december  still no sign of my period. had friends that got it removed and had a period immediately others got pregnant right away. just want to know when to expect it
i have found a large hard lump on the right side of my groin?
 yrs old woman and i got my peroid at ;i'm still growing in height and im almost  feet? . i removed my ovary on the right and i smoke both weed and cigarettes. i exercise for good health but i'm getting uncomfortable with my constant growth in height. is there anything i can do to decrease in height by an inch or how can i stop growth.
why is sugar bad for you. also what is a accetable % of sugar in food products.
on birth control but i skipped the sugarpills and started a new pack. had sex-condom. pd for last month possible preg?
i have a disabled son who i have been paying medical insurance for at the tune of $ a month. we have been afraid to let it drop because of his spinal condition. after three times of trying to get him on disability or some type of assistance to no avail i'm afraid to look into a new program only to lose what we currently have. as my husband and i age i don't know how long we will be able to support him or his insurance.
how does stress affect fertility?
is it legal for my pain clinic doctor to take my medicine and the bottle it was in it was from my primary care dr.
"age:  gender: male height: \'"" weight: anorexic build of  kg. caloric maintain:  i wish to rebuild up to  kg but through a slow process so i can enjoy eating a bit more whilst ensuring health and safety. last year i went through a binge stage of lots of junk eating. on a daily basis i was having chocolate lollies kfc for lunch a large mocha and big cookie and much more fatty (and half disgusting) food. it took four months to put just  kg on. well the past two weeks i have been eating more and calories etc but i have happened to place  kg on already. i am sure it\'s body weight and not water retention / sodium levels. (lately i have had high sodium consumption though). i would like some advice to a slow gain so i can gain  kg by september."
how fast can arthritis develope in a broken foot. i broke my left foot over a year ago and am still having problems. i've been told it is arthritis and nothing can be done except fuse the foot. what no one can or will tell me is why no problem before breaking the foot but after breaking it i suddenly have arthritis? can it develop that fast? i feel like the doctors and insurance nurse just want me to go away. thank you.
i have had a back problem for about  months now. i injured it by falling off a horse?
i have petechiae spontaniously appearing on my thighs and calves need second medical opinion?
i fainted hit my head vomited black now feel numbness?
what causes left-sided heart failure?
what are fertility problems?
why does my penis itch? . all right about a month ago my penis started to itch. i figured it was just an allergic reaction or dry skin or something. but after a month i figured something was definitely going on. i started researching on the internet and all fingers point to chlamydia or gonorrhea. i called a clinic and they cant get me in until monday. and its thursday. well i sprayed peroxide into my urethra and all of the symptoms cleared up. hopefully the peroxide got rid of everything without doing any damage.
is it bad for your health to pull all your teeth and get dentures?
i am a male always nauseaed and vomit for days. i am losing weight fast no hunger weak tired hot flashes and night swet. i had a blood test and was anemic and had low vitiam levels and im hypertensive and feel sick all the time what is it also my hemoglobin was messed up as well as my white. i have small red bumps on my body and get very itchy all over not the bumps
can lactose intolerance cause weight gain? if all my food rushes through could my body be overdoing calorie retention? . if all the food i eat constantly rushes through could my body be overcompensating and desperately trying to get calories out of food because it usually 'rushes' out? . i've timed my body before and high-lactose items last  minutes (until desperate release). this sounds like the gi may have to be in high gear just to try to absorb food. if it's in this gear when i don't have lactose i feel it may be a reason for weigh gain or retention.
what can prevent vitamin d from being absorbed into your body. i was diagnosed with osteoporosis and osteopenia. i had a dexa test and blood work which showed my vit d level @ . dr. put me on   ius of vitamin d once a week for  weeks - did this  times. just had more blood work and my vit. d level only came up to  - still very low. my question is why isn't it coming up. now he has be on the same   for another  weeks. i also get   a day in my multi vitamin. do certain foods prevent vitamin d getting into the body.
i have high triglycerides and high ldl's and i'm in excellent physical shape. how do i lower these levels without meds? . high cholesterol htn etc. all run in my family. i cut out red meats and non-whole wheat breads and pastas for about  weeks without any change. i would like to find a way to drop my cholesterol w/o going on meds. my entire family is on various cholesterol and bp meds but they're all overweight and refuse to diet/exercise. is this something i can beat w/o meds? if i continue on with high levels throughout my life would i be able to mitigate the risks of heart disease diabetes and so on?
how can i prevent brown spots from showing up on my skin?
if poison ivy isnt contagious why is mine spreading on my body? does it go through the blood stream?
neurologist says minor narrowing in arteries or is it a stroke need second opinion?
allergic reaction to hair loss product? .  year ago had minor hair loss/thinning at the crown region only. used alpecin liquid few months then noticed hair loss got much worse in crown and now in the center region. (i never had any thinning or hair loss at center path before). did i have an allergic reaction to the alpecin? surgeon said i'm not candidate for hair transplant incisions may damage existing follicles. what are my options? on finasteride for  months. will i ever be a candidate for hair transplant?
how much almond milk do i have to drink to get  units of calcium daily?
what would cause discoloration of your stool specifically a black color? . on november  i experienced virus like symptoms. i was having headaches body aches and i also had diarrhea. on november  i began taking pepto bismol and imodium. i could hear gas like noises in my stomach. the diarrhea stopped and i didn't have a bowel movement until nov . every movement since then has had a black color. what could cause this black color? .
hives as a side effect of minocycline? . my daughter has been on minocycline for a week. today she woke up with an itchy patch of skin. tonight there are more patches of itchy slightly raised skin. is this hives and could it be a side effect of the minocycline?
is it safe to use olive oil to get rid of ear wax and does it work?
why do i wake up with pounding migraines? . my period hasn't came yet and i started waking up with migraines ever since i started taking topiramate.
i had fever bad cough pain and chills for a week?
how can i begin to make healthier food choices?
is there a pill to take that gets rid of warts/genital warts?
what is stronger vicoden   or porcocet -
itching/burning feeling on the side of my penis only one side. not getting worst and it comes and goes. there's just an irritation on the side of my penis it doesn't always cause discomfort but when it does itching it relieves it for a while but then it just makes me want to continuously scratch at it until it breaks skin every so slightly
i have or think i have bipolar disorder when should i contact my doctor?
is it safe to put hydrogen perioxide in your ears?
i have many symptoms: chills shakiness trouble sleeping weakness need second doctor opinion?
"is it safe to ""push through"" fibromyalgia pain? . every time i even attempt to do any sort of exercise the pain doesn't really allow me to do anything. i used to be an athlete many years ago and i would just push through the pain or keep going until the pain went away. i haven't been able to work for years since my accident and fibromyalgia and it is very frustrating. . i am wondering if i can do any damage to my body if i push through the pain? . is it safe to force my body to work through the pain and attempt exercise?"
gritty uncomfortable sensation under the eyelid in the right eye. it's also really red. the left one is ok. what is it?
i have polycystic ovarian disease. can i stop my medication?
my  month old son is constipated. what can i do to help him? . last week a couple nights my son was up all night with this horrible cry. it wasn't a hungry cry it was like a cry to let me know he was in pain. i knew it was his stomach because he didn't poop for a whole entire day and a half. he was drinking gerber good start gentle and i thought maybe that was bothering him so i switched his formula to gerber soy because i am lactose and was wondering if he was too. i notice he seemed to be better on the soy rather then the gerber gentle.
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of tinzaparin (porcine)?
 yr old grandaughter has small blisters all over back to butt and around front. not itchy.
plz explain. yesterday i was drinking orange juice and it seemed to tickle my airway i didn't cough right away just hacked a little. i still felt some tickling so i coughed intentionally. plz reassure me that this won't cause secondary drowning. thank you very much!
what causes gallstones?
can i go out in the sun while taking  mg dose of amoxicillin?
i use a high spf lotion on my face daily especially when going outdoors. why do i have sun spots and white freckles?
i suffer from olfactory hallucination (phantosmia) for over ?
why does my baby have boobs?
can hydrocortisone cream . % usp be used for scalp psoriasis?
puncture wound  days old from cat bite -between thumb and palm on palm-side of hand -swelling from site to wrist-. might have hit tendon and the underside of my wrist is swollen and sore
if i've had type b flu can i get type a? also can a person with type b give another person type a?
dry itchy patches on my face need second doctor opinion?
i have insomnia have had it for quite a few years. was told i had rbc (red blood cell count)deficiency as well?
im having multiple problems after having my neck fusion of   ?
is it safe?
pain in shoulder radiating down arm. should i use ice or heat? . worked out with a trainer tuesday and that night woke up with pain in shoulder radiating down arm especially around elbow. have had ekg so no heart issue. been taking alieve but need to know if i should use cold packs or heat.
doctor recommended operation to remove cysts on both ovaries need a second opinion?
can a methylprednisolone injection in the spine cause muscle spasms? . i had an steroid methylprednisolone injection in the sacroiliac joint  days ago and am now having severe muscle spasms at night mostly in the legs but in my fingers as well. does this steroid have anything to do with the spasms?
would it better for me to move from connecticut to virginia because of my arthritis? i don't want to move west.
can suppliments like whey protein shakes enhance height in a  year old male who is ' '' now? . the young man is from nepal with mother's height of ' father at ' . young man is active soccer player in excellent health. consumes generally indo-nepali meals and fast foods (w/o beef). he is asking for height enhancing drugs/ supplements. any advice to parents?
i have lower back pain been to chiropractor doctor and physical therapist nothing helps?
over the counter medicine to resolve stomach pain from acid reflux? . i have acid reflux issues. i do pay attention to my diet and try to avoid anything that will make me feel miserable for the day. but it feels like when it comes to eating it's like walking on eggshells. like i don't know if something new will agree with me or not and i'm sick of living this way. i don't get heartburn -it's all in my stomach. is there anything i can take over the counter that will help me everyday?
could i be pregnant even if the three pregnancy tests i have taken have come out negative?
i have parathyroids on my aortic arch. can this cause a heart attack?
how effective is suprax. my  yr old son has severe sinus infection. that lead to bacteria sinus infection coughing. etc. pediatrician prescribe  of suprax. he has been taking it for  days now. but he is still coughing constantly at night and sneezing in the day time and nose is still running thick mucus. my question is how soon can we see a result this is suppose to be the strongest antibiotic out here for kids.
i have strabismus and was wondering if l. a care can pay for my eye surgery? . i'm  years old and come from a low-income family. if l. a care can't is their an insurance plan that can?
 years old what make vagina burning. vagina burnig and cottage cheese discharge. im on premarin cream  since . at the biginig it was wonderful. since the last  years i keep telling my dr. about the burning in the opening of the vagina. the premarin took away at first but not any longer. she just told me to use it every  days. when i do it the next day is worse. please tell me what to do. i think bthis hormone is doing me more harm than good
i am  and on medicare and medicaid. what do i need to apply for to get health insurance coverage?
is brownish spotting between periods normal even though i'm on birth control? . i'm due for my period next week but this morning i woke up with a brownish spotting that has increasingly become heavier during the day. i had unprotected sex with my boyfriend on september  but i haven't missed a pill and have been taking them every day upon awakening. i started the pill last august and took them straight through until i stopped for the month of june but got back on it this july. school has been making me anxious lately also but i'm nervous this could point to pregnancy
can you help with condylox genital warts treatment and side effects? . hi i have used the treatment for the  twice a day and now it is sore swollen the skin in white with little open skin marks where warts used to be. also it is a little smelly. is this normal? . the warts appear to have gone but i can't even wipe myself properly once been to the toilet although it doesnt hurt when i do go. i hope you can help.
i am on medicaid because of a back disability. i am  waiting on surgury almost a year. health is worse cigna wont pay. how do i get medicaid to help me. still waiting for approval from cigna meantime have to take morphine to help with pain. i am worse no one to help!
i had some bumps on my penis not painful is it herpes?
does ra cause fatigue? . i am extremly tired all of the time. i have ra. can the fatigue be caused from ra or mexotrexate?
for the past  mths my bp has been / / and /. i am worried. what can cause your bp to be so low?
bleed a week ago now bleeding but only see it when wiping can i be pregnant
i know this sounds crazy but i got some water up my nose in the shower and now i'm scared. is the deadly amoeba in pa? . i just need to know if any cases of the deadly infection caused by the naegleria fowleri amoeba came up in pennsylvania. i live in pennsylvania and i got some water up my nose two days ago while taking a shower. now my throat kind of hurts so i am freaking out thinking that may be a first sign.
can you use neosporin on the inside of vagina lips. i have had a yeast infection and got a prescription for it but the itching got the best of me and i scratched and looked today and saw a little open scratch mark that just cant heal up. is there anything i can do to heal it? can i use neosporin?
could i have athlete's foot? can our athletic trainer help me? . i'm checking for my sister who is  she swims and thinks she has athlete's foot. the area is between her  and  toes it's peeling away has been there for at least  weeks it's itchy and is slightly red (like the skin below the peeling) she says it's spread a little too. we need to know if our athletic trainer at the high school can tell her if she even has athlete's foot. also if she does what can we do to naturally treat it?
im afraid i cant carry out my pregnancy what should i do?
how do i talk to my fiance about having herpes? also how can i be sure not to give it to him once were married? . i've been on medication and see a dr regularly i just am scared i could spread it to him and am nervous to talk to him about it.
can too much alcohol cause hemochromatosis?
are there any stretches or exercises that can prevent cramping in my feet when i exercise?
i want to find another drug that is cheaper than what i am taking: protonix  milligrams.
what are these white bumps on my -year-old's tongue?
i'm  & had an inner ear infection & perforated ear drum. it's been a little over  days & the antibiotics took the ear infection away but i still cannot hear & it's driving me nuts. my ear drains a bit when i lay on that ear at night & i can still blow air out of my ear when i blow my nose. how can i unplug my ear so i can hear again?
can male become fahter if ca't produc sperm in the semen?
when am i no longer contagious? i caught a cold then three days later developed bronchitis. i understand the cold has a three-day contagiousness window--one day before you know you are ill and two days following. but what happens when the cold develops into bronchitis? am i contagious again when the bronchitis symptoms appear? bottom line: when am i clear to return to work so i do not infect others?
major complaint is upper stomach pain(not nausea) middle to right side?
i bruise very easly what kind of supplements could i take to help prevent brusing? . the bruising is not from injury just everyday things. example my  pound cat launched himself off my leg and next day i had  bruises where his paws were.
how am i suppossed to pull out a condom that i tryed pulling out at the time and now it is lost?
i eat a lot of celery daily. i'm about to have surgery on my caroid artery. should i stop eating celery if so when?
can i just wait and hope my heartburn goes away?
i have polycystic ovary syndrome. now i have spotting or bleeding every couple of days
when i gave birth i tore very very badly urine is now inside my vaginal canal?
my daughter had a dental cleaning. now she has a large bubble on her gum above one of the teeth. what should i do?
i have lymp nod on my left sides swelling near my left ear and a small lump random chest pains
i had surgery on friday i noted a swollen lip how could this injury have occurred?
how is emphysema diagnosed?
can asthma be triggered hours later after leaving a smokers house using air cleaners and no direct smoking
how do you break a fever on a two year old and when should i take her to the hospital if i cant get it to break. she has had a fever for two days now so far the highest temp being . °f now its around °f and i cant get it to break with meds ive tried a cool bath still nothing she also has a cough with the fever could it be because he two year mollers are coming in idk what to do i never had this problem with my son
i have yellow bumps in my throat?
while admitted in hospital my amylase and lipase percentage has been  time the normal range?
is depression hereditary? . it seems like just recently our oldest son and our youngest son have shown signs of depression. my husband and myself in the past year were diagnosed with a mild case of depression. i have been on sertraline for about a year and a half and have recently been removed. it just seems very odd to us that our two boys seem to be having some of the same issues that we have had in the last year or two. is depression hereditary?
i got sick after going to my doctor she gave me  antibiotics flustat adco cyclizine for my ears and pain tablets?
why is sickle cell anemia common in african americans?
can what you eat the day before a cholesterol blood test skew the results? . i went out to eat the day before my blood test and had an irish blt and french fries and didn't eat a very healthy dinner either. my cholesterol  years ago was under  my diet habits have not changed much other than the occasional slide like mentioned above. so my total cholesterol was  - my hdl is  and my ldl is . my doctor did not give me the number for triglicerides. just curious if what was eaten could skew the numbers. . . . . thank you.
am i pregnant. i have not had my period since november and when i take a pregnancy test it comes back negative but i have all the symptoms
is not sneezing ok? it builds up like a sneeze wants to come out but then goes away. . my sister one time told me in order to sneeze to tilt your head back. i try that and the sneeze build up goes away. i usually sneeze once or twice a day. it's been almost a week since i have not sneezed. after the sneeze build up goes away my nose does drip but just long enough for me to blow my nose. . i have not come down with a cold for almost a year now which is not normal for me. is it normal to not sneeze for a period of time?
can lupus cause skin lesions. non itchy skin lesions spreading all over body.  dermatologist diagnosed allergy to arthritis medicine. next dermatologist diagnosed fungal infection.  dermatologist diagnosed pityriasis rosea. the pulmonologist has asked for tests for lupus vasculitis and hepatitis.
i have a question. like if you take a sea salt bath because of you have a tear or scratch in your vagina like how do u get like the sea salt inside your vagina? . and like does your like vagina close in like water? . and like why does it hurt? . and does sea salt water burn inside it?
i have scabies will my family get them?
how can a dermal filler make my dark circles around my eyes go away? how much does it cost?
i've seen advertisements for supplements called vimax and extenze for penis enlargement. are these products safe?
can i take advil with amoxicillin? . i got my wisdom tooth coming out of the gum. doctor said it was infected so prescribe me amoxicillin. will it relieve the pain or should i take the advil with the amoxicillin?
i have been dealing with severe fatigue muscle tension burning under the skin for  + months now?
astrologicalremedies is it possible to solve the problems? . astrology
can my girlfriend get pregnant from me if she is already pregnant from another man?
"how should my -year-old son ('""  lbs) be eating particularly before his football games and lacrosse games?"
effects of using ofloxacin ear drops . % in eyes?
does vitamin c help colds?
what is a fracture or broken bone of the knee and how is it treated?
ive been trying to conceive about a year now if i take fertility pills will they help?
how can i manage shortness of breath during pregnancy?
can a man contract trichomoniasis from having unprotected sex with a partner with a bacteria and/or yeast infection?
can pre-cum get you pregnant while on your period? . wanting to know if i could be pregnant even if my bf pulled out while i was bleeding. i just had a baby two months ago on may  and its july  and i've been bleeding ever since i had my baby so i don't know if its my period or not. so i'm just concerned about everything. and really wanting to know if i can get pregnant with pre cum even though i'm still bleeding.?
"week ahead on birth control pills what to do? . my girlfriend is getting to her ""time of the month"" pills a week before she should be she doesn't know how it happened but it's like she lost a week of the blue pills somewhere what should she do?"
i have sharp pains in the stomach and upper intestine areas nausea throwing up and dizzyness should i be concerned? . it's been five hours and it's only getting worse. it started slightly about the belly button then spread to my sides and up.
do kids need sunglasses? i did not wear them when i was a child and my eyes are fine.
hi i have sjogrens syndrome and woke up today with a rash on both feet?
can sinus and tinnitus conflick cause som memory loss. as i have sinus problems and tinnitus can effect you memory?
when i stand up my body contorts for a few seconds?
can i get pregnant with irritable bowel syndrome? . i have been with my fiance up to - years and have had so much trouble since  grade with foods and finally found out it to be irritable bowel syndrome. i have been on birth control and i am faithful to it.
i am a  yr old woman feeling constantly tired all the time its putting my family on the line?
a doctor diagnosed my mother with an enflammed appendix yet sent her home w/out surgery. why? . she went to see her primary care doctor for all thge systems of appendicitis except fever. her doc sent her straight to the hospital after a ct scan revealed an enlarged appendix. the hospital keep her overnight and didn't do surgery to remove the appendix. the doctor at the hospital said it was enlarged/inflamed yet sent her home. why would they not do surgery if its enlarged and inflamed?
at what temperature should an adult take a fever reducer?
what is the difference between alpha and beta thalassemia?
who is at risk for getting extensively drug-resistant (xdr) tuberculosis?
if the condom did not break what are the chances of still becoming pregnant? . had sex on \ my period is sometimes normal and sometimes not but lately it has been regular. i was suppose to get it on the  but here we are today the  and nothing. the condom didn't appear to be broken but here i am freaking out. i keep searching the internet for info and i'll find some symptoms i have and that just makes me more irritated like just yesterday my legs became very sore although i did nothing different and then today i found that can be a early sign of pregnancy.
my grandfather passed away at hospital choked on food?
is it true that birth control is ineffective when on antibiotics?
is there anything that can prevent my urethra from constantly expanding causing continual leakage? . pelvic exercises did not work
i get a sharp pain in my right side just below my rib cage any time i take a deep breath or rotate my torso. what is it? . it's been going on for about  hours now. even when i lay down it hurts so sleeping can be a challenge. the only way i can get to sleep is by laying on my stomach which seems to relieve my pain. i don't have a fever and i'm not vomiting. the only other symptom i have is when i tighten my abdominal muscles it starts to hurt then too. the area is not discolored or hot to the touch no swelling that i can see and i don't think its inflamed. i don't see any bug bites or anything of that nature.
does smoking affects my accutane course?
does preparation h help with dark circles under the eyes?
"are there adverse side effects of ""provenge""(sipuleucel-t)? does clinical experience show effectiveness? . used for autologous cellular immunotherapy of metastatic prostate cancer."
is it possible to have too few calories in a day? . the webmd food and fitness planner suggests that for my current weight and my weight loss target i should be consuming  calories per day and burning  leaving a total of . many days i consume less than  and burn lots more than . is this bad for me as my body isn't getting the difference of  calories at the end of each day? . for example today i consumed only  and burnt  leaving my body short of  based on the chart.
i recently lost my virginity i bled a lot during sex and am still bleeding a tiny bit two days later. is this bad?
recently developed some breathing issues and have a soreness of lungsany possibilities. have had sinus infection recently but got over that but about  weeks later started having trouble breathing. no cough no injuries
"we are having some weight gain and growth issues with our  month old. my daughter stella is  months old. she is only  lbs and not growing well. she is in the ""less than  %"" on both height and weight. we have been to several doctors and have had several tests done and luckily everything has come back fine. stella loves to eat! she can eat a kids meal and  minutes later be asking for a snack. with all the food she eats she should be an obese baby. she is doing great developmentally. anyone with some advice on other tests please let me know."
i have pain discomfort almost non-stop frequent urination my life has become miserable?
what is creatine phosphokinase (cpk)?
can i take mucinex with tamiflu? . several family members have flu and taking tamiflu. they still have heavy congestion and fevers after several days on tamiflu. can they take other aids to relieve this?
what sleep aids can i take that are not habit forming but will give me a good night's sleep?
what drugs have a negative effect on the skin's ability to tan?
how can i avoid jet lag?
my girlfriend develop a yeast infection after we had sex. this is her first occurance in years. could sex have cause it. my girlfriend develop a yeast infection a couple of days after we had sex. this is her first occurance in years. a few weeks before i had sex with her i had protected sex with another woman. could sex have cause it? how do i or we know if its something other than a yeast infection? will it re-appear if we have sex again?
wife has blood clot in leg and taking shots for this and has leg elavated but still has pain in leg. what else can we do
ive seen various doctors since november  in regard to a severe ear infection?
painful mole or skin tag burns constantly. a few years ago i noticed a small bump under my left armpit. at first it never bothered me and i thought it was going to turn into a skin tag but it never has. it is like a small plateau shaped mole that is about the same color as my skin. it constantly has a throbbing burning sensation to it and sometimes stings like being stung or poked with a needle. it is more irritating than anything and i was just wondering what it could be?
causes of dark brown stool? . i just passed a dark brown stool not black but pretty dark brown. i was constipated as well; i hadn't gone to the bathroom in almost two days. i'm a college student so i don't have a very nourishing diet at all. no diarrhea. slight dull abdominal pain--but i think that may just be my mind worrying about it too much.
why are neighborhood medical spas buyer beware?
does fibromyalgia cause nausea and tightness in the jaw
if a person has uric acid what kind of kidney stone is that person likely to have?
are there foods i can add to my diet to help my skin?
can kids take dramamine?
when to eat after insulin injection? also how much to eat after your insulin injection?
is there an interaction between soma and adderall xr?
my problem is staying asleep! i've had a sleep study; no apnea but i'm not getting enough delta sleep. any suggestions?
vagina odor? . had unprotected sex on a saturday. then sunday started my period ( weeks early) lasted until saturday. ran out of tampons on friday and bought a cheap brand - after inserting tampon i felt burning and cramping pain  hours after. took it out then sunday started having vagina odor its been three days now with odor and have cramping pain in pelvic area discharge seems normal. any ideas?
my hands tremble feel nerve pain and stomach pain after masturbating?
is it okay to ride horses while pregnant? . i have ridden for years and it's not like i would ride crazy horses or go faster than a walk. i know what im doing and don't see the harm in a slow walk.
can you take too much protein (as in protein shakes food vitamins etc? )
my grandma fell her ankle is now huge and swollen?
should i talk to my doctor before beginning an exercise program?
seborrheic dermatitis on  yr old model f. my scalp is all red / white (flakes) and i have to get my hair done every few days to keep my scalp from itching. i looked online and saw that if i shave my head it goes away and i cannot do that and keep my modeling career but i'm willing to shave my head short term and get any surgery available if it will permanently remove my condition. i also looked and saw that when you grow your hair back from being bald your dermatitis comes back. is there any surgery available or something?
can sulfasalazine change hairs reaction to hair die?
i have a stomach ache pretty much everyday and wanna know why and/or how to fix it?
what can i use for dark circles under my eyes?
does thyroid problem delay pregnancy?
am i pregnant . no period
how to enhance taste buds in geriatrics
headache for  days. getting worse. no relief. noticed more confusion. what could it be? . i have had a headache for the past  days. it is on my right side in the back but not on the lower part of my head. having a difficult time remember what i was saying in the middle of a conversation or what i walked into a room for.
my grandma fell her ankle is now huge and swollen?
i think i picked up athlete's foot fungus from the swimming pool locker room. how do i get rid of it?
is naproxen sodium  mg safe for a sun burn blister only lip? . i had a soccer game yesterday in the hot sun extremely hot i got home waited about  and took a shower i still remember my face being very hot i don't know if this caused two blisters to appear on my lip is naproxen recommend for my lip to become less swell?
should i be concerned or do something else? . it appears i have one of this seasons flu's. i just woke up and my temp in one ear was .  and .  in the other. i took  advil and stepped outside in the  degree weather for about  minutes. i am going to put a cold pack on my head right now.
i always use protection and i recently was diagnosed with genital herpes is that possible? and how? . my partner ive been with for  months has never shown any signs of an outbreak or even mouth sores.
possible ingestion of pantry moth eggs & larvae is there a health risk? . pantry moths eggs & larvae ingestion health risk?
i qualified for medicaid but am not sure if i want or should go that direction. any suggestions? . and with the medicaid options i must choose between illinois health connect or harmony hpi. i assume the difference is between an hmo and a ppo?
 doctors have no solution for my situation
i had ct scan for throat cancer – can i trust results
when should you call  when your child has a cold or cough?
can you help me understand why my boyfriend is not able to ejaculate?
i'm currently on medicare/medicaid. i have been disabled since . my only source of income is ssdi. i'm  and am eligible for dual coverage. i want to know if obamacare is going to affect me. will i be eligible for more than i am now or will things become less? i've heard it will remain the same.
what are the symptoms of gallstones?
how to read blood work. got some high number's. what is sgot/ast ldl mean? thanks
will dentures make me look different?
if i'm dissatisfied with my employer's health insurance over % poverty can i leave my plan to sign up under aca? . are there penalties for leaving an insurer outside of enrollment periods or a life changing event?
how to cure diarrhea in cat. na.
why do i have a flutter in my heart area. high blood pressure. taking medicine. also thyroid and goiter problems.
"can you ""heal"" a cavity? i've been reading a few places that say you can. i have read you can take certain supplements and oils and your teeth like a broken bone will repair itself."
i am confused because my dr says to stay on a low protein diet because my ammonia level is . . however my total protein test is low at .  won't this effect my total protein result?
-year-old female experiencing neurological problems parkinsons disease?
can my unsteadiness and imbalance be due to only spine issues or parkinsons or both?
iud removed on /. cycle came /. only lasted  days which is not normal for me. could i actually be pregnant?
awoke early couldn't breath! lasted about a minute finally started to breath very frightened! two shorter instances.  year old woman good health otherwise two prior instancews were very short duration. this one very bad husband slapped on bacdk not sure if that did it?
i have felt sensations of tachycardia to the head?
can pain caused by gallstones radiate into the jaw. pressure pain in abdomen; builds and then slowly fades; some pain in jaw. more prevalent after a meal and after physical exertion.
what can i do to help with arthritis in my feet on the bottom of my feet and they hurt badly
are hives contagious?
with gastroparesis: is liquid food like jevity good? already follow jackson siegelbaum diet for gastroparesis.
am  weeks pregnant and have difficulty breathing my heart beat increases after walking few distance/climbing stairs. i feel uncomfortable while sitting in a position for a while also while lying down.
what type of underlying health problems can cause oxygen levels to drop at nighttime?
what are the dietary restrictions for celiac disease (gluten)?
feels like something is stuck behind uvula. causes coughing and clearing of throat but still have feeling. had a cold cold went away but now this non-stop feeling of having something stuck behind uvula. throat looks fine i feel fine except for feeling that something is stuck in my throat.
i have felt sensations of tachycardia to the head?
i'm  with two total hip replacements on my left leg. i expect one more hip replacement at . what will happen then?
can changing your diet improve urinary incontinence?
what can you do for bad circulation in your hand. when i lay down my hands loose circulation or sit in an awkward position
am i pregnant or are these early period signs? . it's been  days since i had sexual intercourse. i've been having your standard stomach cramps bloating. these are also symptoms i get i was suppose to get my period around  days ago to today and i still haven't gotten it. so i'm more leaning on that my period is coming.
big stomach but lost  lbs. my daughter has lost  lbs. she is thin everywhere but her stomach is still as large as ever. it is a bit jiggly but a bit hard. her primary took xrays and said all she saw was a build up of waste. what could be the problem? thank you.
i did xray and the findings are suspicious densities in upper right lobe?
i have a tumor on my scalp?
how is paget's disease diagnosed?
i have pain discomfort almost non-stop frequent urination my life has become miserable?
i am currently receiving unemployment benefits. . i qualify now for financial assistance through the exchange but what happens if after january  my financial situation improves? will my financial assistance be changed at that point or do you keep the same premium/assistance for the entire plan year?
what can i say to a friend while she is having an anxiety attack? . my friend has generalized anxiety disorder and she has panic attacks pretty often. once or twice a week typically and when it's the worst daily. they get bad and it's pretty scary. i was wondering what i can do/say to her that will stop the anxiety attack or make it less bad so she doesn't have to leave class. she has a fear of throwing up that's often what causes the panic attacks even when she just has a stomachache she freaks out. she is on treatment but it can only help so much.
debilitating back pain unable to do anything tests show connective tissue disease
my son was born a noneater but he changed at  (now ) and now overeats. i was wondering how and why this happened.? . my son was born a nonfood enthusiast. he was always the last person to wrap up lunch in preschool and it was never done. his blood sugar was low and he weighed little. he felt sick at the sight of food. all that changed in grade  and we were all delighted that he would eat. by the end of the year though he was overweight and he overate. i thought it was a phase since he was not by nature like that; it was sudden. he is still however and i was wondering how it could suddenly change.
i underwent a lung lobectomy now the left side of my body is always cold?
how to treat a hernia
does prozac show up on a drug test?
my skin has been itchy and i have a rash on my arms and legs whenever i scartch it it turns into a big bump. i have been getting skin colored bumps on my arms thighs and legs and they get really itchy and so i scratch them and then they turn into big bumps. i also have been getting red spots on my hand and my palms are really red with spots and they are also itchy. it seems like the bumps are on hair form under hair follicles but i'm not sure. . <link>. the upper left is my thigh the right is my arm and the bottom is my hand
my lower leg has been itching and ive had slow-healing sores for five years. is it related to high stress at work?
why do i bloat up after dinner? we don't overeat and we eat a good diet but my wife and i bloat up hours every evening. this starts around thirty minutes after dinner and lasts up to a couple of hours. doesn't seem to matter what we eat. we usually take our multivitamin and fish oil tablets and then eat. we have tried cutting back but it still happens and has been going on for months possibly a year.
i treid to get blood drawn and nothing came out from my arm so they tried my hand and still nothing whats wrong? . i am a healthy  year old female. the doctor tried the veins in my arms first and nothing came out so he then went to my hand and nothing came out he said my veins were to small. i had drank a whole bottle of water an hour before i went in because i had to do a urine test right after this.
"when i was young and going through puberty i sexually experimented with guys i gusse the earliest was when i tried to kiss a guy then other times ""firends rubbed thier penis between my legs thenseveral other times a friend preformed anal on me after that ive never done that crap ever again since ive had  serious relation ships with girls and iam in one right now iam terrified i might be gay i also have ocd tho dose this make me gay im very worried"
how much water should a woman drink if she exercises four hours a day?
i am  weeks pregnant and have a cold. is it alright to take tylenol pm?
high blood pressure intense colds minor chest pains and feeling light headed went to er all ok what can this be?
i may need diagnostic testing and this time i have a trail period before i can get my health insurance. i would be a self-pay pt and fear the cost of such tests. if i go to an emergency room can i convince them to order mris cts without insurance if i am concerned? i am putting this off for as long as i can right now.
urinating while sleeping. i am in my 's and the past few weeks i have woke up and found that i urinated in bed while i was sleep. what is happening? should i be concerned? this has never happened before.
how whey protein might interacts with gluten intolerence. for the last few days i've been awakening with extreme fatigue and an oppressive headache both of which can last all day and are the exact symptoms of my gluten intolerance. after double checking my regular diet they only thing if found that seem the slightest bit suspicious is whey protein which is contained in the chocolate frosting i used sometimes. thus my question. any thoughts? . thanks sam
do people who smoke meth have parasites worms present in their bodies if so how do you get rid of them?
i think i might have anxiety? . i recently started college (as in about a month ago) and since i've been here i've felt sick but i didn't think much of it. but for the past week or so it's gotten a lot worse and i have been physically ill to the point of skipping class because of it but nothing i've done has helped. i've had issues with stress management nervousness and anxiety before to the point of regularly seeing a counselor but could what i'm experiencing be the proper onset of an anxiety disorder?
i have had a knee replaced twice and revised once in  months. my sed rate is . should i be worried about infection. i have alos been expering pain. when i got my knee drained today the doc said it looked like there was blood in it and described it as cloudy. should i be concerned?
i've had stomach cramps for  days and signs of dehydration without vomitting or had diarrhea. should i go to the er?
are there certain foods i should eat -- or avoid -- to lose belly fat?
i am a hairdresser and the last  months i am experiencing painful legs constant pain?
baby wakes up  times per night not normal
a huge question we need answered after star wars: force awakens. today we will not be talking about the milestones for the box office that its reached or any of its criticisms or merchandising records. if you have already seen the movie you know that it raises a ton of questions to be answered just like a great deal of swtor credit is needed to play swtor. and the following will be  question that we want answered in the upcoming series of movies episode viii and episode ix.
what can i do to treat pagets disease of bone at home?
how can we identify food allergies that our baby might have?
" days ago my  year old son had vomited  violent episodes. he seemed to recover but he began again yesterday. both times were sudden he said he started to feel naseous and immediately had to vomit. he'd then vomit until he was completely empty sip water until he felt ""normal"" and then eat crackers. then have another bout of violent vomiting."
would you kindly suggest diet for a pregnant woman?
period was supposed to start / last night and this morning light pink when i wipe. can i be pregnant?
can someone have schizophrenia and be bi-polar as well?
i have menstruation problems doc gives me lots of meds want to have a baby?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of valproic acid (as sodium salt)?
can low carb diet cause anxiety?
are there pills i can take for eczema on my hands? the ointments don't work
ive been having constant headache for about  days now?
my baby had immunization in uk and he should have done the third shot but cant?
i have a horrible pain in my left side every time i orgasm?
vision is worsening. what is better to operate first cataracts or pterygiums? . my mom  has been diagnosed with both cataracts and pterygiums and her vision is worsening. what is better to operate first? thanks!
should i use the same surgeon for multiple procedures?
i have a very high metabolism and i can't gain weight. how can i lower my metabolism while exercising more? . i'm  years old ' tall and weigh only about -. i'm also not very active. i want to start running and lifting weights but it's tough for me to gain muscle because i have a very hard time putting on weight. what can i do to lower my metabolism enough to start putting on weight and getting bigger? i also don't eat very well but tend to eat a descent amount of protein every day.
what is the difference between night terrors and nightmares?
can adderall give a positive test for methamphetamines & amphetamines? . typical question for dui / dwi testing.
what can i do about the redness i get after using retin-a and vitamin c?
i have history of amebiasis what foods will trigger it again?
my brother has been losing his hearing abilities since he was - years old?
"once your exposed to hepatitis does the virus stay with you forever or can u be hepatitis free? . my sex partner resently mentioned he had been exposed to hepatitis but quickly added ""i'm okay now"". should i go get tested? i've had really bad belly pain my family has mentioned that my skin is looking yellow and pale feeling tired and flu like symptoms. please help me i am really scared and worried. please help me!"
i'm just coming off having the severe flu and haven't had the flu shot this year. is it wise to still get it?
we had sex with a condom on and it popped and i was ovulating is there a chance i could get pregnant? . i came of the pill about  months ago and we had sex on the  of may we were wearing a condom but it broke and we didnt know until we pulled it out. i was ovulating at the time and was wondering do i have a high chance or any chance of getting pregnant? and when should i take a test?
sinusitis with throat and ear pain. i woke up with puffiness under both eyes my left eye had thick yellowish crust in the corners my right ear hurts a sharp pain every time i swallow or blow my nose. servere pain.
what causes eczema?
why is my nipple sore? . i am a  year old male. for a few weeks my left nipple has been sensitive - it bothers me when i wear heavier shirts coats etc. i have no pain in my breast and i can feel no lumps in or near the breast. there is no discharge itching or rash and the nipple looks pretty much like my other nipple that is not sensitive. i was taking propecia but stopped several weeks ago.
my baby cries when he is hungry or diaper is wet but he doesn't cry when he is hurt by falling down & after injection? . is it normal for baby not crying after someone hit him or he accidentally hit himself on his face. he received vaccination at his  month birthday. and he didn't cry from this injection. please explain? thank you kay
what happens if the burrows bust and leak when you have scabies? . he has these burrows every where on him. they are busting when we applied the cream.
if i have had chlamydia untreated for a yr what is the chance i will have pid or other problems? i have had  symptoms.
ive been following lchf (low carb-high fat) diet for just  months only please advise?
vaginal opening- tissue growing back together. my daughter is  years old and has been having some trouble with the skin of her vagina opening growing back together. the one nurse practitioner prescribed estrogen. after using this a few times i noticed the tissue began to separate gain. several months later this problem seem to happen again so we went back and saw a doctor this time he was completely against using estrogen because of the side effects. what can we use that will help with this problem?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of azor?
my bf has pericarditis heart pains never last now pain wont go away?
should you exercise or golf with sixth cranial nerve palsy having been just discussed in the emergency room yesterday? . seeing the specialist on tuesday. male occured yesterday at  am friday. still persists saturday noon seeing  fingers on left hand.
 year old had tubal done  years ago having tender breasts and milky discharge?
i was born with bladder extrophy how to reduce kidney pain and get better?
my mom has intestinal worms and has tried several home remedies. now she is experiencing some pain. what can she do?
what are the systems of the flu is ear ache one?
how can shingles be treated during pregnancy?
when i shower i break out in red bumps across my chest abdomen shoulders and back?
my dentist suggested pronamel tooth paste to deal with acid erosion. would crest pro-health also work?
can a hot flash cause loss of consciousness? . peri-menopausal one time only experienced sudden heat throughout whole body lost color in face then passed out.
can u pass a drug test after taking adderall without a perscription by using alka- seltzer?
can i get pregnant if a boy touched his penis and then fingered me and i don't even know if there was pre cum on it? . this boy and i hooked up and he fingered me and i blew him. i'm worried that he might've touched his penis and then fingered me because i am super paranoid that pre cum could have got on his finger. if it did it would be the tiniest bit because i didn't even see him touch it. when he pulled down his pants what if he touched his penis there and got an accidental little touch of pre cum then fingered me? i got my period a week early but it was heavy to fill tampons. is it implantation bleeding?
i took  pregnancies tests at home that were positive. i went to the dr and blood test said not pregnant. i'm confused. my period was  days late but i did get it for  days. could i still be pregnant?
what is a sliding hernia?
i have on going dull knee pains for over two years?
"how long to be trying to get pregnant before consider seeing a fertility doctor. i'm  years old been with my husband  years trying for  months. i'm starting to wonder if there is something more to it; get checked? . also i'm  years. is that considered ""old"" therefore should consider fertility/more specialized doctor anyway?"
male  i had uti last month treated well. i have lost sensation in groin/penis. erection/ejuculate normal. pl advise. i had uti mild and uncomplictaed twice in one year but both time treated completely. second time the uti was mild in symptoms and the only problem was pain during ejuculation. i was treated with antibiotic for  days. after treatment pain disappeared and i felt normal. after one month i am feeling loss of feeling in entire groin. when i pinch skin around i feel less pain. incidently i have started using anti prespirant for last one month. does this possibly cause loss of feeling?
i'm taking valtrex for a cold sore. can i take zyrtec-d alongside with the valtrex?
we haven't had health insurance in  years. once i enroll how soon can i start going to the doctor and getting tests? . i need a mammogram and some other things looked at. since it has been so long and we are  i think i should invest in a platinum plan. do you think i am right?
how should i dispose of materials used to inject intron a?
what is the strongest over the counter medicine for arthiritis? . prescription medicine to treat arthritis has side effects that prevent me from using it such as reduced urination. i am hoping i can find an otc medicine to treat arthritis that won't have as severe side effects.
my father is a lung cancer patient nsclc?
will plastic surgery make my vagina smaller?
gp thinks i have tonsillitis or glandular fever what should i do?
got kicked in my testicle. about an hour ago. left. pain
what is the best way to get rid of odor-causing bacteria on the tongue? do i need a special tongue brush?
doctor prescribed  b-blocker twice a day for a month to control palpitations & bp?
i'm nicole i got my first bartholin cyst in  that was drained the cyst was gone eventually returned. i am  years old i have one child  years old normal delivery. i am at a point where i am tired of this cyst just here i want to evict this cyst so i am considering removing the cyst i live in nyc i have health first insurance please any recommendations where i can go and tips please my expectations etc. my cyst is not currently infected
what exams and tests help doctors to evaluate or test people for postpartum depression?
does having diarrhea one hour after taking a birth control pill affect the pill's effectiveness? . the diarrhea was from something i ate from dinner. it is not chronic or ongoing.
is .  high for a  week old baby? . she has been fussy for  days and normaly never crys.
i have had a multi-level spinal fusion done  months ago is it possible to damage the fusion or is it muscle strain
how important is weight loss to most people?
"my normal body temp is .  i am running .  does this mean i have ""more"" of a fever than ppl w/.  deg normally?"
can raisins cause allergic skin rash. evening after have  small boxes so raisins developed red patchy rash legs some what itchy spreading now to belly. help?
how can i get rid of thick mucus in my sinus passage and back of my throat
can bipolar disorder be inherited?
does prednisone oral have longterm side effects. i took prednisone and methotrexate for  years for a virus.
can using shea butter help to lighten acne scars on your face?
i had an itchy spot on my vagina i grabbed a wipe to clean the area and it bled when i touched it what could this be? . a bit swollen just inside opening blood was a few drips have had itching in this area over past yr it comes and goes dont know cause or pattern not very sexually active. only unprotected sex with father of school age kids tried to visit obgyn when area was itchy with no luck - out of office or long appt i cant locate another obgyn with shorter appt or emergency option. dont want to go when it is not a problem - it may not be noticed. only option is to visit er should i go with long appt or er?
i have been diagnosed with tuberculosis disease but me and my family doubts this diagnosis?
what is hives or urticaria?
was tetanus shot received in  same as tdap given in ? . i wonder if i need another shot since i have a new grandchild.
at my vasectomy appointment the doctor could only locate one vas and said he couldn't do the surgery. is this normal? . last week i went in for a vasectomy. upon physical examination he said he could only feel one vas. he said he couldn't do the procedure in the office and i would need to set up time in the or where i could be put under. he said this would allow him to go in to confirm the absence of the second vas. is this common? should i get a  opinion? if only one is found in the initial exam could the procedure still be done in office (just for the one) and wait for the semen analysis to confirm?
is their an inflamitory drug named torcinal
for the past two months i have been having breast pain?
i have a itchy rash that comes and goes what could be causing this? . the rash appears in different areas of my body for an example a rash showed up on my wrist and stayed a while and went away. later the same day it appeared on my stomach and then on my thighs etc. its itchy while it is present. at one point my hands first turned red and then start to itch really bad to the point i had to wash my hands repeatedly. i work in the medical field so i wash my hands a million times a day. what could be causing this reaction?
i was diagnosed with ngu (non gonoccocal urethritis) medications dont help. can ngu lead to hiv or aids?
can i give my -year-old son zyrtec and motrin at the same time
i live in a hot climate and cannot breathe when doing any exercise outside any more. is this asthma?
how long does it generally take to get over the emotional pain of being cheated on? . just wondering if i have my own internal problems or if they're being brought on by something that is not my fault.
how is priapism treated?
just found out i have hepatitis c?
i have debilitating shoulder pain acupuncture physio and doctors may have caused permanent damage?
what are some ideas for cooking sweet potatoes?
ive been with the same partner for  yrs now and all of a sudden i have a rash on my vagina. what could thiis be? . i dont know what to think. ive been % faithful to my husband of  years. he swears he hasnt cheated on me either. ive had something of a rash on the outside of my vagina for three days now and no clue how it got there or what it is. dont know what i should do. any advice would be helpful thanks! .
my daughter cries after and sometimes while eating?
what are the more severe risks to babies from toxoplasmosis?
what is normal blood pressure mine was / today at the doctor's is this within the normal range for a  year old?
i have congenital diaphragmatic eventration is himalayan trekking advisable?
i was just told to have sex with my wife to clean her uterus. she complained that we didn't have sex and that i didn't want anymore children to the doctor. she has problem with her uterus and the only solution is surgery or to clean her uterus by having sex this is what the doctor told me. the doctor also told me that she had the beginning stages of uterine cancer and that i have to have sex with her so it doesn't spread through out her body is this some kind of joke or is it a fact
if we just missed qualifying for medicaid and our state doesn't expand medicaid can we get a subsidy?
my  /-year-old has strep and is taking amoxicillin. can i give him benadryl to take for itchy feet?
what happens to someone when they get transient ischemic attack tia?
when you go to get on the pill and they ask if you've had sex or not would it matter what your answer was. if i went to the doctors and they asked me if i had sex or not. and i did and i said i didn't because i don't want my mom to know would it affect my birth control? would it still work? because all they check for if you did have sex was if you were pregnant or if you have a std or hiv.
i had a baby who is now  months old and i noticed my right nipple was bleeding and my breast is very sore
my vaginal discharge is yellow without odor or itching. i am virgin and i take yasmin for my pcod. what is my problem? . i am virgin and have not had sexual intercourse yet. my vaginal discharge is yellow most of the time without itching odor or burning. i take yasmin for my pcod. recently an online doctor prescribed me metronidazole  for  days but after  week my menstrual period started and i could not recognize if i became better or not. yesterday it was finished and today i am clean of blood but still my discharge is yellow. has the yellowish discharge any positive correlation with taking yasmin?
are cigar and pipe smoking as risky as smoking cigarettes?
can weight loss cause high blood pressure? . i have lost  lbs through weight watchers. i lost  then joined weight watchers for a total loss of  lbs. . i have high blood pressure for a number of years controlled by medication. diovan  mg once a day. just recently i have noticed my blood pressure going up ex. / normally /. my dr increased the diovan to two tabs a day one am and one pm. this rx is helping somewhat. i am just wondering if significant weight loss can add to the high blood pressure? . thank you . sandra deustachio
a week ago i had a medical abortion two days ago i started having numb legs and arms?
can i have a diet plan to gain my weight? . height :  cm. weight :  kg. i need to gain weight? need some nutritional tips to gain weight?
the question is below. sorry it wouldn't fit. in the question box. i just need help im so worried and confused about it. i think my m vagina is sensitive idk why like every time i masturbate it hurts and burns after. is there something wrong with it.?
if a woman has hidden her emotions in her past can that hinder her from sexual gratifications such as comming? . this person hides themselves from many giving realities in life because they are not willing to face certain challenges in life. this individual is also very selfish. i need ur help with this matter please?
is it safe to have cosmetic surgery while breastfeeding?
what treatment can i expect at the er for my painful erection?
what are the complications of gallstones?
what are viral hemorrhagic fevers?
are we talking about  income or expected  income when buying health insurance?
my two-month-old has a skin rash with peeling and little bumps. what can i do?
if you have had testicular cancer and now only have  testical can you conceive a son and a daughter?
i recently burned my upper thigh really bad. now it's itching. it's keeping me up at night. how can i stop the itching? . i burned my upper thigh with boiling soup. the emergency room said it was almost  degree in some places. it has been  weeks since the incident and now it itches so bad it is driving me crazy. i need to sleep. how can i stop the itching?
what cause you to gain weight when you don't eat?
can i take tylenol pm with tamiflu
will valtrex help with the rash that i broke out with after my son was diagnosed with mononucleosis? if not what will? . i had mononucleosis when i was  i am  now. my son was diagnosed with mononucleosis and then i broke out in a rash on my hands and fore arms. will valtrex help the rash and if not what will. it is very itchy and looks terrible.
my dad has an abnormal ecg?
my boyfriend and i were making out. he had on boxers i had on athletic pants. he ejaculated. could i get pregnant?
 weeks pregnant now have pink discharge?
what is alcohol poisoning?
how much water should i drink each day? does caffeinated tea (not herbal) count towards that amount?
i have lower stomach pain red urine vomiting i have been to the hospital  times they cant get it to stop?
can chronic uti's & stomach cancer be coralted?
im  female and weigh  i want to be . i drink lots of whole milk and upd my calorie intake - per day. its not fast food or junk though i eat meat and vegetables cheerios in the morning pot pie for lunch and go through  gallon of whole milk every - days any other help to gain weight would sure be appreciated
i came down with severe throbbing on my right temple and felt like i was going to faint i got severely sick diarrhea and vomiting with heavy shivering and fever
ive been having some trouble breathing through my nose?
breakout of sores all over the body? what is this? . for the last  years!
what is an aura related to migraines?
my labia minora are swollen with blood. daktarin doesnt work?
what does it mean when a prescription drug does not dissolve but is found whole in the stool?
could my girlfriend be infertile. we have been trying for  months. she believes shes incapable of conceiving. no one in her family is infertile. on average we have vaginal sexual intercourse about - times a week. . the year prior we dated she would use drugs such as marijuana  (pills) cocaine and heroine (never injected). i don't know if she was a heavy or light user. she drinks/smokes at our family/friends gatherings about - beers and cigarettes. i was thinking of using the placebo method. she also has vaginitis.
i have chronic dry nose with tissue inflammation. all allergy tests were negative. what otc products i can use to treat? . it will run from time to time when i eat spicy food. it also tends to feel better when i go for long walks or exercise - after  minutes i'll get a small mucus secretion into my mouth from my nose - and then i'll breathe easier - and my ear canals seems to relax as well when this happens. there's also a good amount of tissue inflammation in the nose (said doctor ~ yrs ago). what i'm really looking for are some otc chemicals i can spray and/or shove up my nose long term with minimal damage.
what is hypertension?
can i use famvir for ear infections?
is tramadol safe to take during pregnancy?
how is schizophrenia treated?
i have hormonal imbalance i was diagnosed when i was a teenager?
my stool is jet black i've had this before how long does it take for the stomach to digest and pass blood from an ulcer. i've got a lengthy history of bleeding gi's which has resulted in multiple hospitalizations for a week or more at a time each time requiring transfusions from anywhere to + and sometimes up to  units of blood. even though i just noticed it i'm already growing weak and getting out of breath for no apparent reason something that never happened this soon before. so i was wondering if i've been bleeding in my stomach for a long time and it's just now being expelled.
irregular period last month it came one week early. period is  late i had sex  days before period no craps preg? . age  . irregular period last month it was one week early. i was due once again on the  of this month i am now  days late and no craps. i had sex  days before the  ( bf ejaculated small amount inside me). i have been on antibiotics late last month early this month i had a cold about a week ago. as per an android app i ovulate around the  i had sex around that time but bf didn't have an orgasm inside me. high or low chance of being pregnant?
i wake up in the middle of the night choking on a liquid what could this be? . i have been diagnosed with acid reflux and was thinking maybe i had fluid on me. when i burp or swallow liquid follows always making me gag or choke. i was wondering what this could be could it be related to my heart?
i had a spider crawl in my ear got out but i was left with an ear infection?
ive been having severe headaches and my mouth feels very dry and bloated tummy?
is it illegal for an employer to no longer provide coverage for their employees' children? . how does the clause allowing young adults to stay on their parent's insurance until age  fit in with all this if they do not purchase their own coverage?
does a family history of breast cancer increase the risk of cervical cancer with hpv pos pap results? . breast cancer is on my moms side (my grandmother and aunt). i have had  abnormal paps with coloscopies but they've been  years apart. the most recent one i've had a coloscopy with biopsies done. . i'm young- mid twenties and have  children.
can herpes be contracted from being in a hot tub or pool? i take my meds but don't want to infect my friends!
do the health insurance exchange plans offer dental for adults or only children?
how can type  diabetes be prevented?
my right hand and foot have been numb i cant move and its painful?
i have a dull pain in my right lower abdomen and groin. it hurts when i sneeze. how can i tell hernia vs muscle strain? . the pain was mild. i would feel it sometimes when i would start jogging but it would go away. it started hurting worse two nights ago after my hockey game. i am  and am active playing hockey basketball and running. i think i have swelling not a bulge but it seems to be gone in the morning. the swelling and pain increase as the day progresses.
what are some tips for getting started exercising if i am depressed?
i found a little bit of blood in my stool. could i have colorectal cancer?
what fruit are okay for inflammed stomach. my stomach is inflamed and i like to know if any what fruit are okay to eat? i should be on a bland diet.
i have postpartum depression/psychosis is this a hormonal imbalance i can cure?
what are the symptoms of osteoarthritis?
can cocoa butter on skin raise cholesterol
i have man boobs do i need surgery or is there a drug that can help?
does a laboratory sponsored drug test show gender male v. female?
i am taking loloestrinfe and accidentally took two last night instead of one. any concerns? . should i continue as i normally do tonight with the next pill?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of amoxicil-clarithromy-lansopraz?
having trouble swallowing diagnosed oral thrush taking nystatin?
my knee locked really bad where i couldnt unlock it without horrible pain or force?
is it harmful to drink alcoholic beverages while taking prednisone?
i'm  weeks pregnant and was using boric acid to kill roaches. it was in contact with my hands. did i hurt may baby? . i was using the boric acid powder to make the bait for the roaches hence my hands were exposed to the powder. i did not inhale or swallowed the boric acid. i washed my hands with vinegar after using the powder. could boric acid get to my blood stream? did i hurt my baby by doing that? is external use of boric acid harmful to the baby?
prostate cancer: how much does increasing age (from  to ) and new bph add to psa number of previously diagnosed pca? . psa increaed over past year from psa= to psa=.
is there a nonprescription dieretic? diurex does not work for me. over the counter is my only option.
i take melatonin supplements become disoriented urinate everywhere how to prevent this?
newer cold and flu remedies for infants?
why is my vagina opening grey? . i'm  and these last  days i've had a awful internal itch inside of my vagina. i've been bleeding a brown coloured blood ( that is dry looking) even though i'm on the pill (for my acne and periods) and i have another week and a half left before my  day free week. i'm not a virgin and haven't had sex since june. i took a look at it and the opening were the penis would go it was grey it had little bumps around it. with this brown blood substance sticking to it.
i have severe constipation. i went to the hospital but no bowel movements since?
how can we stop my son from grinding his teeth?
"does smoking meth prevent antibiotics from working. hi. i recently have been diagnosed with an std called ""trich"". i was prescribed tindamax in  pills i took at one time. went back to doctor for follow up and i havent had sex no reused any needles to inject drugs with either and i still have trich. so my gynecologist prescribed me a generic antibotic called metronidazole  mg. its a  day long treatment  pills a day with food. . my question is why didnt the tindamax work?"
is type  diabetes % preventable. if not what is the percentage of likely prevention
my  year old vomited once and has a fever. the fever was really high for a day but is down to  now. . she has been fussy but acts normal other than being a little clingly and eating less. she has not vomitted again. does she have an infection of some sort?
my  yrs old son has a lump on left breast near the nipple area and it is causing a lot of pain what should i did
"thc drugtest overweight. my husband is ""  he smoked weed heavily. my husband has not smoked in  days how lond will this last? is it common? what can he do to remove it faster."
do people with diabetes have an increased chance of developing heart disease?
why do i feel weak while sitting and working?
can i take ibuprofen while im taking naproxen?
i feel numbness in my legs legs are cold or hot numbness in my left cheek can hardly move fingers?
had ruptured brain aneurysm now dizzy loss of balance split vision both eyes seeing separately?
i have no fever but my skin feels hot. what does that mean? . this usally happens mid day and what happens is the core of my body gets hot. my skin is hot to the touch and i feel as though the sun is shining from the inside of my body outwards. it is very frusterating because no matter if i turn the ac on or run ice over my skin in a few minutes the same inner hot feeling comes back.
my female grandchild's clitoris is very elongated (almost like a tiny penis) how should it be corrected? . she is  years old and has become (as a result of classmate's teasing) very aware of this abnormality.
does mirena iud cause weight gain if a period has not been had for  and only had iud for ? . no period for  out of  of having iud. a lot of weight gain with no changes to diet or exercise. bloating in stomach and cyst increase.
are my wife and i considered a family when buying health insurance or do we have to have kids for this category?
bladder neck incision  i still get bleeding and blood clots
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of cholecalciferol (vitamin )?
 yrs smoke free before smokin.  months free again before having  joint  weeks ago. piss test free? . male  yrs.  lbs ''
is it better to drink something cold or hot i. e. water or tea for weight loss? . i have started trying to drink water instead of sodas for weight loss. having had a bad experience where i drank too much water and got sick i have been starting off with  oz of ice cold water a day. a friend of mine said the water should be either room temp or hot in order to lose weight. she said cold water will congeal the fat in my system. is this correct?
can a  year old still have there temp checked rectaly? can they also have a high temp of .  rectaly while teething?
my son fell and one of his permanent front teeth fell out. the tooth was put back in its socket. what can we expect?
what is congestive heart failure?
what medications and treatments are available to treat influenza?
peroid is  days late had sex day before my period was going to start will i start if i'm pregnant? . i am having whitish discharge today.
will exercise or diet help me in normal delivery?
i suspect i have an stis (sexually transmitted infection) i have flesh-colored bump on the right side of my vulva near my vagina
what is the treatment for a fracture of the lumbar vertibrae
how is a cataract treated?
can the colon cause panic attacks and severe anxiety?
when i stretch my legs or my uper body i get severe pain like charlie horses i cant stretch at all due  pain back/legs. i have been diagnosed with lupus and arthritis i had  neck surgeries and both shoulders cleaned out with a tear in my left. the neurologist that done my neck surgery said my spine is a complete mess he perform a full mri of my spine and i have some damage at all levels
are there any nutrients or foods i should be sure to eat as a runner?
im  years old and have left bundle branch block am i higher risk for heart disease? . i also have ibs and neck and back problems does this affect my heart
can taking multiple antibiotics cause redness and dryness of vagina?
acne since  years old and needing urgent assistens! . hello i have cystic acne and i've been trying to make my face as acne free as possible also get rid of the after scars of cystic acne. i've used antibiotics for  months and stop at the end of december last year. . while i have been using the antibiotics i had no visual appears of acne on my face then after about  weeks of not using the antibiotics the acne started again. could you help me with my problem? . i have also been using some topical creams and also an antibiotic roll on for my face.
should i get a flu shot while taking relenza?
had a transvaginal ultrasound done dont see fetal pole is it normal?
my girlfriend has genital herpes but i love her to pieces for who she is. should i stop dating her because of this? . my girlfriend of  months recently told me that she has genital herpes. i didn't react badly i tried to support her and tell her that i won't cut her out of my life because of it however i'm stuck on what i should now do. i love her to pieces for who she is not what she has. i want to be able to be with her but i've been worrying a lot about how much we can do with one another before risk of catching it comes in. i have no intentions of catching it but i have every intention being with her.
does alcoholism have an effect on congestive heart failure? my husband drinks  beers a day and is very bloated.
my mother is type ii diabetic woke up with marks under her right breast?
condom break during sex. my boyfriend and i were having sex but i could feel that i was not wet enough so i told him to stop but right when i did i felt the condom break and he pulled out immediately he did not ejaculate at all within the time we had sex and we both felt for pre cum after he pulled out and neither one of us felt anything it all happened so fast that we were able to react quickly i have a regular cycle and my last period was  days ago what is the likelihood of being pregnant? i'm nervous.
i have anxiety disorder and was prescribed with  lorazapam. but this dosage gives poor response. is it safe to take one more tablet?
i have or think i have genital warts human papillomavirus when should i contact my doctor?
what is the recommended dose of folic acid while planning for pregnancy?
what can i do for my baby's fever?
will my partner have major health problems because of genital herpes?
can lice treatment be used again for a second day in a row?
i am  and had shingles last year. are there different strains of the vaccine?
can a person with labyrinthitis wear hearing aids? . the hearing aids seem to cause me more vertigo and sounds in my ears when i remove them. i can not seem to hear clearly with them. i spent $ for the hearing aids and now i feel they are not working. i am  but in relatively good health. i have had labyrinthitis most of my adult life. the hearing is getting worse as i age.
can excessive masturbation cause nervousness
early period headache naseuous tired bloated but no other problems. i am worried i might be pregnant. i have had just those symptoms but nothing else.
i had an ectopic pregnancy and my right fallopian tube was removed since then i have ovary pain?
i had my appendix removed about nine years ago ive been having pains every since?
why does a stye cause the part under my eye to be so puffy? . about  days ago i woke up with the under part of my eye puffy. after looking into my bottom eyelid i discovered a small white bump. we've been treating it with warm compresses several times a day & washing my face and eye lid with baby shampoo. the white spot on my eyelid seems to be getting better but the puffiness under my eye is not (it's where bags would be but it's only on the side with the stye). why is it so puffy do i need to go to the doctor for an antibiotic?
what is the safes way to clean your kids ears out with out them getting scared or freaking out
experiencing bad chest pains after using monistat is this normal?
i get bumpy skin on the back of my arms. i have tried microdermabrasion scrubs but they don't wok. what can i do?
can you out grow eczema? and can it resurface?
are lipotropic b - injections safe for weight loss?
can you get dental implants if you grind your teeth?
can chiropractic care reverse osteoporosis or scoliosis?
emphysema heart rate of  and fluctating blood preassure. is she in immediate danger? . she smokes and drinks several glasses of wine per day. she can't see a new dr till feb
if  year old gets monthly dementia for a few days to a week then total exhaustion for a day then coherent why? . each month fro almost a year  year old female gets dementia(see's people from her past prays sees random children and strangers animals) for about a week then has a day of total exhaustion barely enough energy to eat sleeps most of the day. after that she is back to clear-mindedness. she is insulin-dependent in wheel chair on low dose of morphine for back pain chronic constipation. just would like to understand what type of dementia this is.
i have  herniation with new onset difficutly urinating and weak stream& retention also constipation. should i call dr. i have a probably  disc herniation that i was diagnosed with recently and referred to pt for pain. this week however i have noticed that i have trouble with urination including difficulty starting a stream weak stream and feeling as if i am not emptying my bladder. i also have noticed constipation. i am typically regular at least once daily however i am currently once in  days. no diet or daily exercise changes. i consume plenty of fluids and fiber and am quite active.
i am uncircumcised and due to frequent masturbation i have chronic pain burning tingling in the forsksin area. . these symptons have lasted for over  years and i have even tried to stop for  weeks and the pain came right back once i had any sexual activity! is this a permanent condition?
why do my nipples hurt?
did i get someone pregnant cause of possible sperm on the loofa? . after masturbation i went to shower to clean sperm off of leg n crotch w/ loofa. . can cleaning sperm with a loofa with. soap-free body wash. (aveeno - i heard soap-free cannot kill semen/sperm) and moderately warm water ever pregnant the next person that uses it ( mins after)? i've been super paranoid that there could be remaining semen/sperm on the loofa that would pregnant one of my family members.
i am  and have sensitive acne-prone skin. i break out when i use sunscreen - even in a moisturizer. any suggestions?
what foods are safe to consume with celiac disease?
head spasm followed by headache and blurring of vision?
why is it so important to find a specialist for my cosmetic procedure?
i have been diagnosed with low risk prostate cancer. my symptoms have changed. what are your recommendations? . i was diagnosed in early april and put on active surveillance. i was given a prescription for finasteride for bph. i have been taking it for  / weeks. two weeks in i began having burning during urination and ejaculation which i did not have before. i don't know if the cancer is progressing or if the finasteride is highlighting the symptoms.
is avinza a narcotic medication?
can toenail fungus cause fatigue and dizziness? . i have been extremely fatigued and get dizzy a lot any can not figure out what is causing it. i have been to the dr a few times for it and had blood work done ( thyroid iron cbc  cmp ) and everything has come back normal. i feel like a zombie. i get plenty of sleep most nights  hrs. i have had a fungus or something on my left big toenail for a couple yrs and i'm wondering if that could be causing me to feel like crap.
no period symptoms but negative results? . my most fertile days were charted as oct  thru the . i had sex on the   and . my period was to be expected on the  of november here we are on the  and still i haven't had any period symptoms. i took two home pregnancy test one before my missed period and one after they both were negative. is there a chance i could still be pregnant? is there any chance my hcg is still low? i'm confused and frustrated i need to know.
ive been diagnosed with a uti and have antibiotics that arent doing anything?
if i tested positive for hpv will my partner automatically get the virus?
have pain that comess and goes right under my ribcage on the right side kinda like heart burn but wrong place any ideas? . its on the right side under my chest/ ribcage and almost debilitating at times started  days ago. i dont drink to much i guess i could say and ive tried antacids and alka seltzer with no luck.
can a person die from blacking out while going to the toilet number two? . i black out every time i use the toilet for any major or semi major pooping. i know it is disgusting to talk about but i do i pass out. or everything goes black for a bit. what causes this? and is it gonna do permanent damage?
i have a medical problem. its symptoms matches like of hernia appendicts varacocele. after this disease i am facing ed. i am feeling discomfort sometimes a worm like structure in the scrotum. pressing it it goes back but within seconds it swells again. due to it i am facing ed as well may be as a result of this. i was sexually active before this condition but now i am not. my stomach also feel like burning sensation and indigestive feeling and frustration due to it.
my  year old is suffering from amoebiasis looking for better treatment?
i have three stents. should i see my doctor about discomfort in my chest?
are there risks involved with non-spinal injections of the fungus-contaminated steroid causing the meningitis outbreak? . i can't find any information about the possibility or risk of getting sick via a. non-spinal steroid injection. of the fungus-contaminated steroid medication that is causing the meningitis outbreak. . i need to get a steroid shot for a non-specific rash. they usually give it to me in the muscle of by butt. . can i get sick with meningitis or anything else if i am given the contaminated steroid in this manner? .
can prostatitis cause redness on the tip of the penis? . experiencing pain/soreness and sensitivity on penis head also redness sometimes. i have been told it may be prostatitis but i am beginning to worry it is something worse (herpes? ). gonnohrea and chlamydia tests negative. has not responded to cipro after  weeks of treatment.
can gas cause chest pain?
how can i avoid getting sick on vacation?
can migraines be seasonal. i'm  & for  octobers in a row i've had migraines. they come  a week or so then go away. they are so bad that i've to go see my doc for a shot. in addition my daughter who is now  has been having migraines for about  years and i noticed that they seem to be more predominate in the fall. if this is the case what can we do help prevent. this seasonal theory just came to me yesterday when i was at the doc's getting a shot and i asked when my last one was oct  and yesterday was oct .
i am facing breathing difficulties for last  year my doctors cant identify problem?
but wouldnt i be more than  weeks pregnant if it was the new guy i had sex with at the end of march? im  weeks
can epidural cause persistent back pain. i've never had any back pain until i had my children and received an epidural injection and now if i sit or stand to long or fold laundry my shoulders and back hurt. they hurt worse when cleaning up such as washing dishes mopping sweeping etc. i have worked out before and it didn't hurt til finished. it feels as if it is stiff and needs to be popped/stretched out dr says just take tylenol but nothing seems to really help.
is it better to apply heat or cold to sore muscles after stenuous exercise?
does sugar feed cancer?
skin rash on arms and belly also have a single red bump on penis shaft. possibly eczema? . so ive had a skin rash that randomly comes and goes these past few weeks its annoying me so much that i will be seeking medical attention. i am however on vacation and wont be back for another week. can anyone help me identify the problem? i can provide pics as well. . the rash shows up randomly on different parts of my body. they also disapate after  or so. . also have a single red bump on penis which is shrinking in size and almost gone possible herpes? im really unsure and worried.
will a psychiatrist see me if i'm not taking any anti-depressant drugs?
age limit for colonoscopy test? . necessity for  year old woman to have test?
what heart failure symptoms warrant a call to my doctor?
can sneezing cause broken blood vessels around eyes
can cigarette residue on fingers or mouth cause vaginal bacterial or yeast infection through oral or digital sex?
my wife is taking effexor xr  mg. is there a lower dosage available?
do some medications cause increased bruising?
how should i treat cold or flu symptoms during pregnancy?
on the pill. brown discharge cramping sore breasts and bloating. has anyone had this before? . i have been on the pill for about a month. i started the sugar pills on the  sept and have been on the yellow pills for a full week now. i have taken the pills at the same time everyday. i woke up yesterday  oct and i had really bad cramping and sore breasts and a brown discharge. i vomited and had a headache later in the afternoon. this morning i woke up my belly was bloated and sore and still having cramping and small discharge on toilet paper. i'm sexually active could i be pregnant?
the veneers on my two front teeth keep coming off. why is this happening?
"can you get pregnant without having sex? . my liltte cousins swears up and down that she didnt not have sex they were just ""messing"" around. but yet she became pregnant and has now had the baby. but she is still insisting that she and the boyfriend did not phyiscal have intercourse. can you talk about this please so i can tell her she is not fooling anyone!"
i had a reaction to one of the lipsticks i was using. my lips are very sore and have a burning sensation. what to use. i had some kind of reaction on my lips to one of the glosses or lipsticks i was using. my lips are very sore and when i try to apply lipstick they really burn. i think they are irritated. what can i use on them so they will get better. i keep using the medex for lips which usually helps but am having a hard time getting them cleared up. help i am desperate. hate going without lipstick.
am i pregnant. i had unprotected sex  days ago. changed birthcontrol a month ago. today i noticed a bloody discharge. am i pregnant when i don't start my period till next week
besides medication are there better ways to help with hypothyroidism? . i have trouble with not being able to lose weight. having no energy. being depressed. being tired all the time. body aches. they are continuously changing my medication dosage but i see and feel no change.
i have a cerbaseous cyst on my back that has developed an infection?
what activities should i not do while pregnant?
cure for palm hyperhydrosis. my daughter has excessive sweating on her hands dripping in fact. she has tried some topical things but it did not work on her hands. other than surgery what can she do about it. she also takes meds. for anxiety issues.
colonoscopy tomorrow but started my menstrual cycle can i still have the test?
how can you tell when athlete's foot is healing and the over-the-counter products are working? . i am wondering about how athlete's foot begins to look/feel when it's healing.
i have a white pus coming out of the tip of my penis?
my  year old boy is affraid of almost every thing what to do? . my boy is affraid of noises he is scared of his toys that he was used to play with from a hair dryer a grinder fire truck;s siren.
how effective are male condoms at birth control?
having constant feeling like there is food in my throat heartburn gotten worse and i have thownup. hiatal hernia?
why shouldnt i shop for the best price for my face lift or my nose job?
when should i get out of bed to encourage better sleeping?
on birth control fe / at the start of a new pack day  get irritable nauseous and exhausted. age   toddlers. not interested in an iud or patch. just looking for something to help with this and borderline irrational emotions  days before scheduled placebo pills.
how should you add organic ground flaxseed to your diet? . one week my question is how to add organic ground flaxseed to my breakfast to. reduce:. bloating. gas. bowel movement smears
what are the advantages and limitations of mammography?
i woke up to numbness and tingles from the waist down its been almost a week now?
how does sperm die? . my friend and i where touching each other but i only touched him for about  and when i pulled out my hand it was moist but not wet.  ming later i was homei forgot to wash my hands but i had to shower and when i got in the water was hitting my hand. i did not rub my hands together or got any soap on them i started touching myself with the same hand.  later i got my period like i would normally. so i am scared i could be pregnant. also i touched a lot of objects such as keys and handles
can anxiety cause inability to urinate. i am unable to urinate on demand for example for a random drug test.
when is it safe to have sex after having a stillbirth? . my husband and i want to be make love but the discharge papers nothing for -  weeks. would it be safe to use condoms? my horomones are all over the place. and when would it be safe to try again for aanother baby?
what is acquired immune deficiency syndrome (aids)?
does metformin cause low libido in men. i am currently taking  mgm of metformin twice a day for border line diabetes type . in addition i take lipitor  gms at night plus .  gms of altace( ramipril). . i have very low desire for sex. i am  years old and had a triple coronary by pass about  years ago. i am still physically active and exercise  mins on an elliptical  times a week. are the medications i am taking the cause of low libido.
what can i do to have glowing pinkish skin not dry dull skin?
why is my penis head sensitive. hi . i am a  year old boy. i am not circumcised and my penis head is very sensitive and it bothers me when i clean it. it has been like this my wholer life as i remember and i would like to know if there is any solution. can i do something about it? do i just wait? must i go to the doctor? please help
what reactions are likely after an immunization?
my father has been diagnosed with brain tumor – requires surgery medication or other treatment?
i have been on my menstrual cycle for over a month now found out i am pregnant?
peculiar rash on the underside of my penis. i already went to the doctor and tested negative for gonorrhea and chlamydia. i have no idea what this is. the dots popped up a week after my doctors visit. i'm scared what is this? . <link>
dry blood in ear after cleaning it
i just recently got a new tattoo on the back of my neck. right away i had this bump that was small in my tattoo. now its a month later and the hard bump is getting bigger and almost painful to touch it. theres no fluid or anything coming out. i am nervous what do i do?
what does it mean when a urine dip stick test shows the highest specific gravity result? . all other results negative was done in am but was the third time person had urinated since getting out of bed. they had a small glass of water for breakfast and a  oz. cup of coffee before this urine sample was obtained. dip stick was done right after urination. thanks j
what's involved with rehabilitation after treatment for brain tumors?
what skin products can i use to get rid of the brown patches on my cheeks (pregnancy mask)?
what is repetitive behavior in people with dementia?
is scabies a form of sexually transmitted disease? . i've read that scabies is a new form of a sexually transmitted disease but read in other places that it's not. can you assist me in this question.
will running help me lose weight?
after my boyfriend masterbated last time he had a bright red discharge that he said was painful what would cause this?
a few months ago i started to noticed that my eyes was starting to get puffy?
during last pap dr wasnt able to see much cervix d/t position. now need an endometrial biopsy. how will it be done. i had an ultrasound done after pap which revealed a thick lining. my cervix is located up behind my pelvic bone. how can a biopsy be done if my dr was not previously able to view the cervix?
i have a heart murmur and was told that pre-medication is no longer necessary before dental treatment. is this true?
is it possible to be asymtomatic to multiple std's? . i was recently diagnosed with hsv- and clamydia during a semi-routine std screening. to this day i still have not seen an outbreak from the hsv- and never noticed any abnormalities associated with the clamydia. is it possible to be asymptomatic for both of these std's?
i had wrist surgery it was the biggest mistake of my life?
which pilates exercises are good for someone with parkinson's disease?
hit my head mri indicates white matter hyperintensities?
can i get pregnant following a miscarriage?
i went for an x-ray and found out i have a faecal overload?
what the easiest way to cook squash?
who is at risk for osteoporosis?
i think i have frenulum breve and my foreskin won't pull back. can i get circumcised without telling family? i'm . i can only pull my foreskin back when flaccid for a very short period of time. i've tried some stretching to no avail so now i'm thinking circumcision. personally i would like to be circumcised anyways but i think my frenulum is too short for me to be able to roll it back. can i get the procedure done without talking to any family about it? i've never discussed sexual topics with my parents so i feel like to try and bring it up would be completely awkward. any help would be appreciated!
 inch section of fibula broken and detatched completely. doctor says it doesn't need repaired. is this true?
what is iron-deficiency anemia?
how does parkinson's disease affect longevity and mental clarity?
i am  yo last  weeks i have been feeling sick lips go numb and i feel dizzy sugar level is -. should i worry?
recently developed some breathing issues and have a soreness of lungsany possibilities. have had sinus infection recently but got over that but about  weeks later started having trouble breathing. no cough no injuries
i have had a chronic cough for several months. im taking an otc antihistamine but it's not working. what next?
i have itching and discomfort around the anal opening. i don't have hemroids. i can't seem to rid of the problem?
me and my ex boyfriend now have the herpes virus should we still use a condom if we have sex with each other? . we have been having sex and not using a condom since we both have herpes. i'v had it for quite some time and he just got exposed. need answer dont want to make matters any worse.
i had sex  yrs ago before my wife. is there chance of getting gonorea from that girl as i'm having the symptoms now.
what guidelines are there for women who are planning or have had mesh surgery for prolapse?
pregnancy complications after bj. in the morning my girlfriend actually wanked me out and i ejaculated in tissues. throughout the whole day i urinated for only once and after that at night she started giving me a bj(without ejaculation but i supposed with some pre cum) then we actually french kissed and i started licking her private part. . this was our first time doing and she and i are actually virgin. can i know whats the likelihood of her being pregnant? i am really stressed out as i am afraid that she will be pregnant.
cancer back in  are laboratory results worrisome?
what allergy medications are safe to use during pregnancy?
depression. i hav depression and it has gotten worse since my sister died. a couple of days ago i put the bins out locked d side doors and wen back inside to wash my hands. from there i cant remember drying my hands and only remember watching tv after. i have no idea where i went as my coat smokes and keys are gone! i guess i went outside a put them sumwere as dey are not in d house. i have no other symptoms of pain nausea or dizzyness. went the doctor and dey just sent me for blood test but is dat enough?
will a drug screen tell the difference between xanax and klonopin? . meaning i know they are two different drugs but they are both benzo's but in a doctors office will it show the difference in them? the problem is im going threw pain management and im on klonopin an lortab for the time being but someone that lives in the house i stay at stole my script of klonopin so i found a old  xanax that i was prescribed about a year ago and took it for my anxitiy
"i had sudden  min extreme blurred vision after being out in the cold for  min and fasting  h. likely ive diabetes? .  y m ? lb (up  from last sun .  from  wks before then) '. "". dad's type  diabetic."
ive been diagnosed with social anxiety disorder nausea vomiting diarrhea insomnia staying asleep headaches very stiff/rigid muscles
i keep waking up with violent coughing but feel fine and don't cough during the day. should i go to the doctor? . i had a cold for a long time nearly a month before i started to finally feel better. now i feel fine during the day but when i go to bed i wake up with violent coughing. my nose isn't running but i do have some mucus at the back of my throat throughout the day. i seem to sleep better when i'm in a more upright position
my lower right side of abdomen has been hurting. can it be my ovary? . i have been to the er and urgent care thinking it was my appendix. they has told me that it might be my ovaries but didn't check them. the pain comes and goes but it hurts the most when i am sitting down. can it be my ovaries? does having cyst in the ovaries cause a female not to get a menstrual cycle? i have also been trying to get pregnant and no luck. <negative_smiley>
does acne itch?
can i have pineapple to cure acid reflux?
has gallbladder removed er surgery for herniated and obstructed intestine and a gastric bypass hands now blue?
is it possible to be pregnant and my hormones are to low to register on a pregnancy test. and i haven't had a period since aug 
can you safely take mobic for arthritis pain if you are taking cymbalta and verapamil?
does the flu shot cause narcolepsy. i have been just informed that i have narcolepsy i have been reading online that the flu shot has caused narcolepsy in children. back in  i was in the services and had to have a flu shot. could this have caused me to develop narcolepsy? i have never had a flu shot til i was in the service. the doctor told me that i have had this for several years and that it has begun to get worse. i will be  in may.
what is rheumatic heart disease?
should a  month old baby get the antitoxin to botulism after injesting honey?
is infertility just a woman's problem?
i have a rib insertion/vertebra problem that give me so much pain?
how can i improve my denture bite?
my son age  years shows unexpected occasional shivering?
 yr old child is taking amoxicillian and motrin. she has poison ivy and was given ointment. can i give her benadryl too? . she had a cut on her arm that came into contact with poison ivy. her arm has become infected from it and the poison ivy spread through her bloodstream and now is all over her body. i took her to urgent care and she was given amoxicillian for the infection and steroid cream for the rash. i was given the ok to give her motrin to help. the swelling and irritation is still there and was wondering if i could give her some benadryl too?
i've been having a pain in my chest it comes and goes. should i be concerned? . i have had the pain off and on for a few hours. it feels like a stabbing pain that last a few minuets then goes away. what could cause this?
is there any herbs or meds that could be given to a breastfeeding mom to reduce gas in a baby?
why have i had diarrhea for the past  months? . i went from eating  meals daily to not being so consistent but i started being inconsistent before august so i don't understand why this is happening. sometimes my poop isn't too soft but most of the time it is almost straight liquid. i don't feel sick or abnormal sometimes my stomach hurts and i have to hurry and find a bathroom because it's hard to hold. i am only 
can my wife use serrax-d while breastfeeding?
"why can't i lose weight? . i am a  year old female and in the ""overweight"" category for my bmi. i have been working with a trainer and on a strict nutrition plan since june. now four months later i have yet to lose  lb! my trainer and i are perplexed! i am so frustrated! my gp thought it would be a good idea to check my thyroid electrolytes and cholesterol and everything came back totally normal. why can't i lose weight? is there something else that could be wrong with me?"
i have a hiatal hernia though i had hernia surgery  weeks ago. how could this be? . my acid reflux is extreme since having the hernia surgery. i am very uncomfortable after i eat.
when i swallow i sometimes get crackling in my ear. is this an ear infection or just wax please
how can i help my  year old son to want a sibling in one year or more to come. he just wants mom&dad no siblings. i plan to have my second child when my son is  and a half. he is  years old now and i started talking about it to him to get him ready for that but he would say i don't want a sibling i just want you and dad. how can i make my son interested in it so that he won't be aggressive to new baby when it comes to family? we don't see new born babies around us in our relatives or friends to get him interested in the subject so i need to know how to help it. thank you so much.
i have lower back dull pain on right side of spine close to -?
what can i do to ease gastroenteritis stomach pain? . the pain in my stomach is so severe that the only relief i can get is sitting or laying down. when i am standing the pain comes back. will caffiene cause the pain or cause it to become more severe? what foods/drinks should i stay away from. i have been to the doctor several times for this and they always just tell me to go on a clear liquid diet until the symptoms go away. is there anything else they can do for me?
i have been perscibed xanax to . . as needed. i took one lastnight. how long will it take to be out of my system.
i have no fever but my skin feels hot. what does that mean? . this usally happens mid day and what happens is the core of my body gets hot. my skin is hot to the touch and i feel as though the sun is shining from the inside of my body outwards. it is very frusterating because no matter if i turn the ac on or run ice over my skin in a few minutes the same inner hot feeling comes back.
high thyroid level is surgery or nuclear medicine better?
i have anxiety i was put on welbutrin. last night was so bad felt i was suffocating i couldn't get enough air normal? . my hands and feet get numb - i get light headed and feel like i can't get enough air in my lungs. been on welbutrin  month.
how can i prevent whooping cough?
plan b and starting birth control. so i have been off of my birth control for a month or so now because of health complications. i was planning on starting it after my next period as my doctor wished. last night the condom broke. i'm planning on taking plan b very soon. i know plan b can make your periods start early. is it still okay to start bc with a period that's not exactly normal?
what would cause fever with chills every  hours. also swollen neck lymph node. ongoing for  months.
what is healthier: water or juice
im  and have noticed that the space between my two front teeth is getting wider. is this a result of bone loss? . my dentist said that the tooth next to one of my front teeth is pushing it and that my front teeth are shifting. he suggested i see an orthodontist and look into getting braces. are braces the answer for me as a  year-old?
i had a ct scan i have gallstones my gastroenterologist is acting like im terminal?
how long does it take to develop an ear infection? . my daughter had a cold. if she had her ears checked and they were fine but  days later she is tugging on her ear saying it hurts could she have developed an ear infection?
my mother is in extreme pain for a detached rotator cuff but suffers from heart problems and taking medication?
can you get shingles only in the pubic area?
"could my child have gotten type  diabetes because of something i did wrong or because of me somehow? . i was recently accused of giving my daughter a ""terminal disease"" because she is a type  diabetic. is there any way i could have been responsible for her having diabetes?"
i was diagnosed with chronic anxiety and have had transient anxiety attacks?
ive had excessive burps for  days?
why can we swallow fluoride in our drinking water but not in toothpaste?
what are your best anti-wrinkle tips you could give a teenager?
i have fracture in  metatarsal bone in my right foot. do i need to go for surgery?
when a woman is pregnant for  months does she save  eggs for  future ovulations?
on oct  i had some dark discharge then a somewhat normal period. last night i started bleeding again. why would it b
no period after using depo should i be concerned? . got my first depo shot on november  . my last shot was july  or  . and i bled that whole time i was on the shot and after i stopped getting the shot i haven't had a period since.
i have a strange medical problem feel weak fatigued dizzy chilled and cloudy headed terrible skin sores?
i have relatively high fever with cough and rash in throat?
how much risk is there for sucking a man's penis (not knowing his sexual history) with respect to aids/hiv? . i want so much to suck on other guys' penises through their ejaculation. i feel compelled to do it. . what is the hiv danger from doing so? herpes? other diseases? . . thank you!
which adults should not get the flu vaccine?
my friend is  and was diagnosed in dec with advanced liver cirrhosis. has been drained . what is his life expectancy? . please help me determine his life expectancy as i live far away and need to visit him
what are electronic cigarettes and are they safe to aid in quitting smoking?
penis head irritated. my penis has suddenly become irritated there are cracked lines going down the head of my penis. the skin used to be smooth and now it hurts to the touch its been like this for three weeks with no improvement i have not masturbate or had sex at all during this three weeks. i was thinking that i t could be due to the friction during sex but three weeks seems to be way too long for the skin to not show any improvement at all. please help me.
the health insurance company website i now use has a provider list for  not for . my provider who accepts a ppo from bcbstx will not accept a marketplace ppo from the same company. what should i do?
can i carry the whooping cough bacteria without knowing it?
i have red spots on my penis one scab i have been tested for stds it came back negative i need a answer please
my son is  weeks old and has had mucus green diarrhea almost  weeks?
will accutane help in acne breakout?
every time i cough or sneeze i pass blood clots also through vaginal discharge and during intercourse?
how common is atopic dermatitis?
does using an elliptical machine at the gym burn more calories than running on the street or bike riding?
today i woke up and my left ear is numb?
is pneumonia contagious while on medication? . my  yr old granddaughter has walking pneumonia and is on meds for it. she wants to visit my  yr old father. is she still contagious?
been having chest pains for quite some time now?
i have no uterus but do have one ovary. how can the eggs i do have be retrieved?
i was depressed in  until i hear voices after a year and was diagnose with psycosis. i have been hearing voices for years but as years passes by i am becoming more confused if this was schizophrenia or is it clairvoyance or a combination. how can i identify and train myself to handle these voices.
how does botox help migraine headaches?
is it possible to have a broken bone in my foot and still be able to walk? . i hit my  toe on the shower ledge severely  months ago. the area under the toenail became black and eventually the nail came off. at the time i had pain but no noticeable swelling or discoloring. there is still pain when i walk which worsens depending on the shoes i am wearing. at times the pain is enough to cause a limp but i have not let it stop me from doing my work. could the pain be simply a lingering result of the stubbed toe? or is it possible i broke a bone when i hit the toe.
ive started suffering burning muscle pain and achy joint pain ive been fatigued experienced brain fog?
can you transmit ebola if you have a temperature but no other symptoms. how long after you have a temperature does it take for you to become contagious? can ebola simply be transmitted through sweat sneezing?
why would a rash on my leg be warmer than the rest of my leg?
tywhat do i do if pharmacist gave me wrong pills and wont exchange them for my pills. i contacted them they said they dont have that kind of pill lies what can i do
husband has no resopnse to visual sexual stimulation. nothing short of touching will gain an erection! help! . never has had a morning erection! erections have never been rock hard either & now that he has turned  we have had the required tests done found nothing physically wrong. he is on.  zestril for blood pressure that's it! we have been married almost  years & up until recently i was mostly the initiator of sex. i grew tired i felt that i was making him do it! he is never turned on by me being naked or wearing lingerie. i am clueless!
my son has recently developed droopy eyelids and occassional slurred speech. i am concerned. what may be the problem? . he is age . a psychiatrist has prescribed adderall and zoloft along with ambien over the past months. his only official diagnosis is the hyperactive type of adhd. i am very concerned about a possible drug interaction or brain tumor.
can you swim if you have shingles?
will my ears ever stop ringing? . i am a  year old guy who went to a rock concert last week and my ears have been ringing since. i was exposed to the music for about  hours and now the ringing will not stop. i notice that my ears pop from time to time but i'm really worried that i'll have to face this for the rest of my life. i went to see my doctor and he assured me that the ringing would stop i just had to wait but how long must i wait and will the ringing actually stop? i need help dealing with this.
is it possible for the female to test positive for clamyida and her partner tests negative?
is the reason why i can't lose weight and keep it off because of my family history of obesity? . i am a  year old female i have  child who is  months old. at one point after my child was born i was exercising  times a day and on a strict diet plan for  months. i only lost  during this time. after that  months i was only able to work out once a day and still on the same diet i gained half the weight back. my family is anywhere between  and  please help before it gets worse i currently weigh .
is osteoarthritis a part of aging and is there a way to reduce risks even after age ?
my wife is  years old. her last period started --. has had multiple pt's all neg. no symptoms. could she be preg. my wife is  years old. her last period started -- ( days today). she hasn't been the most regular with her periods the previously longest between was  days. she has taken multiple hpt's and all came back negative. she doesn't seem to be having any pregnancy symptoms. could she still be pregnant or is something else going on? we have actively been trying to conceive.
can condoms cause the vaginal area to become red and swollen? . i just had sex for the first time with a condom. afterwards my lower vagina where the penis enters is now red and swollen. i have trouble going to the bathroom because it hurts so bad. i want to know what i can do to fix it without going to the doctor. but if i have to go i understand. tell me what is wrong and what i should do?
does advanced pain relief interact with any other medications?
what should i do in case of an overdose of zomig nasal spray?
my son is on antibotics for staph ( days now) can he swim in our pool?
what are the symptoms of tuberculosis tb?
i had  negative pregnancy tests and then  positive?
is amoxicillin appropriate for a sinus type infection/sore gland when swollowing? . will amoxicillin help for sinus infection? . .
should i see my family practictioner or my dentist to have a small salivary stone removed? . the stone can be seen under my tongue. appears to be too large to push through so a small incision may be necessary. . . . thank you . . michelle b.
i have a urine test in a week the last time i smoked weed was three weeks ago and i am not a regular user. will i pass?
i was born with small intestines – now held together with pins im pregnant will pins hold?
whenever my husband ejaculates (w/o a condom) i have an excruciatingly painful burning sensation in my vagina. why? . this has been happening for years and the longer it takes me to get to the bathroom to clean myself up the more it burns. even a second makes the world of a difference. it hurts so bad! i cried last time we had sex <negative_smiley>.
i am unable to achieve and substain an erection during sex. what are the main causes and solutions? less masterbation? . i am in my later 's and have yet to have sex in my life with a condom on and am forced to have sex without one which usually is not a problem for me. does masterbation really effect your erections and sex drive during sex?
i want to get tested for herpes but i don't have a pcp. where can i go to get tested right away? . i found a pcp but my appointment is over a month and a half from now. i'd like to know if there's anywhere i can go to get tested sooner than that.
i cough up blood but have had a ct scan and bronchoscopy that all came back normal?
what are the symptoms of shingles?
ok i ran out of birth controll for a week and was on my period and i had sex could i be pregnante? . he came inside of me twice
my  year old niece has a milky discharge coming from her breast what can be the cause for this if not pregnant?
how long does bronchitis take to incubate. the lady i live with got sick on wednesday of last week with bronchitis and i would like to know how long i need to be worried about catching it. she has since started on antibiotics.
my daughter has not had a voice for  weeks only a whisper?
what is influenza?
can  vitamins raise lab results.  lab results . can taking  mcg of sublingual  each day raise lab results?
how is epilepsy treated?
i've had constipation large hard stool w/ blood on stool & toliet paper bloating paincramping for  now. coloncancer?
"what do i do when my anxiety causes me mental and physical pain? . ive had anxiety since i was a kid. i dont take medications for it. i cant afford them. ive been trying to live with it and until recently ive done nothing about it. im tired of feeling like this its causing me emotional and physical pain. my relationships with friends and family members have been suffering. it often causes me to ""wig out"". when this occurs i have trouble breathing and chest pain. my whole mood just sours. i need help and i dont know whats wrong. what can i do?"
ive been on adhd medication for several years now dont have any sexual drive/libido?
period came  days early. i have bad abnormal heartburn & am exhausted. could be i pregnant? . my period came  days early. it was bright/dark red and brown and lasted  days but only the  was heavy. it was been a week since it started and i am exhausted. yesterday i got the worst sleep i think i have ever had because i had very bad heartburn. i have never had heartburn like this. it is much better today but my gut is still grumbly & even after finally sleeping for  hours i am tired. my coffee today & yesterday is making me nauseous also & i usually drink it daily.
unitedhealth/medicare/medicaid are my current health insurance coverages. . i pay $/month. any suggestions for a lower cost plan for the same benefits in ?
what are the advantages of strength training for weight loss?
shortness of breath? admitted for acute myocardial infarction?
can birth control pills cause hepatitis. shortly after giving birth to my first child  years ago i started getting so fatigued i could hardly get up the strength to walk across the room. i went to see my doctor and was told i had hepatitis from taking my birth control pills. i was taken off of them and got better but was wondering if there would be any long term effects and also should i tell my primary doctor.
my earlobes develop hard crusty patches of skin and scabs and are sore. ive tried bactroban. do you have any advice?
can i treat pain from mouth uclers using advil? (ibuprofen). i've been experiencing pain from mouth ulcers for a few days now. and i was just wondering if it was possible to treat the pain with advil and if it would make a difference if i used it or not.
i have two pre-existing conditions and i pay a lot every month in prescriptions. would obamacare be better for me? . or should i stick with my current plan?
how do i treat halitosis?
" year old male. how much protein should i have a day? . i am a  year old male '""  large frame. i had lower back surgery. i go to the gym and use the recumbent bike  days a week  to  miles a day and strength train (all elliptical)  days. i do low impact aerobics m-w-f . i was told by a huge body builder that i should be taking in  of protein pr  of body weight. i want to loss weight and get power back. i'm not looking to be a body builder. should i take in  per lb? and if so should it go down as my weight goes down?"
how to get off suboxone subliginal strips without withdrawl. i take -  suboxone strips a day. ive been taking them for a little over a year and was looking for the best way to get off them.
can a doctor decide that if there is any blockage in blood vein by doing ecg? . one of my relative had a chest pain n hospitalized immediately. he has been monitored closely by a cardiac doctor and by doing an ecg the doctor concluded that he has a block in blood vein and need to be removed by doing angioplasty. but he never done angiogram!
miscarriage bleeding with pregnancy or something else entirely? . i started spotting last saturday on monday i assumed i was finally starting my period after already being a month late so i put in a tampon. about an hour later i started having severe pain in my vagina/cervix area. it lasted for about an hour and i noticed blood clots were present one looked about the size of a quarter. i have been wearing panty liners ever since changing them about - times a day because of the bright red blood i am discharging. when i stand up or walk i feel some pains.
 yo son received dye /liquid into cannula during ct scan now has tremors?
what sort of home remedies can a tinea pedis fungal infection be treated with? . i've had the infection for several months now and the anti-fungal spray tinactin hasn't helped one bit nor is keeping my feet dry on a daily basis.
while nursing can breast milk dry up if you become pregnant?
what fruit juice acts as a laxative?
if i have pid is it too late? did it affect my fertility? it's been  / years and i'm scared! . last time i had sex was  / yrs ago. guy told me next day he had gonorrhea blamed it on me though i never had it. i didn't go to a doctor and just got antibiotics from a pharmacy! i am scared now don't really have colored discharge but sometimes smell isn't too pleasant and i'm scared that i might have pid and be infertile. is it too late? how long does the pid have to go untreated for it to affect fertility? the thought of never being able to have children scares me!
i am  years old. i had met an motor-bike accident  year ago where i fracture my right leg. it was a kind of simple open compound fracture. surgery was done & nail/ rod were placed there. i have followed the doctor & do every things he said but bone healing doesn't occur. instead the nail start breaking after i start walking without crutches. the doctor added extra calcium supplements & waited further. but no changes. then i move to next hospital. after  month a prp injection was given saying it was a non-union & waited to see the reaction. no good changes. then after  month again surgery was done replacing the broken nail with another long & wider nail/rod. some changes were observed within  months. then dynamization of nailing along with prp inject was made recently. will it solve the problem? what are the chances? how long it will take to heal? can i walk without support as it has been  month already(except recent dynamization)?
i have a bump about the size of a grape on the roof of my mouth towards the back of my throat. does not hurt
if one fallopian tube is defective can the other still be viable? . the left fallopian tube of my wife is defective can ther other be viable?
could i have genital herpes and not know it?
can headache occur as a side effect of bp medicine?
my mom has been coughing several times each day for the past  months sometimes she spits clear mucous and vomits?
if you had fifth disease when you were  yrs old can you get it again at age ?
we are trying for  baby fertility consultation has not worked?
will exercise make my skin look younger?
would over-the-counter cold medicines impact the effectiveness of birth control pills?
i have palpations and i get minor chest pains with it but i'm . is this serious?
what kind of doctor for my coccyx
what is a typical heart rate for the baby when just starting six weeks?
is it possible for adults my age to get arthritis? i'm  and have been experiencing some high levels of back pain.
will keflex  mg treat bactrial vaginoisis?
my parents stay with me. my father has been unemployed since jan. . . i have health insurance through my employer and it covers my wife. my parents are  and . can i include them in my health insurance coverage by applying on the website?
i am having problems getting wet down there during intercourse
i had unprotected sexual intercourse during my period; is it possible to become pregnant?
can i have sex after having the lining burned out
what will fix a headache and fever for someone on blood pressure medicine?
is operation on en arthritisc bunnion recomended? what are the results from it if having osteoarthitis? thanks
i was dumb and went in about an inch wth no condom for about  sec. . i didnt see any pre cum and didnt cum for a long time after and it was somewhere else. its been  days now what are the chances of pregnancy?
can i eat before a ct scan?
does  or  / glasses of wine a day caues high blood preasure?
i am relatively healthy however i have ms. . my major medical cost is my medication which has climbed by over % in the last  years. fortunately i have coverage through my company and only pay about % of the almost $  annual cost. what does the new affordable care act provide in regards to this type of issue?
i had some bumps on my penis not painful is it herpes?
can exercise help treat depression?
could i feel implantation  days after unprotected sex if we did this slightly post forecast fertile days? . i thought my chance was out the window according to when i was most fertile. but my husband and i decided to start trying anyway. we had unprotected sex on may   and then some dull throbbing on my right side (uterus) and terrible lower back pain on same side starting last night (may ) and continuing into today (may ). my fertile calendar said i was most fertile from may  through  with peak at . but my cycles are about  days vs. .
experiencing fever cold sweats chills fatigue burning eyes and a deep pain in my mid section
my brother is  years old and has severe cerebral palsy for the last few years he has been complaining of stomach pains but was not able to explain what sort of pains as he also has limited speech. about two years ago he became anaemic and was taken into hospital. while he was there he had an endoscopy and the test revealed that he had severe grade  erosive/ulcerative oesphagitis. to treat this he was given lansoprazole two years later he still has not recovered and he is still suffering from the same symptoms. the doctors have said that nothing can be done about it and to carry on taking the medication given. after reading an article about endoscopic fundoplication i am wondering whether my brother would benefit from this. i am very concerned as my brother is in a lot of pain which is also causing sleepless nights and now he seems to have developed laughter attacks which can go on for hoursâ¦doctors have not been able to diagnose this but the attack always occur when he is pain. i would be grateful if anyone could give any suggestions. thankyou dyer
is there a connection between ehlers-danlos syndrome (eds) and fibromyalgia?
i have started waking up at night coughing up fluid and feeling like drowning ?
what is viral meningitis?
why do antibiotics clear acne?
i'm on medicare due to m. s. do i need to change from medicare to the health insurance exchange?
age . swelling both ankles. reduced salt. heart kidney ok. swelling ankles periodic. dr. checked heart kidney ok. bp fluctuating  to . do take potassium gluconate  mg. profuse urination. three times during night. had radical prostactomy  years ago. psa .  from .  in  years. aspirin  mg. helpful to some extent. swelling some time last many days. no other problem. why it could be? my dr. has no answer.
can your wisdom teeth cause your ears to hurt. my wisdom teeth are coming in and i have a horrible ear ache. i went to the doctor and he said he didn't see anything wrong with my ears. my ears hurt really deep.
how to stop prolonged period bleeding on the pill? . for six weeks i was having continuous bleeding while on the pill (reclipsen). my doctor at the time recommended going off the pill for a few days then starting back up and using the ibuprofen method which i had tried before during this and if that didn't work to double up on pills. i ended up doubling up on pills which finally stopped the bleeding. but she decided to also switch me to sprintec and now it's started up again. i've been celibate since january. help how do i make it stop?
i am in the mid twenties never had morning erection genitals look like that of a child?
can hemorrhoids block a bowel movement?
why shouldnt i combine a multivitamin and a folic acid pill togather
why would a mammogram show something but a breast biopsy taken is benign?
i have a throat bacterial infection feels like i have a fluid or something in my ear?
how do the penalties for not purchasing health insurance work?
if a little sperm is left on toilet paper can she get pregnant? . i was masturbating and a little sperm might've gotten left on the toilet paper roll.  minutes to an hour later one of my relatives used the bathroom to pee and the the toilet paper to wipe their vagina afterwards. what are the chances they could get pregnant?
i keep getting up to urinate in the middle of night. what can i do to stop? . i am a  year old female with oab. i am currently being treated with oxybutynin er  mg.
hockey player has ankle problems tenderness bruising and a good bit of swelling?
should you practice safe sex during pregnancy?
gas pains. i am already being treated for gerud with omeprazole  mg  per day. tes i am on opoids that i know cause constipation so i am already careful of that. still i present with sever gas constant gas constant burping without burning as long as on medication. sever bloating with or without having had a bowl movement. now increasing left quadrant pain. no relief no matte what. mind you i am on opoids and i am not getting relief with this particular problem. please help!
diabetes patient wants to avoid dialysis as far as possible underwent avf surgery why is creatinine levels high?
does any insurance cover cialis how about canadian pharmacies do you know of reputable ones?
 a way to have low premiums if you are healthy and have few doctor visits except for checkups. ?
i have a large bump under skin in my wrist it dont have any pain or tenderness what can it be. it just appeared a few days ago not sure if i could go to dr or not
my hiv tests fall under false negative. do i have hiv?
what illnesses often co-exist with bipolar disorder?
what are the risk factors for having nerve pain after shingles?
is  days to long to leave stitches in on my neck after removing inclusion cyst
could psoriatic arthritis be a more systemic problem leading to multiple seemingly separate problems to include pacs prostate/urologic and multiple areas of tendonitis without strain or injury?
what are possible dangers when wearing a knee brace--if it is a little tight?
i love to go skiing in the winter but my skin always gets chapped and dry. what can i do for it?
when i prick my ankle with pin only clear liguid comes out is that from neurapathy or in fection had other amputated. car accident hurt ankle got infection in bone was amputated other leg was told nurapathy but swelling numbness and clear liquid comes out do i have infection
do you need to experience a panic attack in order to have anxiety?
my father has been diagnosed with brain tumor – requires surgery medication or other treatment?
will polycystic kidney disease cause a drug test to test positive for codeine? . i am a veteran who just tested positive in drug screen for codeine. i have only taken my medication that follows:. . oxycontin -  pill  mg /day. . roxicodone -  pills  mg /day. . dextroamphetamine -  pills  mg /day. . alprazolam -  pill.  mg less than /month. . if pkd can't what could have?
can i mix aciphex with mylanta to help with heartburn symptoms?
how much zertec allergie medication do i give my  lb dog
i am pregnant however i have taken the morning after pill twice any adverse effects on the fetus?
i have low blood pressure low heart rate tired and lack energy is it normal?
does smoking pot help essential tremors
what is an allen's test?
my son has autism. we have been using florida's state plan (through florida's ahca) for his insurance. . they were covering applied behavior analysis therapy (aba). the state just denied aba therapy when he turned . my last understanding was that aba was to be covered by the state which they are now denying. how do i know if aba therapy will be covered?
i have severe sinus headaches that are unaffected by ibuprofen zyrtecd and a nasal steroid. i take a nasal steroid spray nearly year round and i take zyrtec d to try and keep myself from all the awful symptoms. recently though the zyrtec hasn't been clearing the nasal inflamation when i have a headache. i will then take ibuprofen on top of that and it fails to work on the aching pain in my nose eye cavities cheeks and upper gums. in the last few days my nose has started to go cold on top of everything else. i'd appreciate any ideas.
if i am passed out is it possible for me to get an erection? and is it possible for me to ejaculate while passed out?
recently i have chills extreme skin sensitivity in my torso and intense headache. these symptoms have occurred within the last week or so and seem to be getting worse. i am  years old and have had a small hernia in my groin for many years which has recently become larger harder and painful. i know i should see a doctor but i have no health insurance. i want to know if this may be a critical situation. thank you for any help.
my mother has chronic pain and lost her mobility – is medical cannabis oil ok?
i had lesion in my scrotum now eyelashes fall eyebrow and hair fallitching in body mouth ulcers cold?
i am thinking to have varicocele surgery would it help?
delayed period after abortion. please help.
does spermatocele need to be rechecked over time with an ultrasound to verify it hasn't turned cancerous? . a few years ago i was diagnosed as having spermatocele. at the time of the diagnosis they performed an ultrasound to verify that it wasn't cancerous. it has grown in size over the last few years and i was wondering if this condition needs rechecked periodically to be sure it doesn't develop into cancer?
why do i get an intense tingling/itchy sensation all over my body when i work out? i take no extreme a supplement.
can i give my -year-old childrens sudafed and childrens advil?
what are the symptoms of psoriatic arthritis?
can facial surgery be done at the same time as a chemical peel?
i have long term diarrhea and it doesnt stop for months?
 yrs. old. having tenderness around my nipple when clothes rub against it; some pain in whole breast. not pregnant. post-menopausal so no periods or pregnancy. it this something to be concerned about? been going on for about  months. only happening in one breast.
i was exposed to someone during an outdoor run who has shinggles. can i catch it. i ran a few miles with a friend this weekend who found out she has shingles. i have never had chicken pox and i'm nervous that i could get it. we were around eachother for about  minutes outside. is it likely that i wont catch it?
i'm cutting myself what kind of help can i get? is it a sign of suicide? . i have asbergers and i think i am depressed.
 year old child loses conscious every - minutes and losing sensation on side of body?
what are symptoms of paget's disease?
can a male be a carrier of bacteria vaginosis? can a male recieve bacteria vaginosis from a woman?
are there diet pills for people under ? . hi! so i'd like to lose  pounds (and this is a reasonable number i am  pounds overweight) but i would like the process to go quicker if it could. but it seems as all the diet pills are for people over . so are there any diet pills for people under ? could they be prescribed or over-the-counter? thanks <positive_smiley>
hello currently on a probiotic and looking into adding something for a dairy sensitivity. is it possible to use one product?
at what point does low blood pressure become critical. my  yr. old mom's pressure was /
is there any diet that can help improve or reverse hypothyroidism?
my wife has stomach pain nausea blurred vision muscle pain and feels like she is dying?
ive been suffering from very hard persistent re flux with or without eating for almost like one year?
hi i'm  years old take nature-made b complex   ubiquinol daily is this okay? . i'm using nature-made super b-complex omega -- and qunol  ubuiquinol as alternative adhd medicine. i'm just concerned that these pills maybe detrimental. i've read the label on the nature-made super b-comples and it contains  % daily value of thiamin  % riboflavin and % . also the qunol has  of pure  (i've heard the reccomended amount was around ) is this too much for my body to handle? should i cut the pills into smaller portions? please help! . thanks!
my  y/o son has a fever of - for last  days when should i take him to the hospital if the fever doesn't go away. no other symptoms he is drinking fluids and eating very little.
why are my labia minora lips so big? i have never seen anyone with them so large. they stick out/hang down almost an inch and a half. i feel like a freak of nature. i've never seen anything like it. why am i like this? how could i be made to look normal? the older i get the worse they look.
what should u do if u cut or scrape the inside of the penis or urethra during rough sex
spirometry testlast resort!
if my partner and i both have the herpes type  virus do we have anything to worry about?
after giving birth i continue to vomit  –  minutes after eating?
tampon pain/irritation. i am a  year old woman who just recently had penetrative sex for the first time. it was with a toy but it was washed before and after. i noticed itching in my vagina a few days after the sex. i was on my period however and using pads. when the pads stopped so did the itching. it's been about  months and i have been unable to use tampons comfortably since. they either itch burn or i can tell that they are in. . is it possible that this is related to my sexual intercourse?
my mother is diagnosed with () adenocarcinoma stomach is chemotherapy the best option?
is schizoid personality a type of schizophrenia? . i talked with my counselor about schizoid personality b/c i was supposedly diagnosed with did then doctor said bipolar  with psychotic features. i don't know what i have and i look for help but none to be found. online i mean. i think it might be maybe ptsd b/c i was tortured in school and home in mental head. i might have brain tumor i have headaches too. always since i was little. i do no drugs besides what dr gives me but been accused of it but they had my blood and pee i wasn't lying.
why do i have an internal itching sensation where i pulled my piriformis muscle?
how do drugs cause hair loss?
can you get pregnant after tubal ligation? . i had a tubal ligation  years ago where they actually burned my tubes and haven't had any issues until recently. is it possible to get pregnant after  years? i was assured there was a % success rate and i shouldn't have to worry. well now i'm a little worried.
awhat is the longest life i will have if i know i have vasular dementia or alsheimers or memory loss or parkinsons. what is life expectancy for a male age  today who is going for a mri scan to see if he has dementia lewy body alsheime or r parkinsons disease
what are common side effects from medications used to treat headaches?
no period for  months – brown discharge – cause for concern or not?
what should i do to get rid of brown spots or age spots?
what are the symptoms of colorectal cancer metastatic or recurrent?
i had a knee arthroscopy  months ago for two meniscus tears in my left knee?
 year old girl cannot walk doctors baffled?
do i have hiv and could i have given it to my boyfriend? . i had unprotected a few times. i never got tested or had symptoms. i've been dating a guy for  months and he's suddenly had a really bad flu. i know that once you've contracted the virus it takes - weeks to get acute retrovirus syndrome which include fever fatigue and often rash headache joint pains swollen lymph nodes and sore throat. he had all except the rash & swollen lymph nodes. if he really did have the flu wouldn't it be contagious? no one else caught the flu from him.
is there some way to naturally detox or cleanse your body?
help on getting pregnant. it has been four months me and my husband are trying to get pregnant no luck so far we are having intercourse everyday during ovulation time i am on folic acid tablets for more than a year i do not smoke do not drink any help?
are there any issues with having da vinci prostate surgery if you already have ulcerative colitis?
i am pregnant (in my first trimester) and i have some chest congestion. is there any safe medications i can use?
can i do pilates if i have osteroporosis?
i have asthma and i take ventolin inhaler and seretide inhaler been having difficulty in breathing for  weeks and a constant cough for  months with clear phlemg
i have halitosis doctor says i have an h. pylori?
are cosmetic surgeons board-certified?
will birth control stop pregnancy if he comes inside of you? . i've been on birth control for  months. but he came inside of me without a condom. what are the chances im pregnant?
i took pills after unprotected anual sex will i get pregnent
what is a more judicious use of antibiotics?
why my bp one day is normal the nexet day ia fair. i am very healthy person i sow my primary dr. recently for my annual checkup my bp was normal recently one day is normal the next day fair or high why is that?
i caught clostridium difficile colitis (cdiff) after antibiotics and fecal transplant i have pain nausea and vomiting?
what does herpes zoster look like?
am i pregnant? . pt negative missed period for  mos. feeling sleepy every morning but sleep is enough. headaches are often but that's it. emotional sometimes.
treating a groin area rash with daily apps of triamcinolene cream for months. i stop for  day and rash returns. ideas? . identified by dermatologist as related to jock itch. prescription is used up so i'm looking for otc alternatives or - best case - permanent solution.
i understand that health insurance premiums are based on income. what income do i use to calculate my premium when buying health insurance? is it gross income or adjusted income?
both my  yo ( lt. side) and  yo (bilat) girls have red swollen nipples no visable insect bites or break in skin. both my daughters were co discomfort around breast. my  yo girl lt. nipple is red swollen tender my  yo girl bilat nipples are red swollen and tender. no break in skin visable. i am puzzled since both my girls have symptoms. no recent change in product. no other rashes on skin anywhere. the only new exposure to anything on skin is swimming in pool. i could think of numerous causes if it was only one of them. but both?
how do i appeal a denied health insurance claim?
bronchitis - taking amoxicilian. i have bronchitis and i was put on amoxicillian. i am just wondering if it is alright to take advil for the pain tho? nothing seems to work and i am coughing like crazy and it is giving me massive headaches <negative_smiley>
what is prostatitis?
what happens to someone when they get prostatitis?
will a yeast infection occur if you are not taking your insulin?
i used baby powder (vag area) off and on for about   yrs ago. does this put me at higher risk for ovarian cancer? . i used the powder for off and on for  year approximately  years ago
are certain foods linked with healthy skin?
how much protein should an adult female eat every day?
why does my leg ankle and foot swell. i am  years old. for about  months ago i have started to walk  miles a day on three days each week. now i have noticed that my right leg (calf ankle and foot) are swelling. is this due to the walking program i started or is something else going on? i would not think that  miles a week should matter.
what are the chances of getting pneumonia when staying in the emergency department? . i was recently in the emergency department for a bad reaction i had to zithromax (vomiting. ) i was released within six hours but i was taken to a few different areas of the ed for ultrasound and ct. i did wipe my nose a few times. although the original bronchitis has mostly cleared up what are the chances i could get hospital acquired pneumonia? it has been five days since being released from the ed.
can chlamydia still show negative if sexual intercourse has only been  days that u believe you were infected? . expert advice only!
my mom has stage  liver cancer. i would like to know approximate life time left?
why is the tip of my penis turning white?
is creon fda approved and covered by most insurance?
. my salvia is too watery there is no stickyness in it? . i feel my throat is dry there is no mucous in it
i had pneumonia pleurisy pain doesnt go away?
 weeks after concussion still have nausea blurry vision. i have been yawning a lot and my face has been hot ears red. i got a concussion  weeks ago.  weeks later i was feeling almost better but got hit in the head with a soft ball and all my symptoms came back now i still have very blurry vision (which was completely nonexistent before i got hit the second time) nausea and an occasional headache. could this possibly be from stress related to the concussion? i have been yawning a ton every day and sometimes my face and most specifically my ears will get red and hot. what can i do to alleviate symptoms
diagnosed with type  diabetes i believe not been monitored by doctor closely enough?
what causes nausea chills and a rash?
i need some help and advice please and thank you well um i was masturbating and um like when i was done i got up to. like stand up and i felt this like sharp pain in like my lower abdomen and like the pain spread from my lower abdomen and up. but i kinda tried something new and different and like idk what to do now. well the new and different things i tried was um i masturbated with markers like i put  markers in my vagina and like it felt good for like a few minutes later it started to hurt and burn like really really bad and idk why. i been in pain for  days now. idk what to do. the markers were smooth
are pinworms dangerous for children having chemotherapy? . my  year old granddaughter is being treated with chemotherapy for rhabdomyosarcoma. is there any added risk for her if she is around a cousin with pinworms?
i am retired and i pay for healthcare through highmark. . can i keep my current insurance and get a subsidy from the government to help pay for it or do i have to purchase healthcare through the pennsylvania marketplace plan?
can u get a std from swallowing semen?
sex  weeks ago. no condom broke but there was unprotected oral! full test  dys aftr. was - how reliable is tht. was sex with another male. just want to know if tht test is reliable after  days
is there any way for georgians to get medicaid under the aca since the governor opted out of expanding it?
should people over  years old have the tdap shot for pertussis (whooping cough)
what are symptoms of pneumonia. chest pain when coughing deep. cough from being very hot an sweaty inside a cold store
there is a large rash on my leg after getting several mosquito bites. i am sensitive to bug bites - should i be worried?
what can i do to get the baby's heartbeat up while pregnant. my baby's heartbeat is low and i want to know if there is something i can do to get it to come up so i won't have a miscarriage
do people exposed to someone with whooping cough need to take preventive antibiotics or get vaccine boosters?
why would bowel movements smell like moth balls? . my huband has copd emphysema sleep apnea allergies and asthma. his bowel movements smell like moth balls each time. is there a reason for this. he is on a coumadin diet.
who should get a seasonal flu vaccination?
im breast feeding can i smoke marijuana?
with an unfamiliar skin care product how should i test for a sensitive skin reaction?
american living in china  weeks of diarrhea and noticing food like carrots being partially digested. concerns? . i moved to china - weeks ago. i have had diarrhea ever since i got here. i figured it was because my body wasn't used to the food. however i am still having diarrhea and i am noticing that vegetables like carrots are partially digested. could this be malabsorption? pancreatitus? any ideas suggestions or concerns would be greatly appreciated.
what is oxy ir?
how long does it take for chlamydia to be in your body before you are tested postive for it? . i just found out that i have chlamydia. i have only been with my boyfriend for two months. i just want to know if i got it from him or from past partners
what are some nonimpact activities for people with osteoporosis?
how long is someone with the flu contagious?
i am  day post op from a knee replacement and i have a few patches of red?
i have a tooth absess that is swelling into my eye what sould i do. i went to the hospital they tried to drain it it didn't work
what is heartburn?
what factors increase the risk of acquiring toxoplasmosis?
where can i find out what quantity of omega- fatty acids is present in a particular food? it is not listed in labels.
what causes tendonitis in multiple joints? . specifically tendonitis in the thumb wrist peronials of foot and lower leg and now shoulder
what should women know about aspirin therapy for heart disease?
will calcium caplets have the same effect if crushed up and added to food as they will if swallowed whole?
i have been getting stomach pain that travels around to my back?
had surgery a year ago can not work or stand or move with out pain in stomacke since no medication is working what is it. after  surgery in january  ( adhesion removal) the pain in my stomache is so bad that i can not stand long enough to even do dishes or cook if anything touches my stomache at all the pain is so bad i want to just cry and not stop i can not lay down or sit up on my own can not walk through a store have to get on of those electric wheel chairs the doctors have tried so many treatments from pain pills to ontiment to anti depressants. this has changed my life completely
can an individual have more than one type of arthritis at a time?
i started having a burning uncomfortable pain in my right flank area?
what happens to someone when they get sinusitis?
a friend has gums pulling away from his teeth and canker sores on his lips tongue and throat. what is happening? . he has some fever but strep and mono tests were negative.
is  years old too late for braces?
i think im pregnant and i don't know how to tell my partner? . i took a pregnancy test and it was positive and i dont know how tell him or anyone for that matter. this would be my firsy baby im scared but also excited/happy
is stress causes acne? . one of my friend told me that acne is caused by stress. is it really true or not? . tell me the causes of acne so that i can clear it that stress is a cause or not.
can birth control pills cause major dryness burning? tested - no other infections and no others changes to soaps etc
what causes hives?
my prenatal vitamin is making me nauseous. will taking it with maalox help?
according to the cdc  new antibiotics came to market between - but only  between -. why so few?
frequent soft yellow stool? . i moved about a month ago. i assume my diet changed a bit (more whole grain bread). however since then i have had soft yellow-brown stools every time i've gone to the bathroom. the stool has also been irritating my anus (a burning sensation). i am a science major and so i know that it could have something to do with my gallbladder or the fact that food is passing through my digestion too quickly (still has active enzymes). what could be the diagnosis and is it really that much of a problem?
i had my teeth whitened (not by a dentist) and received burns to my lips inside and out. what can i take for the pain?
orange period blood. i have orange period blood test was negative for infection and pregnant now i throw up every morning and my breast tender sleepy and milk coming out of my breast and my stomach been hurting and still don't know what wrong i going back to doctor on august  th for more test. why this going on? does anyone know can u please help me
i am bleeding constantly after depo-provera birth control shot?
what are risk factors for chronic hepatitis c?
what medications and treatments are available to treat ulcerative colitis?
my husband has been coughing up phlegm with bright red blood?
does a urinary track infection cause high blood pressure? . i have had high blood pressure and found out i had a uti. would that be a cause for high blood pressure. this is the second time this has happened. the first time i had uti my blood pressure was high. started me on meds. was ok until my  uti and found out i had one and pressure was high again. i am very active and weigh . i never thought i would be on blood pressure meds. been on an antibiotic for  days and blood pressure. is low. do you think a uti can cause your pressure to rise?
what is the best time of day to exercise to lose weight? specifically if i'm walking on a treadmill.
what time of day is best to take an anti-depressent? can it be taken with my rx for hypothyroid? . i have been taking  mcg of synthroid for over a year. i started taking  mg of lexapro in january and can't decide if i should take my synthroid in the morning and lexapro at night or if they should be taken at the same time? i have gained about  pounds since starting lexapro and am finding it difficult to lose as i have no energy and feel tired all the time.
woke up with my upper left arm in pain?
after lumpectomy lymph node surgery and radiation therapy i have stabbing pain in lower back?
if i am feeling really hungry after exercising what is the best thing to eat after a workout? . and i am a guy not sure if that matters.
is there anyway i can treat chylamidia without going to the doctors office? . i went once and they treated me but i don't think it was effective. i just want to be able to get rid of it without having to go to the doctors all over again. can't i just buy a pill at walmart or something?
i have hidradenitis suppurativa. i am looking treatment(s) of this condition. i have tried systemic tetracyclines birth control and surgery ( wide incision and subsequent secondary healing). all of these have been temporary fixes for a very painful diesase. my outbreaks have rapidly increased and the abscesses last for alot longer (sometimes weeks) then they use to and never seem to fully heal. i have extensive sinus tracks and eruption zones. this condition had been misdiagnosted for  years until it had progressed into stage iii. please help me!
how can toxoplasmosis be prevented?
can i mix moisterizing lotion and topical medications? . i have eczema on my hands and i use moisturizing lotion and mometasone furoate cream(a steroid i was perscribed to) daily. can i just mix them and apply them at the same time for convenience or is there some reason you are supposed to do them separately? . also after i get out of the shower my hands are super dry. if i can't put them on together what should i put on first the steroid or the moisturizing lotion?
could a prostatecomy  months ago cause high wbc?
i am an american living outside the country. i am covered by national health care in the country where i live. . how do the new rules affect me?
is it possible to have a fractured ankle with no bruising/swelling?
can anesthesia during surgery cause memory loss or signs of senility?
i have had  back surgeries ive been having a lot of pain especially when i bend forward?
can i take azithromycin if im allergic to augmentin
why does mineral oil enter the body clear and exit as orange to bright orange?
is it possible to get chlamydia from a tattoo? . i was recently diagnosed but the doctors say it is impossible to have had it for the + yrs i have been with the same man. we use condoms every time. he hasn't been tested yet but i highly doubt he has it. i did just get a tattoo and now i question how clean the shop wasn't. could i have picked chlamydia up from a dirty tattoo shop?
if i have hep. c can i have sex. can i still have sex
i have fatigue from being on several medications?
is it ok to use soap on my face when i take a shower or should i be using something else?
ive started suffering burning muscle pain and achy joint pain ive been fatigued experienced brain fog?
can i get pregnant if i have sex while i'm on my period
is the social security number necessary to purchase an insurance? . i am moving to us for  years due to husband's work and planning to have a baby wanted to purchase insurance asap.
i have endo and i. c. i had a hysterectomy  years ago i'm in alot of pain to the point of tears. i have endo and i. c. i had a hysterectomy  years ago. but it keeps coming back. so i have had  laps it has averaged one a year for the last  years. i dont have the money right now to go to my dr. because our insurance is awful. i am having back pain and doubling over with cramps and having trouble with constipation i took a laxative last night and have gone some but its still not like it normally helps me go. i am also burning when i go to the bathroom to urinate and not. can you give me so
how many cc's are in an ml?
what is prolopa for parkinson's disease?
sprayed and breathed in too much raid now feel exhausted and hard to breathe?
stage  anal cancer left radiation neuritis of sciatic nerve now in pain?
my husband and i have been prescribed medications but can't afford them. where can we buy them for less online?
if i sat next to a research sceintist who may have been experimenting with radiation could i get radiation sickness? . he would have been about  feet away and i am wondering as this is a possible illness on symptom checker and i am afraid of radiation. thank you.
are antibiotics a suitable treatment for the common cold?
what can you take for high blood pressure that non prescription?
implantation bleeding or period? ! help! . i've been having unprotected sex no kind of protection for awhile. i've been getting preg symptoms for about  weeks now. i heard implantation bleeding happens around the time your period starts and my period started today(//). it is very light and a light red than usual. i've been having nausea very tierd moody and my breasts are hard and tinder. could there be a possibility i am preg? or is this just the start of my period- being light and all that?
is my premature ejaculation due to fear or a lifelong problem?
could you help me in this? . so i have cold which makes me cough. i had little orange juice in my mouth and i felt like coughing from cold so i took a deep breath and coughed once. do you think that some parts of orange juice might have gone the wrong way during this? i didn't feel like choking and i didn't cough more.
i have me myalgic encephalomyelitis and finding it impossible to lose weight?
my -month-old daughter just developed this sore/rash on her scalp?
what causes benign prostatic hyperplasia bph?
haemorroids won't go away. had haemorrhoids since i was a teenager. op'd twice: stapled and banded. the former lasted  years the latter lasted about a week. i have a good diet with lots of fruit and veggies and i regularly exercise (climbing twice a week minimum). i'm trying  daily fybogel (been on this  weeks) + also using ointment with hydrocortisone. how long will they take to go away if i keep this up or will i need another op?
when do your areolas start to get darker if you are pregnant? . i was just curious. i had sex with my boyfriend way after my ovulation day so could i be pregnant. my period started on the  of july and ended on the  day. we had sex with a condom on the  and i started birth control on the  is it a possibility that i could be pregnant? pleeasseeeeee i need an answer fast!
i thought my first period started  weeks ago but now theres brown stuff. at first when i first got it it was a lot of red blood at one time now its all this thick dark brown stuff is this normal? keep in mind this is my very first period
i have been to several doctors about my skin rash and nothing has worked to resolve it?
my  rib pulled out of place is there a medical procedure to put it back?
doc asked my girlfriend to get hpv vaccinations which cost $ does she need them? . does she need the $ vaccinations? . she's  is sexually active with only me i have had around - sexual partners but none in the past  months. we have unprotected sex but she uses a contraceptive pill around once a day. does she need the hpv vaccination? does it actually protect against cancer?
how can i tell if a lump or swelling is a hernia?
my father has a catheter he experiences enormous amounts of pain when he pees i don't think this is normal is it?
should i be concerned about acinetobacter anitratus?
yesterday i looked on the ca calculator for the new health care plan. i saw that my husband (who will be retiring soon) and i will pay $/mo. for health insurance if our income is $ /yr. but $ <negative_smiley>mo. if our income is $ /yr. could someone please explain how that's possible?
my hand went numb today?
how can i prevent getting salmonella?
how do you break a fever in a toddler?
i am post menopausal and my partner has had a vasectomy. can we use coconut oil safely as a personal lubricant? . we obviously don't need condoms so that is not an issue. no condoms needed.
is chewing tobacco bad if you have atrial fibrillation?
if i am diabetic how should i take care of minor burns?
why do i get diarrhea if i eat something sweet after drinking a beer? . i've had ibs for many years but take medication that generally eliminates all symptoms. however i've noticed over the years that i often suffer a somewhat severe if short-lived bout of diarrhea within a couple hours after consuming something sweet (fruit included) after drinking a beer! i have no problems with either sweets or beer as long as i don't consume them close together. this seems strange to me; any idea what might be going on?
how common is travelers' diarrhea?
what are some examples of aerobic exercise?
how long do various legal and illegal drugs stay in your system for drug testing purposes?
after vomitting and horrible diarrhea i am still nauseas dizzy and very weak  days later why? how can i fix this? . i had food poisoning after a day i thought i was done. the next day i felt extremely faint dizzy weak couldn't barley stand and quite nauseas again. and i woke up this morning all the same symptoms. but at least i am keeping food down. so why am i feeling like this still? how can i counteract the weakness and dizziness? i have so much to get done i need a band-aid for at least a few hours of normalcy to get stuff done.
does rubbing vicks vapor rub on the bottom of your feet when you have a cold work? if so can i do this on my  yr old? . my  year old has a cold with runny/stuffy nose and cough. many mothers including my own have told me to rub vicks on the bottom of her feet and put socks on her at bed time. i've done it on mine but didn't notice a difference. i only did it a couple of nights though. . thank you . c
my son had dtap polio chicken pox and mmr vaccines now can barely move?
daughter is in alcohol rehab for  days and just learned she's  weeks pregnant. worried about effects of meds on baby
pain behind right eye blurriness headache sinus pain?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of eszopiclone?
can you inherit depression from your parents?
what kind of bacteria causes clitoris discharge. i am having a problem with a small but bothersome discharge coming out of the clitoris and it seems to be of a light yellowish color. the problem seems to come and go my last medical exam was done about  months ago and the results was normal. i am very concerned about this what should i do? is there a specific test to find out why is this happening?
what are the psychological benefits of exercise with depression?
spots appeared on my areola now flaking?
suffering from anxiety and depression. doctor prescribed mirap and clonazepam. need a second opinion.
is abortion safe at  weeks into pregnancy? . hi i am  weeks pregnant and contemplating abortion. but i am worry that it could be harmful to my body or worst. i have already had  abortions  live births  miscarriage. i am also a little scared to have this baby because all my pregnancy were high- risk and it put me and my babies lives at risk. yes my husband and i used a condom when i got pregnant with this baby. so i was just wonderng if it was safe or even recommended to go through with it based on my history.
i had  in ? will my natural immunities help me from getting this type of flu again?
what causes veins protruding on the forehead? . from behind the right ear to the middle of the forehead appears a bulging vein. what is it?
i had a radiofrequency surgery done on the back of my heels still having pain?
is it safe for me to have a -hour energy drink if im on trazodone depakote and celexa?
when should i go to er after a toenail is removed. my toenail was removed and its painful and black and my whole foot is swelling
we think my husband is depressed. he doesn't want to quit drinking beer. can he do that and take antidepressants?
i take xanax soma oxycodone oxycontin. i got a false positive for morphine on a drug test at my md. im confused. help!
an x-ray of my hand showed tendinitis and atherosclerotic calcification what should i do?
what can i expect during week  of my pregnancy?
how do i get my girlfriend to a doctor? . my girlfriend has health problems. she sometimes gets dizzy feels weak has trouble focusing both in terms of sight and thoughts and occasionally she passes out. her parents do not believe in a doctor apparently and are trying to self diagnose her. i am only  (though i will be  in two months) and i live in texas. i do not know what doctor to take her to or if i am allowed to or anything. what are the rules concerning minors going to the doctor? what kind of doctor should i take her to?
can you get pregnant while on the pill?
am i pregnant? . so i had unprotected sex with my boyfriend one day before my period started he did not ejaculate in me and usually my period lasts about - days and my cycle is about  days on average is it still possible for me to become pregnant?
some drugs' costs have gone through the roof. is this from the new health care? will it affect later on?
could i be pregnant. i have not had my period since november  me and my boyfriend had sex on december  and i bled very little during intercourse and still haven't gotten my period and have the symptoms of being pregnant like moodiness cravings fatigue nausea dizziness lower back pain. i also took two home pregnancy tests and both came back negative.
what causes cataracts?
i have dark circles under eyes body aches and fatigue. could it be addison disease?
how do you remove dried blood from your inner ear after it has swollen? . i had recently had an pencil eraser stuck in (and later removed from) my ear. it swelled up after i had tried cleaning it with ear wax remover and now there's possibly some blood still there and was wondering how to get it out.
what if i become pregnant while using implanon?
what can i expect during week  of my pregnancy?
chest burning /pain sensation. i have a chest burning and pain sensation even just by walking from my house to my garage or from walking up the basement stairs. if i stop walking and take several deep breaths the pain and burning go away. the longer i walk the more pain and burning making me want to stop for breath. if i just relax and do nothing i feel almost no pain/burning. i have no diabetes or high blood pressure. hope some of you outther have an anwer to this. thanks.
my  yr old husband has burning in his hands & feet ache & numbness off & on during the day & at bedtime. his job requires driving alot & he has to take his shoes off to get relief from symptoms mentioned above. he takes synthroid twynsta crestor & ambien.
my psa and free psa have been rising but not consistently?
would tonsillitis cause my  year old to have a very red large swollen lymphnode in her neck? . my  year old was initially diagnosed with cervical lymphadenitis. she was given an antibiotic and the swelling in her next almost completely went away. then she got a stomach virus and the swelling came back but not as bad. once again it went almost completely away. now it is back again very swollen and red. she does not have a fever or a sore throat. her tonsils are very large. she has had bloodwork  times and an ultrasound. we are now seeing an ent. he said that it could be tonsils
what causes anemia?
how can i get control back in my life after a cancer diagnosis?
if i smoke weed once can i get clean in  days. i am currently clean and i work out every day and have little body fat
i've had tinnitus for  years in my left ear. suddenly i have tinnitus in my right ear and my left ear is fine. how? . i went to doctors got hearing tests got mri's etc. the doctors said it was just inner ear damage (even though i listened to music at a low volume and had never been to a concert). after  years suddenly my other ear is ringing and my left ear is fine (i tested this by making soft noises on my left side that i hadn't been able to hear). i am confused about how suddenly my ears decided to trade tinnitus. does this mean i have brain tumor after all? . and yes i know i should see a doctor.
have had chronic dysentery daily for  months?
itching that spread over my leg. it has been a year and has gotten worse?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of leflunomide?
are waterproof mascaras harsher on your eyes and eyelashes than normal mascaras?
which is better for an ankle sprain -- taping or a brace?
can an untreated broken tooth lead to sepsis? . my husband broke a molar over a year ago and it has a large hole in it. he is frequently cold. very tired. legs are swelling.
my boyfriend pulled out to ejaculate and then put it back in with no condom. can i get pregnant?
are there any otc creams that will help relieve the pain and sting of shingles?
i had sex with my boyfriend today before i took my pill and he came in me. am i pregnant? . i missed my birth control pill on friday but i took it on saturday. i always take my birth control at different times each day.
i got my tubes tied after my  child. its been  years now. i have had my period every  days for  days. i got my tubes tied after my  child. its been  years now. i have had my period every  days for  days. but this month it was late by  days and it was light almost nothing and it lasted  to  days. i have been feeling a lot of cramps lower back aches tones of headaches tender boobs nausea body temp up and down a lot more tired then usual some time dizzy/fatigue and more. what do you think it could be?
what can exercise do for me?
i suffer from dyspnoea with muscle cramps in arms and feet?
i'm  sexually active and on birth cntrol. i haven't had my period for a few months. why? . i am fairly healthy and active. i have heard stress may be a factor. and i do not think this is the result of a pregnancy. . is this serious?
i have bloating feeling in my upper abdomen under my chest top of stomach?
"how to treat a burst sebaceous cyst? . i have a large cyst that burst on thursday. today is monday and it is still draining has formed a white head and is still tender. should i go to a doctor? also can a doctor remove the cyst if it isn't currently ""full""? (it's flat on my skin now but it's the  occurrence of this cyst). thanks!"
what states will cover alternative medicine and what is considered alternative?
can a-fib cause heart failure. iam in % a-fib even with my pacemaker. will this cause heart failure. does it increase my chance of stroke.
what are the symptoms of type  diabetes children living with the disease?
when i can feed my baby baby cereal?
can i be pregnant if i had my period twice in one month? . i had my period at the beginning of the month of october (oct -) it was late. usually have it at the end of the month. should have come at the end of september. i then had my period again in on the  of october and was spotting some the day before. could i be pregnant? it has only been two weeks since my last menstrual.
can marijuana show up in a test after not smoking for  days
my son was seizure free for  years but is now experiencing seizures again. why might this be happening?
does spice food effect ovaries. i feel a pain on the right lower side of the pelvic when i eat spice foods. it can last up to a day sometimes diarrhea is a symptom.
what are symptoms of emphysema?
i have swelling of the paratoid gland face is noticeably swollen on the right side?
i have history of amebiasis what foods will trigger it again?
every time i cough or sneeze i pass blood clots also through vaginal discharge and during intercourse?
can you push a tampon up to far?
having heart valve replacement surgery concerned about risk factors and other treatment options?
what kind of doctor should i see? . i have gainedy  pounds since march  all in my belly area with no change in my eating or exercise habits. my pcp telsl me i need to exercise more however i know my body and i know there is something wrong. i know that carrying weight in my mid-section is not healthy and no one seems to care much about it. i sometimes get pains on each side and my pelvic ultrasouds are fine. please give me some direction as to what type of physician i can see to help diagnose this problem. thanks!
will indiana expand their medicaid plan? the website talks about healthy indiana which is a high deductable . healthy indiana plan high deductable how is this going to help people who can't even pay a small deductable?
i think i may have septic shock im extremely weak cant sleep fever?
what type of anesthetic is used in a cystoscope procedure. i am scheduled to have a cystoscope next month. what type of anesthetic do they use for the procedure and how is it adminestered? . . . . thanks
what cold medication i can take with anxiety medications
is being  days late on your period something to be worried about? . i have never been more than a day late on my period before. i was supposed to have started my period early monday morning and it is now closing in on thursday afternoon. usually i can tell a day before or the day of when i am going to start. but it feels as if i just ended in a way. i am not on birth control and my boyfriend and i use the pull-out method. if i do not get my period by saturday night should i take a pregnancy test sunday evening?
is there anyway insurance would cover some kind of breast augmentation for rashes under the breast? . i am  and i have sagging breasts. i have not had children or breastfed and i am not obese. my breast are quite large () and they sit on top of a significant portion of my skin and causes bad itching redness and rashes underneath. when i look down at my breast i cannot see my nipples they are downward towards the floor and the crease in the middle is awful and bras just push them down more sitting on top of my skin making matters worse. how can i fix this?
is there a topical ointment to help heal and ease the pain of anal fissures?
i've been neatly folding toilet paper and placing it between my labi since i was eleven. it's been  yrs is it normal? . i've been doing this since i was . at first it was because of discharge but know i just can't seem to stop. its like i don't trust myself without paper being there.
if you feel your health insurance company is not following the new law who do you contact?
fingers numb and tingle belly bloated uti fallopian tube hurts?
my wife is a breastfeeding mother. can she take paracetamol for fever?
my  year old daughter: no period in  months; skin rashes on chest and back; staph infections mrsa; weight loss. the rashes and mersa have been going on since september. she is on adderral.
our son started eating rice cereal at  months and veggies/fruit at  months. he refuses the solids. any suggestions?
diagnosed with type  diabetes reduced  blood test without using metformin and lisinopril?
"does your body know how many calories you eat or can you eat regularly but < cals a day? . i am trying to lose weight. i have always been able to skip eating but now i am eating ""something"" every few hours. i have lost weight but want to lose more. i don't want my body to think it is starving if i don't adhere to  calories a day. as long as i give my body food every few hours regardless of the caloric content. is that enough to keep metabolizing? one example is: i eat a raw red pepper at about  calories for a mid morning snack. it is food in my body but very low in calories."
can biotin cause weight gain. started taking bioting to improve hair skin and nails but have been reading this causes weight gain. is this true?
what otccream for a simple belly rash non infected child
is it safe to feed meat and yogurt to my -month-old?
im afraid i cant carry out my pregnancy what should i do?
diagnosed with endometrioma in both ovaries do i also have polycystic ovary syndrome (pcos)?
is it healthy to not gain weight during pregnancy? . before i became pregnant i was  lbs. now at  weeks i'm still the same weight. i'm only supposed to gain  lbs according to my doctor.
should i use an electric toothbrush or a manual toothbrush?
im  and trying to lose weight. i cant excercise  min before im gasping for air. how can i get a work out in?
i think i am pregnant. i had unprotected sex  days ago and i am cramping a little my boobs are sore and today i got sick a something i eat but it is not time for my period the reason i am worry is because i am on medician that could hurt the baby if i was pregnant
what resources are available for caregivers?
my breast is sore for almost  weeks but i'm still not having my period. . i'm having difficulty of sleeping because of the sore breast. i have pcos. can i be pregnant?
i could fit into my pants one week but not the next?
what canbe the cause for chlamydia not going away after treatment and no sexual intercourse after being diagnosed
are hand sanitizes safe. how often/long can you use hand sanitizers before they build up a resistance and not kill germs?
i am in  month on mononessa. i missed a pill on day  and did not have sex until day . took  pills on day . safe? . i took my first pill on the first day of my period. i did not have sex except for on day . i took  pills the day after the missed one. i have not missed any others. what are my chances of being pregnant?
when i have pimple or blackheads they leave scars. what should i use?
normal for hemorrhoids to bleed without bowel movement? . been seeing some bleeding not alot but even without a bm. started about  days ago i wiped after a bm and it hurt thought maybe i cut myself or something. later noticed a pea size bump near anus that hurt for acouple days. it has not been painful in a few days now but yesterday noticed small blood on my night shorts and when i would pad just to see there would be alittle blood on there even though it really is not painful. the bump seems it may be getting smaller.
can stressful events (divorce death of a parent etc. ) actually age my skin? if so is there anything i can do?
pregnancy complications after bj. in the morning my girlfriend actually wanked me out and i ejaculated in tissues. throughout the whole day i urinated for only once and after that at night she started giving me a bj(without ejaculation but i supposed with some pre cum) then we actually french kissed and i started licking her private part. . this was our first time doing and she and i are actually virgin. can i know whats the likelihood of her being pregnant? i am really stressed out as i am afraid that she will be pregnant.
why did the er ra prescribe amoxicillin for acute pharyngitis with only a physical exam?
what is osteoporosis?
i had a small swelling in the right breast is this lymphadenopathy significant
i have lower back and abdominal pain feels similar to the period pains but in between periods?
contraction of the jaw tightening of the skin cannot walk and confined to bed?
what is the prognosis for people with chronic hepatitis c?
are all-in-one shampoo and conditioners as healthy for my hair as washing with separate shampoos and conditioners?
i was wondering how long do pain medications like percocet and hydrocodone stay in your system?
is cipro penicillin based
can a  year old addicted to masturbation have prostate cancer? . i am a  year old guy from india. i have been addicted to masturbation since i was . i once masturbated when i had typhoid and my left testicle enlarged(about thrice). now it's shrunk to a really small size. i sometimes(rarely) have pain in my penis after i masturbate but mostly when i have to pee. no other symptoms. could it be prostate cancer? i mean does it happen to a  year old?
what about driving a car? . john
i am unemployed and without health insurance. what choices can i expect the exchange to provide me with? . i am .
should i worry if i am producing less ejaculate?
my  year old has been sick for a month - fever productive cough fatigue. three different antibiotics. what is it? . today the doctor said he had a clean exam but she acknowledges something is wrong. the fever had been hovering around  for the last several weeks but spiked to .  today. he had a chest crazy and blood work today. no results yet. what is keeping him so sick?
is vagina spasms a sign of early pregnancy? i have been under a lot of stress. is the stress causing these symptoms? . i had my period this month but it was a little shorter than usual. i have not taken a pregnant test because it would be to soon.
i'm experiencing mood swings stress resstlessness tiredness sadnes and lack of motivation. whats going on? .  year old male was sad and tired all winter maybe seasonal affective dissorder. but when spring came i started feeling more stress restlessness and terrible mood swings. get extremely sad suddenly once or twice a day.
is cirrhosis a form of liver cancer
will hydrocone be in a urine test after  days? i'm taking / tonight and will be tested at : monday. i am just curious.
what is heart failure?
can i be pregnant even with spotting. i had a period in may. nothing in june. then for maybe a few hours extremely light spotting in july. me and my husband had sex a lot in those three months. now i have tender breast and my husband said they are a lot bigger and swollen. different then when im ready to start. im sick to my stomach but more towards early evening. the bottom of my stomach feels alittle tight but not hard. i don't really care the very little spotting i had in july and it was like a darker color not red. can i be preg.
when do i start introducing whole milk to my baby
can ibs cause migraines? . i think i might have ibs i've ruled out pregnancy because i've taken  tests that all came back negative but i've been constipated lately and it feels like there is something heavy in my stomach that is really uncomfortable to lay on my stomach i can feel something moving gas maybe and i've been burping a lot lately and stared getting migraines frequently now. my abdomen is swollen and i can't suck in my stomach
i have a problem with my penis. iti been masturbating too much n it became dry i thought it would be a problem so i keep on but it became worst it had heighten up after i peeled the extra skin off my penis n itches has a burning feeling n a lot of moisture surrounding the wound. i haven't had sex n a year but i did have warts before in  and when i had sex i used a condom
im pregnant with an incarcerated uterus doctors dont know what to do with me?
what alternatives are available to the regular pelvic exam for women? . i was wondering whether there is a reliable self administered test one could use to test for hpv and cancerous and precancerous cells. in addition given the relationship between hpv and cervical cancer is a pap smear even necessary if one knows they do not have cervical cancer at the moment and are not participating in any kind of sexual behavior that would expose them to the disease i. e. a change in sexual partners.
i was diagnosed with meningitis in january  i have no relief need second opinion?
peripheral neuropathy my hands are hot cold and tingle and feel like frost bite.
brown in color on the pill but planned parenthood told her it was the lack of good bacteria. true? . she is  years old has had  boyfriends and has lived with the second one for  plus years now. she was having lower abdominal slight pains and a brownish thicker periods. the planned parenthood gave her some medication and ran tests. tests came back ok and they advised her not to drink alcoholic beverages with this  week medication.
i have an old filling that is wearing out and hurts when i eat. is there anything i can do to delay refilling the tooth?
if i have only had a herpes outbreak on my butt can it show up on my penis?
what is coreg cr taken for?
what causes postpartum depression?
what causes nausea and vomiting after eating in a teenage male. my son is  and has had this issue before he was given nexium. he was not able to take that medicine and it was changed to something similar. it did help and he was on it for about a month. he didn't need it for a while and now the nausea and occasional vomiting after eating has started again.
what can cause a  year old boy's head of hair to change from black to reddish brown in a matter of hours? . my  year old was playing in the back yard but then started having a slight headache. when he came inside i notice his hair on one side was changing in color from black to light brown i also notice he had what looked like  mosquito bites on his arms. he had no temperature but was feeling a bit fatigued. but we went on to basketball practice none the less. by the end of the evening his entire head of hair was now the color reddish brown.
how does someone get or spread hepatitis?
"she eat my sperm and immediately drink water after that we kiss togehter ans then i suck her vagina can get pregnant? . first she suck my penise and ask her  can i done i your mouth"" she said ""yes"" so done in her mouth. after that she swallow my sperm and drink a water. and we kiss together and then i suck her vagina does it can get pregnant?"
i started feeling nausea i have intense abdominal pain. my abdomen back and sides are sensitive and swollen?
will flagyl treat chlamydia?
"does a normal cbc indicate no bacterial infection such as active syphilis? . visited doctor w/ fever full body somewhat itchy rash. cbc: normal. dx: viral infection rx: rest and fluids. two days later added symptom of sore throat. new cbc also normal; in fact identical. rash now covers all my body except penis and armpits. went home to rest. symptoms fading fever is gone and i am feeling better. but i can't help but wonder if syphilis ""the great imitator"" could be a culprit or would that have caused my cbc to spike with an active infection? thank you!"
my knees keep swelling how can i get rid of it?
for my allergies can i take claritin liquid gels during the day and tylenol severe allergy at night?
what increases the risk of getting benign prostatic hyperplasia bph?
after an appendix is removed from being inflamed can it be cured and put back where it was surgically removed?
i've acid reflux and wanting to know what foods to eat i know what not to intake but what would be the select foods?
is butter casein free?
how to cure premature ejaculation?
used condom pulled out plus plan b; chances of pregnancy? . my ex and i had sex i used a condom and i also pulled out (checked for hole using water none). i got a panic attack (i have anxiety problems) and she took planb an hour after. a week after this she got her period. we broke up during her period and i'm sketched that i couldve gotten her pregnant. she's dating someone now; i just don't want her to get knocked up by someone else and say that i got her pregnant. so please tell me i'm being an idiot and have nothing to worry about.
my  week old only poops every other day and strains to go everyday and nothing what can i do. she doesn't poop everyday she poops every other day and strains all day to poop again but does not poop and grunts what can i do cause she irratible and cranky
i went to an ent. the ent used syringe(metal no spray) to take out some wax i'm wondering if he caused my tinnitus? . i went to an ent. the ent used syringe(metal no spray) to take out some wax i'm wondering if he caused my tinnitus? . also can a wisdom tooth coming in the wrong direction be the cause to my vertigo? it seems to get worse with salt and my hearing was normal.
what kind of painkiller can i take that wont thin my blood. i have fibromyalgia and in a lot of pain. i'm on cumadin due to blood clot's after a surgery i'm currently taking a muscle relaxer called skelaxin for the pain but it doesn't help the pain if taken alone. when i take it with ibuprofen or naproxin it seems to help a lot. can i take either of these pills given the fact that i'm on blood thinner medication? if not what can i take to help pain?
is it possible to get constipated because your body produces too much feces? is there is a disease that causes this? . i've been dealing with ongoing constipation for over a year which has been worsening. it caused me to eat less overtime (recently i've been averaging  calories after exercise) yet if i'm not careful it feels like my digestive tract is completely clogged/full within a span of  hours. for the amount i eat this can't be normal! . i drink senna tea every night to keep it at bay (if i don't i end up with harsh laxatives. ) and fear for impaction. i've tried anything from fiber/water/prunes etc.
i own a small business - after expenses i gross about  thousand - and i have cancer. . what should i do? are there health insurance plans that will cover all my cancer needs?
"how do i lose the last  pounds? i eat relatively health vegetarian and stay active. am not overweight but not ideal. i've been a vegetarian since i was  and love vegetables and naturally low-fat foods. i exercise - times a week and enjoy hiking and walking as well and have since childhood. i've never been overweight but i've never been able to get to my ""ideal"" weight either. i'm '' and . my goal is . the closest i've ever managed was  (and i was practically starving myself). i do have mild hypothyroidism but it's under control. . any advice or notes on something i could change?"
i started getting a pulsing and gnawing sensation in my upper right abdomen?
i've had arthritis and heberden's nodes in my hands for several years. cysts are forming on the nodes. what can i do?
is shingles contagious to unborn babies if my daughter is expecting?
postpartum depression? maybe? . hi there. i had my child  months ago and we live in a different state with no family or friends--husband works alot. i am always so unmotivated. and sad. i would never think or have feelings about hurting myself or others but i just want to get out of this groove. i love my kids and feel no way as if i can not take care of them i miss family and do not hang out with many people these days and also dont exersize i eat fine not too much not to little. can you please let me know any suggestions!?
my daughter has had stomach virus and has had fever for the past three days dr. said let it take its course true?
 mo. old had a  degree fever friday but seemed to break it with meds-now isn't urinating normal-no bw mvmt  dys. he had wet diapers yesterday but not as frequent as normal. his diaper this morning was dry and clean which is very abnormal. he hasn't had a bowel movement since friday. he was drinking milk all day yesterday but wouldn't eat anything substantial. he acts fine just kind of sporatic cranky. his belly and back don't seem to be sensitive or in pain.
what is the predicted maximal heart rate for women?
can you get pregnant after one week being off birth control? . can you get pregnant after one week being off birth control? then having a light period.
why would a doctor prescribe atenolol to treat mild hypothyroidism? . just trying to gain a better understanding of this.
used plan b twice this month. now have vaginal bleeding and lower abdomial pain. not sure whats wrong. any suggestions? . i have had to use plan b twice this month. once for the condom breaking and another for unprotected sexual intercourse. i do have the nuvaring but was waiting for my period to come to insert. i now have vaginal bleeding and lower abdominal pain. i had my regular period about  weeks ago (didnt insert nuva since i had used plan b. was going to wait until next month). i believe it may just be irregular period due to the plan b pill but just wanted an opinion or if i should go to my regular dr.
how often does an a person with epilepsy have seizures
what is delirium?
can cold sores spread to my genitals by wiping after using the bathroom? . i get cold sores. i try to be super careful when i have them as i know they are contagious. i wash my hands constantly. i refrain from kissing of any kind. but i fear coming in contact with my own genitals. what about wiping myself after the bathroom? what if i have an itch down there that i scratch? how long can the hsv- virus live on my hand if i touch my cold sore?
my husband has stomach cancer he refused treatment now he is unable to eat solid food?
my  / year old daughter has been getting a little bruise looking purplish rash on her earlobe for about a year?
should i use diflucan since burning and itching fromusing monistat is unbearable
twice this week i got a mind-numbing headache during sex. should i be concerned?
i have lump on breast hospital refused to do the mammogram?
weird bump on skin that changed from pink to brown and developed a sore it is firm and not painful. what could it be? . this bump developed a few years ago. it doesn't hurt but sometimes the skin around it gets very sensitive and feels like it's burning. it doesn't hurt but it has changed color and it developed a wound when i don't remember injuring myself there. it kind of worries me. any idea?
can using metronidazole gel affect results of a pregnancy test? . i am on my last day of using metronidazole gel and i was supposed to start my period on //. i am currently  days late. i have done  at home pregnancy tests one early detection one and the other not an early one. the other urine one was done at a dr. office. i was wondering if this gel can effect results of a pregnancy test.
i have  swollen lymph nodes does that mean hiv? even if i tested negarive after a year of unproctected sex? plz help. this lumps that may be swollen lymph nodes have been there for a long time. could it be cancer? or hiv? or could it be a reaction to the herpes infection i have <negative_smiley> someone please help me
my son who is  months old does not communicate?
searing gnawing burning pain in low back and sacrum region/
does the vagina need to be shaved prior to a lapriscopic hystrectomy
i had unprotected sex with my girlfriend. (read description). im  percent sure i didnt ejaculate. she's  days late on her period. is she pregnant? and if she gets it within a day or  could she still be pregnant?
what disease or health problem has a symptom of when you get angry you cry? . when i get angry i will start crying. i cant stop it either. i cant get mad. i just start crying and people think i am sad but i am actually mad.
i was diagnosed with plantar fasciitis ten years ago i was injectead with corticosteroids
after undergoing treatments and surgery for my stage iiia colorectal cancer is it likely that it will come back again?
i'm a  year old women i weigh  and cholesterol at  my knee been replace what exercise can i do to lose weigh?
been experiencing a warm/pain sensation in my left pectoral that tends to radiate occasionally across my shoulder?
will melatonin cause a positive urine drug test?
i felt like electric shock like feeling which became sharp on my left chest?
when should i call my doctor about high blood pressure?
do breastfed babies have larger heads and bigger brains?
is there any way to speed up a cold once you feel one coming on?
menometrorrhagia after . my wife is  and she is not pregnant but she has abnormal intervals of her menstrual cycle but she gets spotty and bleeds more frequently between the cycles and it's every  days
its been since august   and i have had issues. the incision in my bellybutton keeps spliting open infection. my dr. told me no it is not infection! did nothing! everything i try to eat even (one) bite. it feels like a rubber band is snapping inside! when i sleep on my left side everything on the right settles i feel something moving! there is an egg sized (? ) in the center between my navel and ribs. what could possibly cause the snapping feeling and what could possibly be moving inside me? kind of freaked out especially when my dr. who is a ta says nothing is wrong. i was  when this all began i am under  lbs i am   and nothing tastes good smells good and i'm nausious all the time.
excessive face and head sweating
 weeks pregnant due jan . last period april . had sex may  and on april  during cycle. whose father? . i did pregnancy calculator i'm guessing it's about % may  but still nervous. jan  minus  weeks equals april   but had sex on may . but than also took a plan b pill on may  (about  hrs later) and still got pregnant.
my husband wants me to have oral sex will i get sick if he comes in my mouth. i was physically and sexually abused as a child. my husband knows about this. he has asked if i would preform oral sex for him will i get sick if he comes in my mouth? are there germs that can also make me sick. when i was forced to do this as a child and my dad crammed his dick in my mouth and came i threw up and began to chock. i was also afraid that i would get pg.
what exams and tests help doctors to evaluate or test people for type  diabetes recently diagnosed?
has gallbladder removed er surgery for herniated and obstructed intestine and a gastric bypass hands now blue?
do hernias usually develop on both sides of the body?
could i be pregnant if i got my period the day after unprotected sex? . the  of august  was the  day of my lmp. just the very next day after unprotected sex. on the  of september i had unprotected sex again but with a different partner. today i took a hpt due to missing my period and it came back positive. the question i have is is there any way of knowing which night of poor choices made i conceived? please help or give input if able!
is there something i can do to stop my hair from turning white so early and so fast?
help! progesterone level .  in  weeks pregnancy. i am on week  of pregnancy. in recent blood work my progesterone level is .  and i am on medication for that. my doctor feels that this level is low. did anyone have this similar situation and carry on to have successful pregnancy? because i am really scared.
i have adult polycyclic kidney disease ache in lower abdomen is it normal?
i had my appendix removed about nine years ago ive been having pains every since?
can sinusitis trigger asthma?
am i pregnant? i had sex. and while we were having sex the condom broke. he didn't ejaculate but he said that there was a little bit of precum in the condom. the next day i bought the plan b pill. then  days laters i started vaginal bleeding for two days then it stopped for a day then started for a day again. during this time i took a pregnancy test and the results were negative. two weeks later i took another one and it was negative. this month my period is late so i took another pregnancy test and it was negative.
how can i protect my skin from dryness this winter?
my six year old cut himself with rusty nail now cannot bend easily – is it tetanus?
implanon expired a month ago can i be pregnant. hey i have had the implanon for  it was due to be taking out a month ago but i had a issue with my insurance and i still have it in my arm and for about a week now i am experiencing very tender breast i have a increase in thirst i'm tired a lot and i'm making frequent stops to the bathroom and i still have not received my period since last month i took two pregnancy test but they came out neg. is it possibly that i could be pregnant
ive been having headaches for about  years now losing sight in my left eye?
testerone cream locally to help heal sprained wrist. rice pt and removible cast inefficitive. x-rays neg.  monthsnow. i am a nurse who has been off work since this occured. would to get clearance to return to work. i want to know if the testosterone cream will help the healing i am a male.
what can i do to keep my sexual partner from suffering ill effects from my meds? . my partner is very sensitive to one of the meds i take. short of condoms what can we do to prevent him from coming in contact with the med through my fluids?
do steroids help or hurt bone spurs? . i have a bone spur on my wrist. i am also being treated for tendonitis in the same spot. i am getting a steroid treatment on that spot. it looks to me that the bone spur has grown. is it possible the steroid treatment has made it grow?
i was choked now have difficulty swallowing soar throat and feel pressure?
"what are ""onlays"" and ""/ crowns""?"
how can i prevent colorectal cancer?
i had a surgical abortion i have concerns about my future fertility?
does taking an antibiotic make mirena ineffective?
tumor on lung pet scan show suspicious but no cancer diagnsis what cam it be?
what are the early symptoms of pregnancy? . i had sex on the  of may also was ovulating at the time and was wondering what are the early signs of pregnancy?
i have been exercising and started a heart smart diet now my feet stay cold. what should i do? . a couple of years ago i went to the er with chest pains. i was diagnosed with gerd. i was also given a stress test and was told that i had a healthy heart but that my triglycerides were high and that i should lose some weight. i was  years old '  at the time. over the course of the couple of years i started the process of trying to get my health back. i have been quit smoking for over a year. i have brought my weight down by exercising and a meditereanean diet. now  '  lbs.
i suffered a severe concussion arm now paralyzed?
my  yr. old has a painful swollen lymph node in armpit & hematocrit level of .  on antibiotic  days and not better? . female antibiotic is bactrim no skin irritation where lymph node is swollen seems extra tired and bruising easily quite painful for it to be touched or for her to put her arm all the down and lift all the way up. she's had a problem all together about  weeks now.
i have an uncomfortable feeling in my stomach on a daily basis now. i will feel full for no reason?
does ms weaken the immune system? . when i was initially diagnosed as having ms -  years ago - i was told to be very careful if i got minor illnesses such as colds and that it would be easier for me to get infections. . has the enormous amount of subsequent research shown this to be true? . i have relapsing-remitting ms which slows me down and makes me tired wobbly. i only use vitamin d modafinil to give me more energy and clonazepam to help with the spasms that are difficult at night. thank you in advance for your answer.
if i have already had the flu this season should i get a flu shot?
what are the differences between trilipix and lopid?
have vaginal discharge and pain gynecologist doesnt believe staph infection what do i do next?
having problems with major joint pain all over my body?
im only  but experiencing health issues associated with elderly people?
chronic mucus head cold symptoms since /?
my household got the flu this past week and my son was with his sister sun/ mon she got the flu can we get it again?
mom gets sever chills shaking and diahrea after eating certain foods comes on randomly. had pancreatic cancer is clear. my mom () has had bouts of chills sever shaking diarrhea. and feels completely drained after these bouts and at times vomits this lasts a day after she has eaten something. she had the whipple surgery for pancreatic cancer  years ago and has had chemo and radiation. and all scans and blood work has come back good shows no sign of cancer or infections in blood work. white blood cells were a little off but the doctor did not seem concerned. these bouts are more frequent. please help. thanks
can a z-pack trigger an alergic reaction. i was never allergic to a medication before but  days ago went thru a c-section. i suffered complications and had to receive multiple transfusions and had to get opened back up in order to stop the bleeding cause by a boggy uterus. i was taking percocet ibuprofen iron and stool softner ad recently switched out the percocet for vicotin and started a z pack. i started having either hives or a rash that is severly itchy on my and now have achy joints. what could be the cause?
can you develop genital warts if you have not been sexually active recently? . i am  years old and just developed these warts recently. they are on my shaft and have a red color. i did not believe they were genital warts as i have not been sexually active in the past  years. i spoke to my primary care physician and he referred me to a dermatologist who diagnosed me with hpv/ genital warts. . i am very worried as these are developing after not being sexually active. is this uncommon? is there any other way i could have gotten the hpv?
i really want to start having children but dont want to rely on birth control to regulate my cycle?
what are complex migrains. i had an incident at work where my right arm went numb i had problem speaking for a few seconds and felt like i might faint. i was in the hospital for  days undergoing stroke tests. i was diagnosed with complex migrains and was told that it produces stroke symptoms. what exactly or as close as i can get is a complex migraine and how can i treat it without medication?
what should i tell my doctor before and during treatment with emend for injection?
period brings diarrhea pain nausea and sweating during first few days. i am in my mid-'s and have had three children. for the past few years i have at least one day in the early days of my period where i have diarrhea nausea sweating panic and pain. it comes in waves starting with an urge to go to the bathroom then all hits at once once i pass bm it goes away. once an hour for -. my doctors tell me i likely have endo though i have not had the lap and i do have resolving cysts. no bc as i have bad reactions. i'm looking for causes and solutions.
i am on the pill and a condom was used. pregnant? . i have been on the pill for over  years. i am pretty good with taking it on time but occasionally i will forget a day but immediately take it when i realize ive missed it. last weekend saturday i was about an hour late taking my bc. the next day i had sex. he was wearing a condom. a week later getting cramps and what not like a period. i usually take the pills continuously but i am scared so i am going to let myself have a period hopefully. i'm about to start the sugar pills today.
my pain doctor did a saliva drug test on me last month and revealed use of oxycodone and he prescribes me ms cotin. i am also prescribed ult-ram  - time daily. neurontin   daily. adderrall   daily seroquel  mg  daily. clonopin   times daily and also tizantadine   or  mg  at night and morpine  mg er  daily and morphine  mg regular  x daily. could this saliva drug test show up as a negative for non morphine use and a positive for oxycodone?
diagnosed with a benign ovarian cyst around  clinic wants to do full hysterectomy need second opinion?
do i have melanoma. how likely is it that this is melanoma?
my wife is  and was diagnosed with afib  years ago is it advisable for her to be on a statin medication now? . . her health has been good in general except for age related issues like arthritis and some hearing loss. she has never had any heart problems before the afib never any high blood pressure high cholesterol or anything else. her last cholesterol level was  triglyceride  hdl  non-hdl cholesterol  and ldl . i would like to know what the recommendation is for a person with this profile. should they be taking a statin medication as a prophylactic measure? .
i use the vivelle estrogen patch and they're very expensive. i found some that expired. can i still use them?
what happens when dying starts to occur? . had feeling from my head slowly and heavily went down my body to my feet. . felt disoriented. i had gotten out of bed went to bathroom coming back is when this happened. never have i felt this before.
what are the symptoms of dementia?
how to control my high blood pressure?
what is the hybrid flu?
should i go to the doctor? . when i was young i went to the doc for asthma & i got an inhaler. i am now  in optimal physical health (going to the gym / days a week for .  hours each) & i haven't used my inhaler since i was  or so. and while my body is in shape enough to handle cardio i can't breathe after about  minutes of running. so badly that i have to stop running bc my lungs feel like they are closing. i don't know if this is a normal reaction to cardio or if it's my asthma coming back. should i go to the doctor?
extremely intense heartburn everytime i drop weight. any ideas? . two times i dropped  and two times i had ongoing extremely intense heartburn (based on a doctor's medical opinion) beneath my lower sternum. everytime i put the weight back on heartburn is gone. the pain was  times more intense than the kidney stone pain i endured. i cannot live that way but i want to lose weight. there's an article on webmd that explains losing weight helps against heartburn but that's not at all true for me. any ideas?
i have vomited every night shift in a strange way starting to accept this vomiting as normal?
could light colored or watery blood be a sign of anemia? . my blood looks light red rather than bright red it seems thin it won't even completely stain a white t-shirt. my spouse has much thicker darker blood by comparison.
"i am not overweight at all but i still want to lose about  pounds. i eat healthy and exercise often. what can i do? . i am young and only '"". after coming to college i gained some weight and i would like to lose about  pounds. i do a vigorous exercise - times a week and i eat pretty healthy. how awful would it be if i took weight loss supplements and what else can i do to lose the weight?"
when do i need to be concerned about diarrhea in an infant?
i've had tinnitus for  years in my left ear. suddenly i have tinnitus in my right ear and my left ear is fine. how? . i went to doctors got hearing tests got mri's etc. the doctors said it was just inner ear damage (even though i listened to music at a low volume and had never been to a concert). after  years suddenly my other ear is ringing and my left ear is fine (i tested this by making soft noises on my left side that i hadn't been able to hear). i am confused about how suddenly my ears decided to trade tinnitus. does this mean i have brain tumor after all? . and yes i know i should see a doctor.
what is the treatment for osteoporosis and can osteoporosis be prevented?
can eating ice cream have a negative effect on my cholesterol?
can you be pregnant with no morning sickness or sore boobs? . i'm  and my last period was august  . i'm having all of the symptoms of being pregnant except sore boobs and morning sickness. can i still be pregnant? i was tested for menopause but was told i wasn't in it. i thought i had a yeast infection but was treated with diflucan but still have a white discharge but no itching pain or smell
could you advise on my tiredness weakness and faint feeling following viral infection?
any advice for migraines during menstruation? . i've recently ( or  years) been having trouble with migraines during menstruation. taking iron helps but i have to take a lot (% dv or more). it only worries me because the doctors i've told about it are confused as to why iron would work but they said that if it does i should just keep taking it. but the migraines are starting earlier (several days before my period) and staying longer and need more iron to get rid of them. is there something else that could be causing this?
what are the ingredients kids absolutely need in toothpaste?
i was told my ongoing chest pain is not cardiac related need second opinion?
how long do ear tubes stay in?
for the last month i have had pain on both sides of my ribs on the back side?
lying down flat and lifting up my head my stomach bulges in the center from my chest to my navel and is very soft. my ab muscles are hard on either side but the center is bulging and soft. is this normal or is this some kind of hernia?
herpes outbreak on my lower back. preferences
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of calcet?
what are the risk factors for coronary atherosclerosis and heart disease?
i have been splitting my pills to save money is this safe?
how make my eyes stay shut while am sleeping. when i am sleeping my eyes are half way open. what can i do.
can conjunctivitis in your eye happen from a common cold? . have had a common cold that started  days ago. woke up this morning with my eye stuck shut from discharge. is this caused by my cold or do i need to see a doctor for medication? from what i have read it sounds like this might be something that will clear up on it's own since i am pretty sure it is related to my cold.
what could cause me to be almost impossible to wake up in the mornings?
how much sodium should i have a day?
is it safe to drink a few beers with adderall in my system?
how is copper superior to other antimicrobial surfaces? how is copper superior to other antimicrobial surfaces? . i recently came across a scientific blog which was titled copper kills . % of bacteria within two hours!  well i initially thought it was just a media hype; however with further research it came out to be quite true.
can i be pregnant? my last period was on /<negative_smiley>. my boyfriend ejaculated in me on //. now my period didn't come. my period was suppose to come on // but i'm late. i have always been regular never been late in my life.
what are the risk factors for transient ischemic attack or tia?
i was given a drug in the hospital that was like an ibuprofen that started with a t. does anyone what it could be
can medications pass from one person to another through mucous membranes oral or skin contact or sexual contact?
right eye vision got dark then small lights started shooting around then vision came back in  seconds. what was this? . i have a scheduled primary care doctor appointment tomorrow morning been scheduled for awhile. should i call for an immediate visit now or wait until tomorrow. i am diabetic with high blood pressure and cholesterol. all medicated. what did i experience?
can you remove your eye and lay it on your cheek a lot of people seem to think you can
i recently switched from the iud to bc what are the chances that i am pregnant? . i had my period two days after iud removal and started the bc on that following day.
i have swelling of the paratoid gland face is noticeably swollen on the right side?
my daughter has cough. shall i give her dexona?
could i be pregnant even with a negitive pregnancy test? . i had unprotected sex on may  and june . my period started june  it started out with brown spotting and the second day it was a little heavy but not nearly as bad as usual. after the heavy day it was light pink spotting only when i whipped for two days. i have been having lower stomach cramps and feeling like i'm going to be sick. my nipples have also been hurting and i've have been emotional. i took a test on june  and it was negative.
i had sex on my ovulation day but used pull out method could i still be pregnant? . i had sex the day before and the day of ovulation (using the pull out method) about  days later i started getting weird pains on the right side of my body and lower back pains. i'm expecting my period in a few days and these aren't normal symptoms i have for my period. could i possibly have gotten pregnant? thanks in advance for any help!
i have a constant dull pain in my right upper chest about even with my armpit?
can a stroke victim take tylenol pm. i am on a blood thinner warfarin i think and i'm having a hard tie falling to sleep now. my stroke was  years ago if that matters.
"i have  year-old male relative with memory loss for about  year. herbal supplement called ""constant focus"" works? . person has difficulty remembering past events/people when carrying out conversation and loses train of thought. hasn't tried any medications or herbal supplements before. . thanks."
how can i use fresh cranberries?
what is difference between hydrocodone and codeine?
how can i make lighter smoothies?
i was hiy by a car when i was  why is one calf growing bigger than the other?
are headaches a side effect of taking citalopram?
our fertility doctor suggests an ultrasound abdominal vessels procedure need second doctor opinion?
what causes genital warts human papillomavirus?
can you tell if you are pregnant with multiples?
"baby has diaper rash turned yeast infection. no dr for  days! any otc or ""tricks"" to try? she is so uncomfortable!"
what are the long term side effects of taking hydrocodone/acetaminophen tablets?
my urine test shows leukocytes   erythrocytes and i had some epithelial cells?
i have  kids tuebs tied  years ago lately i have handaces morning sickness very tired can i be pargent
can low blood pressure cause motion sickness? . i have been feeling dizzy when i get up from bed and in the car if i'm not driving i get motion sick. i am not currently pregnant so i'm not sure what might be causing this.
my  old weighs only .  lbs and has had diarrhea for  weeks what tests could be done to help determine the cause. after the first week i took her to the doctor and they diagnosed her with ear infections. she started augmentin a week later i took her back because she was still having diarrhea and loss of apetite and fevers ranging from .  - .  rectally. her wbc was .  and they said it was probably a virus. now another week has passed and she isn't better. no fevers that i have noticed but she is having watery bowel movements about  times a day and is only eating about  oz of formula a day.
i am suffering from sleep disorders for the past  year having bags/dark circles breakouts on skin what to do? . i guess it's insomnia i usually wake up with a headache i have tried some over the counter medicines for sleep but i don't want to take them forever. the break outs on skin and the dark circles stress me and depress me even more tried some eye gels but they don't go i think what i need is sleep. i try to go to bed by :- and wake up by :- am. i always sleep late and wake up before the alarm rings so i get very little sleep tried reading book also. please help
i use antibacterial toothpaste and i've noticed that it contains triclosan.
what birth control would be right for me? . ok so to make it short me and my boyfriend have decided to have sex when we move in together after high school and its my first time i cant swallow a pill and am pretty forgetful at that. i am thinking about the depo prevara shot but im concerned with some side effects and my family has had bad expierences with the iud methods i was wondering what birth control would be right for me
. fever of - has not broke in . with tylenol. won't eat. only  of fluid intake. what should i do? . my  month old has had a fever of -. it has not broken within  hrs. even with tylenol. she has had at least  of fluid intake and will not eat. she is not active; just wants to be held and sleeps. she seems very weak. i am concerned. not sure if i should take her to the er. what should i do?
i have a weird problem whole face becomes swollen and red
is it dangerous to take  of ibuprofen in one day to prevent altitude sickness
i suffer fromswollen lymph nodes joint pain ringing in my ears is it rheumatic heart disease?
lately i have a very funny feeling in my chest almost like a soft shock?
what are the symptoms of paget's disease of the nipple?
what are the treatments for shingles?
i am  weeks prenant and having vaginal pain. is this normal?
i had accident whiplash pain in shoulder and collar bone?
how is arthritis diagnosed and why is a diagnosis important?
i have pain in my throat but only when i swallow. it feels like a lump above my adam's apple. what could it be? . i also have difficulty getting food down because of the pain. i tried cold medicine and rub on my chest but nothing has helped. i could not get in to my doctor and he is out of town for a month. please help!
after finishing antibiotics for an infected pilonidal cyst i still have some pain in the area. is it still infected? . i'm just wondering if a pilonidal cyst can cause pain even when it is not infected. or if the pain means there is still an infection and i should try another round of a different antibiotic.
my concern is for certain prescription medications i need being on the health insurance companies' formularies. i have also heard that most of the hospitals in the atlanta area are not on any of the marketplace plans.
itchy dry foreskin on circumcised male. i am a  yr old and was circumcised at birth. . the skin left over has one patch that from time to time is very itchy with an almost burning sensation. seems to come and go. it's a small patch of skin that feels very dry. has been the case for around  months. . is this an std?
hi i am suffering from shingles i got this one day ago very painful?
i have feet pain. i want to cry when i stand back up they hurt on a scale of  no one knows why?
i got first shot of depo in  in the morning and we had sex in the  at night is shot works immediately? . i was wondering because pregnancy for now is not an option. . and also i would like to ask after your first shot how long it will be effective in your body that you are % protective? . before i was taking depo but i always had my menstruation every month but this time i dont had my means.
will antibiotics help bronchial pneumonia
i took my infant to the doctor for hives. about how long should i wait to take him back if hives worse?
what anticipatory actions/needs should a ma take when a patient comes to the office with hand foot mouth diseade?
i had tummy tuck  years ago now need cholecystectomy?
permanent swollen lymph nodes after mononucleosis. is something wrong? . about a year ago i had mono and my lymph nodes in my neck and groin swelled as is common but even now close to a year later they are still rock hard. i can't seem to find this problem anywhere online.
i am having frequent pvcs and yet my doctor says not to worry?
do other foods trigger migraines and headaches?
my vaginal opening is white color. when i masterbate i notice a slightly clumpy white discharge on my finger. no itching. i am  and recently had sex for the first time and had sex about three times within about two months. there is no burning itching or discomfort. the white clumpy discharge has a slight odor. i am mostly concerned about my vaginal opening being white. i thought it might be discharge and tried wiping it but it is the flesh that is white. no bumps or warts. please help.
is beaver safe to eat during pregnancy?
how can i handle my sister who is not helping me care for our dad who has alzheimer's disease?
ribs was broken in a car accident over a year ago but my ribs still aches
i have retro peritoneal fibrosis with an aortic aneurysm?
can doing facial exercises help relieve wrinkles?
i ate an undercook/raw scallop at a restaurant. should i be worried? what should i do?
i have a samll white pimple inside bottom portion of my lip couls it be herpes?
ive read that coconut oil is antifungual. now ive heard it fights of yeast but what about other bacteria in the uterus. . i know theirs both good and bad bacteria in the uterus i'm curious if it can cause a un-balance?
how can i get pregnant if i have polycystic ovary syndrome (pcos)?
should i be worried if they can't see the baby i'm about sixs week pregnant. i just found out i'm pregnant i'm about  wks far along doctor did a vaginal ultrasound and couldn't see anything. he asked for some lab work. should i be concern about this? i have some spotting going on and that worries me. should i be concern?
what is the difference between osteoporosis and scoliosis?
i'm experiencing mood swings stress resstlessness tiredness sadnes and lack of motivation. whats going on? .  year old male was sad and tired all winter maybe seasonal affective dissorder. but when spring came i started feeling more stress restlessness and terrible mood swings. get extremely sad suddenly once or twice a day.
i have a keloid on my ear on my cartilage how do i get rid of it?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of banophen?
what antiboitcs are ok to take for severe cold/flu symptoms if you are currently taking methadone? . my mother-in-law is a nurse for uab er st. vincent's st. clair er and omniflight helicopter. i have been sick for right at about a week now and my mother-in-law got me a z-pak from the hospital to take. before taking it we looked up the drug interactions and if you take z-pak with methadone there is a high risk for an irregular heart rhythm. so we are trying to figure out what antibiotics i can take or even just a list of the ones i can't take. the dr. at clinic is never there or i'd ask him.
i'm  months pregnant. dr. told me to have protein shakes. which once? any suggestions for safe once out there. i need to know if there are any protein shakes which are safe to have in pregnancy.? please suggest?
what the right way to clean the oily skin on my face?
do i have to meet the family deductible before my health insurance starts paying anything?
should i stay at home if i have a cold?
how do you erase age spots on the face at the age of ?
pregnancy complications after bj. in the morning my girlfriend actually wanked me out and i ejaculated in tissues. throughout the whole day i urinated for only once and after that at night she started giving me a bj(without ejaculation but i supposed with some pre cum) then we actually french kissed and i started licking her private part. . this was our first time doing and she and i are actually virgin. can i know whats the likelihood of her being pregnant? i am really stressed out as i am afraid that she will be pregnant.
can laser treatments help with hair loss?
my front tooth is very sensitive to cold drinks. i don't want a silver tooth if i have a cavity. what are my options?
should i write a will when i have breast cancer?
a cotton swab tip broke off and seems to got past my eardrum and is caught in my inner ear canal. is this possible?
can a mother with autism raise a child
how can a hernia be mistaken for a testicular disease?
when are seizures not epilepsy?
what is an addictive disease and why is smoking considered an addictive disease?
i have been dealing with a shaking sensation when my muscles are under stress/load?
my  month old boy is having seizures is eptoin (phenytoin) the right treatment?
weakness after sex. i am male.  years old. not diabetic. .  m high.  kg weight. no allergy. taking seroxat cr  daily for my social phobia. no high blood pressure. no disease. after having sex i feel sluggish and lack energy for two days. what should i do to feel ok after sex. should i eat or drink something right after sex? or in the morning at breakfast. please help
how is hyperthyroidism treated?
is metronidazole in the penicillin family?
what caused my fever blister when i dont date or eat after anyone i do work in housekeeping though could i have got it
"causes of dysuria other than std or uti. im a  male who went to the urgent care center on  for dysuria and they did a urine culture and which came back negative for a uti and they sent off a sample to check for std's. im . % sure that the std panel will come back negative. also about a week ago i had sex and used a different type of lubricant is a week after the ""act"" to long after to say that my dysuria can be caused by chemical irritation from using that lube? there is not any discharge either."
length of drugs in system. how long does vicoden stay in your system? (need a negative drug test)
how to get pregnant with pcos. have just been diagnosed with pcos and desperately want a child. what are my treatment options.
 weeks pregnant. safe to take medications?
am i allergic to poison ivy?
can antibiotic cephalexin cause blue veins to appear in forhead. i just started taking cephalexin  after minor operation. blue veins appeared in my forehead could this be reaction to drug? if not is is serious? . @aol. com
for reasons i can not discuses i may have gotten a tiny peice of electrical tape in my bum had  enemas am i okay?
if you are allergic to codeine can you use bactroban topical?
how can older adults get started exercising?
my  year old son went from a fever of  to a body temp of . . should i be worried?
diagnosed with a benign ovarian cyst around  clinic wants to do full hysterectomy need second opinion?
i'm  old male. my penis burns a lot while masturbating and after ejaculation. i am  old. my penis started to burn a lot while masturbating and after ejaculation from last one month. usually i refrained from masturbating for one week due to pain but still it reoccurs when i masturbate. i'm uncircumcised. there's a burning sensation at the base of head of penis during masturbating and goes after after few minutes. i' masturbating from last  and this is the first time i'm facing this problem.
im  and losing my hairwhy?
could my saliva cause my wife to get a yeast infection in her vagina?
my  rib pulled out of place is there a medical procedure to put it back?
my daughter has hypotonea what can i do to help her core muscles?
i think my son took xanax. if i test him how long after could it show? don't want to waste the money if its been to long. i suspect my son taking xanax a week ago. will i be wasting my money on a test if i do a home test now. can he still show positive if he did take xanax after a week?
i feel worn out cant sleep nauseous and cold?
how long should your child stay home when they have influenza b?
i have seizures taking ant-seizure medication now have abnormal headaches?
can fungal infection cause low grade fever?
ive got bulimia and im on lamictal for bipolar disorder i now have mushroom looking lumps on my tongue?
i have a cerbaseous cyst on my back that has developed an infection?
i have the nexplenon birth control im in pain?
is it normal to have a blue ring around edge of eyeballs?
does a contraceptive pill affect periods?
after start of treatment how long is pink eye contagious
what can i do if i already have lymphedema?
will healthcare. gov let me look at different coverage options or can i only buy one government plan?
i have had pain and tingling on the left side of the middle of my back and the mri was normal. whats causing this pain? . the pain is around where my bra strap lays on the left side. the slightest touch causes burning pain. they put me on a muscle relaxer but it is not doing and good. i feel like i am tazed over and over in the same spot. i cant lay on my back and i can barely wear a bra. i am not getting any answers from my doctor. she says its muscle spasms. i don't believe it because nothing makes it go away. please help me!
can you smoke while using nicoderm patches
what is hiv (human immunodeficiency virus)?
i just got the implanon after about  months of being on loestrin. is it now safe to not use condoms?
how to treat a temperature that is low - degrees
i have hard pulse in neck artery numb ear pressure feeling neck numbness?
is it true that sitting on cold concrete can cause damage to your ovaries resulting in fertility problems? . or kidney problems? and what is the reason this can or cannot happen. . thank you.
"boyfriend took an otc male sex pill ""night bullet"" having a reaction he alright but when to take him to the hosp"
i have  kids. i have a  day cycle every month. i am currently  days late i am obese. can i be pregnant? . i had an iud from / until / i had it removed because of discomfort. i have not been using any other method of bc. i have psoriasis moderately to severe. i took a digital pregnancy test on tuesday morning and it was negative. could i still be pregnant? i take metoprolol could that make my period late?
what is the single best thing i can do to keep my skins youthful appearance?
have severe lower backpain left and right side no solution from doctors?
could i be preg. or is it something more serious? . overly tired moodiness cramps nausea and heartburn. last men. nov.  last time of sex nov.  spotting on dec. . still no period this month and negative on a home preg. test on dec. . when should i get a blood test? and could this be something more serious? i have had a history of ovarian cysts (a little over a year ago) have not had any rupture since then i also have not been to my obgyn since then.
"diagnosis- hidradenitis suppurativa- large and painful boils in the groin area. considering injections. success rate? . this condition started  years ago and exacerbated with shaving. it is extremely painful cannot be improved with excessive hygiene is embarrassing has resulted in multiple scars and had a psychological effect on me also. i am considering the injections. my dr. said it's botox but i read that it's antibiotic. i just want it to go away! sometimes the boils last - weeks. can it be permanently cured or go into a ""remission period""? it's so gross!"
what happens to someone when they get migraine headaches?
i just got  piercings done like  days ago. my cartilage and in between the cartilage and lobe piercings i have. i'm experiencing some swelling in the back of my ear where the back piece is. i clean it  times a day but it all of a sudden started hurting. at the moment it's kinda throbbing. where the piercing is it's a little warm and when i touch it it hurts. it makes me wanna take out my piercing
my son was suspected of cf last year but a sweat test was normal. we are not sure though as we have recently heard you can still carry the gene and get it later as a kid and that he should have gene testing. he is small for age and we have had him to an ent and immunologist for this nose/throat clearing that is sometimes all day long. he did have a few sinus infections and tried many many meds to dry him up and shrink nasal passages but they did nothing. just had him there yesterday and once again lot's of thick clear junk in his nose per the dr. do you think we should bother getting tested?
if a pill is missed would an ovulation test be proof enough for me to still have sex and not get pregnant?
about  days after being raped my gums started to swell do i have herpes?
i suffered a major left sided hemiparesis in july  i started suffering from violent muscle spasms in my left quads muscles?
tiny holes in upper ear lobe that leak clear liquid. infant was bor with tiny holes in upper part of ear lobe-now @  months its leaking a clear liquid at times--hould i be concerned?
i am  and take / an otc sleep aid. when i wake up at  a. m. i can't get back to sleep. am i doing myself harm?
how can light levels improve my sleep?
when can i use an iud?
should i get a psa if i have bph? . i am white and  years old. my dad is  and has never been diagnosed with prostate cancer only bph.
i was hiy by a car when i was  why is one calf growing bigger than the other?
what might be the possible cause of pain in the lower left side of back and stomach?
what happens if i gain too much or too little during pregnancy?
i have a sore throat and when i blow my nose hard a thick gooey mucus mixed with blood come out. what could it be? . sore throat get worse when i swallow or even yawn fever on and off and thick gooey mucus/blood doesn't always come out when i blow my nose.
i have metastatic stage  gastrointestinal cancer want to try hemp oil or cannabis oil?
i have had a cold for the last  weeks is it really a cold or is it something else? . cough (varies from non productive to productive). nasal congestion. headache. i have already been on antibiotics. i do have asthma.
i have been with my boyfriend now for eight years and it seems like he would rather take care of him self.
i recentlyhad food poisoning. could my body have flushed out the good bacteria as well as the bad? . i feel better but i still have symptoms including:. i'm very gassy (both farts and burps). runny stool (consistently yellowish). burbling and gurgling from my intestines. frequent defecation. what can i do to get back to normal?
female age  diagnosed with normocytic anemia what can cause this?
is an occasional glass of wine safe while breastfeeding?
what will happen if a male wears a bra for /  for two months. please get back to us she is waiting to find out she said her husband told her that the doctor told him to wear one for / days a week
my doctor gave me tussionex suspension. can i take mucinex dm with it at the same time?
what is gerd (gastroesophageal reflux disease)?
i brush my teeth twice daily. even then my teeth are yellow. what to do?
enlarged prostate. what is the treatment for an enlarged prostate?
how can i get my husband to quit smoking now that i am pregnant? . we were both smokers before i got pregnant and when we found out i quit cold turkey but he has no desire to quit and it is very important to me because i don't want him to be smoking after the baby is born and i don't want to start smoking again either which i know will be much harder if he doesn't quit as well. i have told him very many reasons to quit but he just says he is a man and can make his own decisions and he is a smoker. he gives me many excuses i dont know what to do!
i am struggling with stretch marks my skin is horribly damaged?
my wife pulled both calf muscles in a triathlon  weeks ago. one of her calves still hurts. what should she do?
how can i treat an earache?
i quit smoking  days ago. i smoked - a day. will the continine show up in my blood test when i go for it?
daughter diagnosed with gastroperesis. what can she do to help her digest her food.
which foods are good sources of antioxidants?
could i be pregnant? ! . i had a baby  weeks ago but had sex on valentine's day (before  weeks is up) but my hubby didn't ejaculate inside me. could i still be pregnant? sorry im just nervous. thanks in advance!
i've been eating salads(no cheese) okra and asparagus and drinking about - of water/day and constipated. i'm not sure what else to do. i eat vegetables(brocoli spinach asparagus okra pickles cucumbers tomatoes) and egg whites with a drop of olive oil and i drink tons of water. i mean i drink a lot of water. i weigh  and drink between - a day. i exercise regularly and don't drink. i go for - without pooping and then i will have a painful hard poop the size of a newborn baby. any advice? . i'm also very bloated and pee all of the time.
can i be prescribed medical marijuana if im pregnant for severe nausua and chronic pain?
could minor surgery cause signs of multiple sclerosis exacerbation such as clumsiness dizziness and muscle spasms?
im breast feeding can i smoke marijuana?
oral sex with my husband my mouth react as if i was allergic like latex palat tongue lips swell condom or diabetes(? ). this has happened a few times and he swears he isn't cheating but it has reminded of me something strong my mouth reacts very fast. could he have some type of condition w/proteins? diabetes or am i being fooled by a cheater who uses condoms? i need the truth. i know he has lied to my face and i am having a hard time believing this isn't caused by a condoms.
is it okay to have sex if i have shingles?
ive been having severe headaches and my mouth feels very dry and bloated tummy?
i have the worst motion and travel sickness?
can anemia be hereditary?
do you get migraines from prolonged playing games on a cell phone or computer? . my friend is on several medications for migraines but i feel he may be causing these migraines because of his continuous playing of games on his cell phone and computer. i just wondered if they had found any connections to this causing migraines.
i am starting to feel very slight burning sensation after urination?
who is at risk for osteoporosis?
my  yr old daughter had a spinal fusion in june now  months later she gets choked when eating?
why am i getting red faced when i am in new social situations? . i'm a  year old male and am noticing that i am involuntarily blushin alot. if i like a girl someone makes fun of me don't want to be called on in class upset hot cold. i hate it. it is killing my confidence. what can i do?
i had unprotected sex. can hiv testing be a risk for me?
what if you return to the skilled nursing facility after  days will medicare part a still pay? . if you discharge home from a snf before your  days are up and you have  days to return to a snf on the same part a medicare day who pays if you return after  days?
what foods do you know of that can trigger gout attacks?
i am extremely hungry when i wake up form naps & find myself eating any and everything that first comes into my sight. i am rather active run daily and eat rather well. i thought the problem may have been sleep deprivation but i've been going to sleep early & getting plenty of sleep and it still happens.
i was treated for labyrinthitis about  months ago. however i still have ringing in my ear and is worse when showering. the ringing is aggravated by running water if i open the tap if i lay on that side (ear) and try turning over to the other side i experience nausea and dizziness! if there is intense sunlight(heat) the ear rings more.
im having bright red-orange spotting i had a tubal  year ago could i be pregnant
if hurting  days with hernia and lips turn white. should i go to the docotor. i have a hernia. but have been in pain for  days now. when i lay back it goes back in. but it will not stay in. should i go to the emergency room
if i do not exercise and eat a lot of protein from yogurt and protein shakes would that make me gain weight? . i am ' and  lbs
i take sulfamethoxazole-tmp for bronchitis does that mean it can be contagious?
what are the most common causes of insulin overdose?
is a tumor the same as a cyst?
can epidural cause persistent back pain. i've never had any back pain until i had my children and received an epidural injection and now if i sit or stand to long or fold laundry my shoulders and back hurt. they hurt worse when cleaning up such as washing dishes mopping sweeping etc. i have worked out before and it didn't hurt til finished. it feels as if it is stiff and needs to be popped/stretched out dr says just take tylenol but nothing seems to really help.
thank you. thank you nohard for your answer to my question concerning breast issues. i did not mention i have been ert for about  years. i take an injection. i knew the risks going into it but since the removal of my ovaries i have experienced surgical menopause several times. at this time i am on antibiotics and having blood work and a swab done to test for staff. i have had  biopsy's done on each breast and both were benign.
if my headache has lasted for  days and nothing is helping should i go to a doctor? . i have had a headache for a little over five days. i was also diagnosed with a pitituary cysit a few years ago. no otcs are helping nor are my perscriptions. it keeps getting worse. my joints hurt and i keep getting muscle cramps.
can seniors over  enroll in a marketplace health insurance plan?
i just started combipatch a week ago but am not feeling much better. why is that?
how does osteoporosis occur?
is aerobics a good exercise to loose fat in belly?
what about children who get travelers' diarrhea?
what are the symptoms of chlamydia?
can arthritis go away or is for life. ones ur diagnost with a little arthirtis is it for life or can it go away. .
will a condom protect a man from a yeast infection
what are some exercises that i can do while traveling without carrying any equipment?
is it possible to get gastroenteritis in late july? . a couple nights ago i was suddenly nauseous and vomited then went to sleep. same thing happened when i woke up morning along with some diarrhea. now this morning i was very nauseous and it settled down as the day is going on. no cramps/pain/fever. is this gastroenteritis?
what illnesses often co-exist with bipolar disorder?
what are complications of hypothyroidism?
what is dementia?
can low testosterone levels be treated while i continue to smoke cigarettes?
my immune system is deficient in the  classification please advise?
random nose bleed with large clot. ok overdose  weeks ago was on drip for  days took sando-k for  days after hospital just had random nosebleed today with large blood clot which i choked on could this be anything to do with my liver
what is this hard bump in my ear canal? . i slept a few nights with headphones in my ears and developed a very hard bump protruding from my ear canal. it's hard and gets very upset when i use garlic on it or mess with it - then calming down after a few days. doctors are asking $  for a sample of what it is - i cannot afford this. i would like to cut it out but it's very painful. i also hear a constant high pitch sound in that ear and have trouble hearing.
i took tablet metronidazole  hours after i had taken  ml of red wine. what can i do now?
when should i see a throat specialist when the tonsil stones wont go away and the penisillin doesnt work? . no fever hurts bad when swallowing red sore throat. tried to knock off the white things on tonsils and ovula as the urgent care dr said to try. been on penicillin since tuesday feb. . no better as of yet. when do you think i should see a throat specialist?
do i need to go to the er? . / started taking lialda .  () tab once a day. // neck itching / rash on neck. / lips feel swelled.
 year old girl with delayed milestones (speech) and convulsions what can we do?
type of specialist for liver
i can't afford to purchase the medicines my doctor has prescribed. can the makers of the medicines help me get them?
are adult gummy vitamins as good as pill form
can you take birth control pills to reduce acne if you already have the mirena iud? . i've had the mirena iud for  years but have suffered from very severe acne since i've had it put in. before getting the iud i was on desogen birth control pills and my skin was very clear. . i like the iud because it makes me not bleed when i menstruate but i like desogen because it makes my skin very clear. . is there a risk to taking these together?
my ear doctor says that hearing tests are only valid for  months because of a federal law. is this true? . i was told that after  months the tests are not valid and have to be redone.
i have the worst motion and travel sickness?
i just vomited and it was just yellow liquid and i did it three times. i know this sounds weird but also  brown tube like things that i threw up. since it was my vomit and i was scared i touched one and it was a jello consitency
why do i still have blood and pus in urine after two rounds of antibiotics? . i have no other symptoms--no frequent/painful urination no fever no pain. meds taken:. aug :  days twice a day: nitrofurnatoin mono-mcr  mg. sep :  days twice a day; ciprofloxacin hcl  mg tab. follow up urine test: oct : still have blood and pus in urine
i am having mild to extreme fatigue on an almost daily basis. what could be causing this? what can i do to fix it?
i had an ultrasound they found a  solid nodule and said get another ultrasound in  months?
my wifes latest ultra sound shows  cysts in her ovary what are chances for (ivf) in vitro fertilization?
the oral surgeon wants to remove all of my wisdom teeth but insurance will only authorize one. what are my options? . i have all four of my wisdom teeth but only one is causing me problems. the insurance company will not pay for anesthesia.
if alka-seltzer helps me does that mean i'm not having a heart attack? . i am a  year old woman i don't drink or smoke. for that past three days i have been having pain in my chest and a warm feeling behind my chest and have been having gas also. it only stopped after i took some alka-seltzer and only worked for a few hours. i also have a history of panic attacks and heartburn.
can you swim if you have shingles?
how hard is it to get my insurance provider to cover a breast reduction? . i am  years old about ' and  with a  cup size. i am in horrible pain and don't know how to go about getting one or how to get my insurance to approve it.
what are the health insurance options for a llc business with only  employee (me)? . i insure my family (husband and  child dependent) in ny state.
i have one hard lump with white pus and a few tiny blisters at waistline. herpes or abscess or something else? . i have not had sex in three weeks. i did wear a condom. it was with someone i have never known. i work and for the most part live in the middle east where it is currently  degrees in rough living conditions. i usually sleep naked last night i slept with nylon type of boxer briefs and woke up with the red hard lump and had a few tiny blisters. i did not have itching or tingling prior to and i have not had painful urination. it is approx - .  inches below the navel where my waist band is.
is cialis covered by any insurance? how reliable are canadian pharmarcys?
where do the white skin tags come from that are in and around the vagina? . hi what can be causing me to continue to have vaginal white tags in and around the vaginal labia. the small bumps are itchy at times and sightly unpleasant.
i have a decreased urine output but all tests are normal?
what is the chickenpox vaccine?
false positive. i took a test after my period was  days late and it came back positive so the next day i took another one and it came up negative and now i'm bleeding could i be pregnant or was it most likly a false positive
is there any benifit to be had by using viagra in conjunction with the penile implant?
why do i wake up with pounding migraines? . my period hasn't came yet and i started waking up with migraines ever since i started taking topiramate.
can having trichomoniasis cause boils?
is thrush contagious. can the fungus be passed to another by kissing?
i'm a retired federal employee and carried over my health insurance plan into retirement. should i stay with that plan or are the new options better?
my period isnt due for another  days. two days ago i had pink bleeding. is it implantation? . i don't use birth control. my period is due around the . two days ago i wiped and it wasn't red like a normal period. it was pink and it only lasted a day. could this mean im pregnant? or could it be ovulation?
if left untreated can postpartum depression occur after  years? . this person i am asking about has a history of depression and anxiety issues.
can you only use a tax subsidy (when employed) if your employer doesn't offer coverage to spouses/dependents? . does it have anything to do with the amount they contribute?
 year old female long dark hairs above and below belly button on my chest neck and around the nipples. whats wrong
i was given an iv incorrectly in the er which gave me superficial thrombophlebitis?
what are the symptoms of a bad gall bladder. i have been having bad pain in my abdomen on the right side under my ribs that radiates to my lower back for about  weeks now and my doctor thinks that it could be my gall bladder i have also been battling vomiting and neusea and cold chills and the pain lasts anywhere between  minutes to  hours without pain meds. i am wondering what i should do.
i got  perfect round completely red circles on my back possibly ringworm? occasionally i get an itch but nothing bad. . i noticed the other day i had  completely red perfect circles on my back they look to have really little pimples maybe blisters on them my first thought was ring worms but i havent seem and thats completely red most have a ring like fade to them although i have read it can be solid red havent had any sickness or anything with it just an occasion itch but rarely brother thinks maybe masquito bite but i just wanna make sure so if i know to buy the cream or what not. .
why does pregnancy weight gain vary so much from woman to woman or from pregnancy to pregnancy?
had allergic reaction to ibuprofen in july bladder went into spasms?
can my gyn tell if i'm sexually active thru a papsmear even if they're aware my hymen has been broken  surgicalreasons? . i am  years old as well and was wondering would they be able to tell my parents
does my daughter's thyroid level warrant a follow up?
hi i'm  weeks pregnant i took half a  temazepan tablet twice in the past  weeks before i knew. is this v harmful
my kids found a surgical glove that may have been used on the ground by a storm drain. could they get anything?
could i be pregnant husband came in me before i started my new set of active pills? i took it after. was on placebos. i was on the inactive or placebos beforehand for seven days. my husband and i had sex and i forgot to start my new  day active pack before he ejaculated into me.
why does the my food not taste as good as it used to? . i'm a bit underweight and have i've been trying to gain weight. i used to love food and ate like a horse but never gained a pound. over the past few years my appetite has dwindled down to nearly nothing. i don't get hunger pangs instead i get nauseous when i forget to eat for too long. . recently my appetite has taken a worse turn - when i eat the food does not appeal or satisfy. it tastes okay but not enjoying meals makes trying to eat even harder.
what causes migraine headaches?
could i be pregnant? i havent had my period since jan . and its march .
what medications and treatments are available to treat prostate cancer?
my son has adhd allergies and colon issues. he is often sick but doctors dont seem to be concerned?
would/could a stye cause pain in the ear jaw and head?
is it okay for pregnant women to take fexofenadine hcl if they are having sinus congestion?
hi i'm pregnant for  weeks. but i have so much cramp on my stomach you you thinks i mite have a chance to miscarege?
i have some scars in my nose that are irritating a lot of bleeding every day?
what do i if the packing falls out of my absess
what are the symptoms of psoriatic arthritis?
my eldest daughter is suffering excruciating pain need second opinion?
is over-the-counter product dormin helpful as a sleep aid?
is it ok to lay on my stomach if i am  weeks pregnant?
could i become pregnant and now heavy bleading can be miscarriage? . last full period dec' no period on jan. i had dark brown scant spotting for  wk first week of feb. no symptoms of pregnancy but a full bloated feeling tired my legs hurt some whitish discharge this week my abdomen feels like it has grown like a small orange. . two days of subtle cramp like feeling a like when you feel you are going to ovulate light backache. on mar  brown spotting medium cramping   heavy bleeding continuing . could i have been pregnant and not knowing it?
how bald do i have to be for rogaine to work for me? can i use topical rogaine and propecia pills at the same time? . how long does it take to see an improvement in my hair?
i have low blood pressure low heart rate tired and lack energy is it normal?
i ate somethin that had been left out  hrs that had cheese and sour cream. now i have chronic diarrhea wat happened? . i ate an enchilada that was filled with onions sour cream and cheese. i left it out of the refrigerator for  to  hours then i reheated it. after i ate it i was not feeling sick. after about  to  hours i started feeling fatigued my stomach started hurting. i ended up throwing up as well as having chronic diarrhia. i stopped throwing up but ive had chronic diarrhia for about  hours now.
can a multivitamin cause acne?
what happens to my coverage if i sign up for a plan in a state marketplace and then move to another state?
after  hernia operations a medium sized bubble formed about  below the stitches?
i have night sweats cant focus lack of sleep weight loss what is going on?
where can you buy insurance if you live in one state but work in another?
when should i take my baby to the emergency room for a fever? he is  months old and has a cough.
is it okay to take lomotil lonox or imodium to relieve travelers' diarrhea?
i have a big lump on my lower right side of my lip what could it be? . i have got precribed with concerta and just got a flue shot. and now i have a lump on the bottom of my right side lip
i'm  / wks pregnant. my scalp is itchy n i have dandruff. can i use head n shoulders to treat dry scalp?
do you treat ear infection when draining and tubes have been placed?
what is gerd?
are small wounds in the opening of urethra serious? does it take a long time to heal? . three weeks ago after masturbating i put tissue on my penis and when i removed it minutes later i felt pain and saw blood coming out so i put a little petroleum jelly to stop the bleeding. the next day the bleeding stopped but the right lip of my penis is swollen and dark. there's no pain but sometimes it feels irritated. there's also no blood anymore and no difference when i urinate. what can i do to heal it faster? is it serious?
if i have medicare and medicaid do i still need to choose a health insurance plan?
ive been diagnosed with strep but my test came back negative?
i have red and scab type bumps that are appearing on my face and hands could this be a type of skin cancer?
could my girlfriend be pregnant? . so last week my girlfriend and i laid naked in bed. we didn't have sex we did touch each other and i didn't not ejaculate. my gf told me that she has missed her period and she is worried that she may be pregnant. i told here that there was no way sense i did not penetrate her and i did not ejaculate. as a precaution i went to the drug store and bought her levonorgestrel a hormone that is used to prevent pregnancy. is there anyway possible that she could have gotten pregnant?
i have pain throughout my body i dont know what it is?
i have calcification of the prostate. is it related to masturbation? . i have just been informed i have calcification of the prostate. could this condition possibly be related to masturbation? i am a  year old male and i masturbate once a day on average which i did not think was too excessive. also i do like to drink alcohol a lot so could that also be related? i am going to see a urologist soon but i really would like some feedback sooner hence my question. thank you!
im embarrassed but i have pubic lice.
what kind of treatments or tests are out there for vertigo? i have had vertigo since i was . nothing has helped. mri when i was  was clear water drip tests made me dizzy. i had been dealing but now it is back and happening in my sleep ( mos. )! a specialist diagnosed me ( yrs later) with benign parox. pos. vertigo but the videonystagmus revealed no abnormal eye movements. i can only sleep on one side. i have an attack in a dream wake up and everything is moving. i get sick all day it's very violent and then have to take suppositories. meclizine only helps me with so much. any suggestions? help!
how often can you get steroids shots for back pain? . can you have a second shot in a day or two if the first shot isnt helping? what would happen if you got a second shot  or  days after the first shot?
how can my child get enough vitamin d?
is the birth control shot safe? . i've heard many women slowly stop getting their period while getting the shot. is it safe or healthy to just stop something that is so natural to the body?
what causes stomach pain and swelling after eating every meal? been this way for  weeks. it started out about  weeks ago. i have stomach pains and severe swelling after i eat. then a couple days later i got my period and it seems my swelling is not as bad. so i went to the docter and he thought it was my gallbladder. i had blood work done normal. sent me for ultrasound normal. then hida scan normal. still having problems everytime i eat my stomach starts hurting really bad and my stomach swells some. my stomach is constanly sore. .
what are hereditary colon cancer syndromes?
what can cause a dull menstrual like cramp pain on right side of pelvic area? . for the past  to  days i have been having a menstrual cramp like pain but it is only on the right side. it is not a severe pain but enough of pain that after  days it has worn me down and made it hard to do anything. i have taken perscription ibprofen i had left from my gallbladder surgery and it doesnt seem to help. if i put a heat pack on the area it helps but as soon as i get up and move around its right back to hurting again. im absolutley miserable. what can cause this?
i have had stomach problems for  years abdominal pain and constipation and rectal bleeding has been more frequent?
how to eat flax seeds
i have a tiny blood lump at the end of my spine where the butt crack is. soft red pulsing. smells like poo what is it? . initially i thought it could be a pilonidal cyst but i highly doubt it. the smell it produces is enough to scare away people it is like having poop in my pants / or  hours after a shower. noticed it  weeks ago the smell was there for  months. just before the smell the only irregular thing i did was running a little at the gym ( times  minutes in  days). i am  years old averagely fit healthy. it is a small lump like an above average zit bloody warm pulsing sweating poop smell.
what are the most common food allergies?
i woke up with swollen parotid glands?
could i be pregnant? . my symptoms are suppossible bigger breasts stomach pains (my mom had a virus with diarrhea and vomiting but i didnt get the vomiting or diarrhea just the pains) blue veins on breasts headaches raw egg white looking discharge with little blood no scent sore breasts for  days now.
i am only  i have lost my libido since i used accutane?
what are liver lesions?
how is drug-induced hair loss treated?
can having a sonohysterogram introduce herpes to your uterus? . i take acyclovir  daily. and have had herpes for  years. i had the sonohysterogram recently and although i was not having an outbreak i could have been having a prodrome. i'm not sure. i'm afraid it could be in my uterus now and could infect a baby if i get pregnant.
my  month old sick last night .  temp tonight it is  what do i do?
is milk creme good nutrient for hair growth
is there any diet that can help improve or reverse hypothyroidism?
my  year old has a pulled muscle in his back. was told he isn't old enough to take muscle relaxants. is this true?
can allergy shots be used to treat asthma?
what is a primary infection related to genital herpes?
what is the normal relationship between bacteria and the small intestine?
can you get sick to your stomach when you are stressed or having a panic attack?
how much tylenol can i give a -year-old weighing - pounds?
can dna testing be done on genital warts? . my granchild was sexually assulted by a former boyfriend of my child the case is being reviewed at this time and we wanted to know if a dna test could be done on the warts to prove this former boyfriend was the one that passed this to my granddaughter. . thank you . . concerned grandmother and mother
my primary health insurance is medicare my supplemental insurance is usaa and my prescription insurance is with aarp. . does the affordable care act have any impact on my coverages?
i understand that arcus senilis is a result of high cholesterol. is this true for both good and bad cholesterol? . i've had a white rim around my eye that looks like arcus senilis. i do have very high good cholesterol and very low bad cholesterol. (i eat well and exercise regularly. ). does high good cholesterol also cause this condition?
i'm not pregnant but i sometimes get morning sickness. why is this? . i'm  years old and this happens - times a month in no particular pattern. often when this happens i vomit and when i do it is very intense. i thought it was happening on days when i skipped breakfast or had breakfast too early but i have also thrown up on days that i did eat breakfast. it is always in the morning between the hours of  and  pm. once a few months ago there were specks of blood in my vomit. what is going on?
what is genital herpes?
is it possible to have depersonalization symptoms after a migraine attack? . july  - had my first optical migraine attack. symptoms occured for about  min. before the actual headache. felt better after taking advil and resting.  week later i began to notice depersonalization symptoms. felt like a ghost like i was floating around. or watching myself on a movie screen. everything feels like a dream. in and out of reality. i can't grasp reality anymore. i'd sometimes feel pressure in my head.
how is a female sexual problem diagnosed?
im taking sulfameth/trimethoprim for a bladder infection. can i take acetaminophen or excedrin migraine for a headache?
i was diagnosed with chlamydia and my dog sometimes sleeps in my bed. is my dog at risk for ctracting the infection?
what is aerobic exercise?
what causes lice?
i have a skin rash that looks like ringworm but isn't. its red and very itchy and spreading everywhere. what can i do? . my breakout started with one bump on my thigh then a day later there were two on my upper body. then all of a sudden the next week my whole upper body was covered in red raised and itchy bumps. i am into my second week with this and it is spreading to my face all over my arms and moving down my legs. i am not in pain but it is hard to deal with being itchy everywhere. i don't have any other symptoms. if there was a way to know what i have? just anything to help thank you.
how long before i can go back to work? . i am having surgery for my hemorrhoids this week. how long will i be off work?
i have a shooting pain on the side of my face. ibuprofen has not helped. what do you suggest?
i have been paying dearly for health insurance since my husband's retirement. . i will be  in april. i am in fl so no state insurance marketplace come oct. should i cancel my cobra at the end of the year and try to find coverage for a few months next year until medicare takes effect?
i took a pregnancy test and it came up negative but ive gained about  pounds since june. . i have no other symptoms of pregnancy other than weight gain. what can it be
stomach ache for a week? . i have had a stomach ache for about a week now once i was done with school it stopped but now this weekend it. got worse i threw up yesterday anc i haven't really eaten much and when i do it's only a little
i have problem breathing and its progressing?
i have diarreha  to  times a day whether drinking water or after eating. cant be away from toilet stomach gurgling
how long can a cold virus stay on a uncleaned sofa that has been outside since march or february?
should i be concerned about my very frequent nosebleeds? . i get nosebleeds typically every day. i can get them simply by rubbing my nose and anytime i blow my nose. sometimes i get them while i'm sleeping and wake up to blood all over. i've always had them since i was a kid and my dad gets them often too but not as frequently as i do. i also have severe congestion year round to the point that i can't breath through my nose at all. i use decongestant spray throughout the day to be able to breath for about a year now.
what do you think about the effectiveness of laser treatment for wrinkle removal?
what kind of doctor do i see to check for ms?
how long does a sinus infection last? . have had it since first of march - taken  days of strong antibiotic and then  days of strong musinex - getting better - will it eventually go away on it's own?
i have scoliosis im worried about it getting worse?
i accidentally had very hot water on my penis will there be a nerve damage or friction burn? . the areas include penis head and the one right under it. the water hit only small areas but it was so hot. the accident happened just an hour ago.
my son is unable to express himself saw orthophonist and ear nose and throat (ent otolaryngology) doctor to no avail?
"mid-back pain with activity large bruise-like discoloration (-"" diameter) to the left of my spine mid back over . i was diagnosed with osteoporosis at age ."
how do i take motrin ib?
i recently found out i was pregnant and have a few questions. i was told i was pregnant today. my question are. my doctor did a urine test today he first came in and told me i wasn't then came back - minutes later. and then told me i was. could it be possible that it was a evaporation line on there test? i'm still waiting for my blood test to come back. now my second question is. i've only lost weight the past couple weeks. i lost  lbs. if i'm pregnant is this normal?
how are malabsorption and malnutrition evaluated in celiac disease?
what happens if you accidentally cut a mole? ! . i have this mole on my left cheekbone and there was a scab right above it. i washed my face and dried it too roughly resulting in half of that mole to come off. is that okay?
wife has blood clot in leg and taking shots for this and has leg elavated but still has pain in leg. what else can we do
hit my head mri indicates white matter hyperintensities?
can i take advil pm approximately  hours after taking mucinex d?
high blood pressure. bp controlled well until  years ago. stress levels increased so did bp. have had meds changed and currently taking bisopropolol  and diovan . combo worked well for a while but bp up again. / / /. new doctor monitoring and wants to put me on lowest dose diuretic to help lower. told him was put on it last year and severe dehydration resulted. can't tolerate it. what other meds can be prescribed?
is it safe to take mirtazapine  aripiprazole  and sertraline  per day?
i had blood test done my arm is now black blue and red?
do you need to take prenatal vitamins your whole pregnancy? . im  months pregnant im just wondering if it is safe to stop taking my vitamins now or should i keep taking them
my mom is  and has frequent headaches nausea dizziness and a constant dull pain in the back of her neck. what is it? . she is diabetic (type ) - takes medicine. has high blood pressure which she takes medicine for. she just went to the dr. and she said there was nothing wrong with her. she has had a constant headache for a week now along with the other symptoms.
can u get pregnant on the pill? . i have been taking the pill for  months now and my last peroid wasnt really a period. i bled for maybe  minutes a day for  days. could i be pregnant? i just started feeling nausea and im hungry but when i start eating i feel like i cant eat
i have a female doctor. i have been going to this doctor for about  have not had my clothes off for a physical. i am a male just wondering why
family history of aarskog-scott syndrome does ultrasound of my baby show hypertolerism?
i have a thumping in my chest below my breast bone between my ribs no pain but very pornounced and not all the time. . i have a cold with a lot of mucus and coughing and hoarseness and have noticed this thumping just recently i am at the stages of clearing my cold but being  it is taking a considerable time to clear up. it feels like my heart is in the middle of my chest.
herpes transmission somewhat complicated question. i have genital herpes but no outbreaks after the initial one. my partner got it from me and has genital outbreaks. we're wondering if we're able to spread it to each other in areas where we haven't had outbreaks during shedding (not active outbreak). seems obvious that we could spread it around while there are lesions so we're careful during her outbreaks. but the big mystery is . can we spread it to new areas during shedding. . ? . thanks a million. we've been searching hard for the answer. .
we are trying for  baby fertility consultation has not worked?
i can see white patches and a big red patch with a white spot on it in my mouth?
what is moderate right distal carotid artery stenosis?
my daughter accidentally took two  mg ambien. how much is an overdose?
"when can i start smoking again after wisdom teeth are removed? . i got my top two wisdom teeth pulled  days ago i am a smoker and i understand that this might be the time to quit but i am not ready yet. my question is when can i start smoking ""fully"" again? also when do i know when i am completely healed? . thanks."
can you take benadryl if you are taking methylprednisolone
what's the best way to prevent the flu during pregnancy?
what medications and treatments are available to treat toxoplasmosis during pregnancy?
why do my ovaries hurt? . i'm not on my period but it feels like my ovaries are swelled up.
what are triggers for eczema and how can i treat itching and inflammation?
how do i use a dry powder inhaler?
diagnosed with anxiety disorder can anxiety make you have headaches and feel weak and tingles all day?
how can i handle frequent urination during pregnancy?
how long does it take to get an answer to a medical question?
 years old multiple sclerosis (ms) patient for about  years is medication necessary?
my period stopped after  days. lately i am very off balance falling alot.  weeks later i am spotting. pregnant?
i have been sick with colds strep throat bronchitis most of the semester?
is skin type important in atopic dermatitis?
im diabetic in the hospital and was given a non-diabetic meal the first morning. how can i eat right while im here?
is folliculitis a form of herpes type 
are you ready to join   swtor credits with % off? . dear players of swtor! . . its an easy thing to take part in this activity! what you should do is to visit promo page(<link> advance. once the countdown time turns to be zero you can click buy now to snap up one portion of swtor credits cheapest you want and add it into your cart to place order as usual on our site. . never miss % discount code  for buying swtor credits on <link> anytime!
does white tea have the same health benefits as green tea especially fat burning benefits.
quit cigarettes  months ago. still using nicotine therapy. how bad is / every hour for you? nicorrete quickmist. used nicorrete nicotine quick mist spray for  months straight. built up to aprox  a day of the spray so  sprays a day on average. is there any health risks/long term effects? also on medication for adhd/anxiety/depression.
when should a woman receive evaluation for underlying causes of pregnancy loss?
pain in chest with palpable lump no diagnosis can be made?
i have a knee replacement my left leg is swollen just above the knee to the foot?
what does it mean when u feel like something in your ear and u cant really hear out that ear
i have brown-orange urine for a year how can i cure it?
why does my child always seem to have a cold?
for the last  weeks my right hand has been kind of tingly and numb grasping and gripping is almost next to impossible?
i have extreme stomach pain that's lasted for hours with diarrhea and nausea shoud i go to the er?
im  years old ive been diagnosed with digital papillary carcinoma what are the treatments?
can i get affordable health insurance even though my husband's work offers insurance but at a high cost i can't afford?
what does egfr indicate? is  something to worry about? . recently had a comprehensive metabolic blood panel. included creatinine .  which was indicated to be high. included egfr  which was indicated to be low. there is kidney disease in my family and i am wondering if these two tests are related and if they indicate a beginning of kidney disease. if so what should i do about it? can these values be changed via the diet? my age is . i also have high blood pressure. my bun was  and the bun/creatinine ratio is . thank you for your help.
are fibromyalgia medications safe during pregnancy?
for the last  weeks my right hand has been kind of tingly and numb grasping and gripping is almost next to impossible?
can a  month infant drink milk while on tamiflu?
does apple cider vinegar works for gerd?
can a person with lupus give blood
my  y/o boy was diagnosed with idiopathic pulmonary arterial hypertension (ipah) what do you recommend?
what do i need to know about colorectal cancer?
could my use of advair sythroid or lisopril be causing my penis and testicles to shrink. i am . ' . could my use of advair synthroid or lisinopril be the cause my penis and testicles to shrink? if so can that be reversed. i am  years old  and in otherwise good health. thank you
what can cause tingling sensation in muscles?
my son believes his thoughts are broadcasted and read by everyone?
im  and have chest pain tightness and a high heart rate?
i have no insurance. can i still get free screenings for pap smears and mammograms?
is there anyway to get chlamydia besides sex. several months ago i had my yearly exam and was fine i was just diagnosed with chlamydia this week i only have sex with my boyfriend of  years he has cheated on me in the past last time was january but he swears he hasnt cheated this time and thinks i did we do have anal sex and have sex toys is there anyway of getting it without him cheating on me in the past several months?
ibuprofen acetaminophen meloxicam dexibuprofen mefenamic acid are all causing diarrhea. what should i try instead?
can humira cause a false positive drug test?
can conception occur at day  of the cycle?
i have back problems shoulder neck back pain – mri shows numerous issues?
how long does it take to feel results of topiramate  to releive migraines? have taken for  days- no results. should i contact dr to increase dosage or does it take time to build up in my system?
are senoir's more vulnerable to swine flu! . are senior's more vulnerable to swine flu! and what can senoir's take to combat it! albert kayo
-year old woman;congestive heart failure low kidney function. no known allergies. eyes are so swollen can't see out?
if you dip half of a lemon in sugar and put it on your face is that bad for your skin? . my sister and i are having a debate on wether or not sugar and lemon are good for your skin. if you dip half a lemon in sugar and use it as a scrub on your face will that cause any bad reactions? i know that you are not suppose to go out in direct sunlight after doing this but what else can it cause? i'm using this scrub and nothing happens but she says its not safe?
is it safe to take slow release iron tablets when not anaemic? . my gp did a blood test a few months ago as im always extremely pale and tired. she told me i was anaemic and should take iron supplements. i took them for awhile but they made me sick so i stopped. i was in the hospital last week and the bloods from there showed that i was not anaemic. im still very pale and tired i purchased slow release iron tablets to see if they would help. i was wondering if they could be dangerous to take when im not anaemic?
i'm in my late 's and have implants. my right breast hurts when touched in one spot. should i be worried? . i have not had any injuries to my breast.
i went for an x-ray and found out i have a faecal overload?
is botox safe to use for frown lines and wrinkles? do you know of any product that will remove laugh lines?
does penicillin go in a mans semen sperm? . my fiance has been taking penicillin vk  for three days and we forgot and made love; i have a sever reaction to penicillin should i be worried?
my belly button is producing some discharge its sticky and clear with a yellow tint?
tumor removedtitanium staples used now have reaction to gold-silver?
can a doctor tell by pap smear that i've had an abortion? . three months ago i had an abortion at  weeks and am pregnant now. i very much want to keep these pregnancy. i have to get a physical and pap smear done and my mother is coming with me. i do not want her to know. will the doctor be able to tell i've had an abortion and then say something in front of my mother?
what is balanitis?
i was prescribed norfloxacin for an upper respiratory bacterial infection was that a proper medication prescription?
i'm italian citizen in usa. can i buy escitalopram with my italian prescription? . i'm  male and i'm italian citizen in usa. i'm used to take from a couple of year escitalopram under the prescription of my italian family doctor and i brought with me a few boxes of it but not enough for all the time i'm staying in usa. currently i have just  pills of cypralex so i'm still good for  days but i need to make a prescription before i'll end them and i don't know exactly how things work here in usa. with me i have the italian prescription. what i should do?
are certain nutrients depleted with strenuous exercise?
i have been taking  extra strength excedrin ( of acetaminophen and  aspirin) every day for a few years. i have been taking  extra strength excedrin ( of acetaminophen and  aspirin each) every day for a few years; i also drink about  glasses of red wine a day. . i am concerned that i may have done damage to my liver - i just recently noticed the warnings on the bottle. i do not have any symptoms of liver damage (not nauseous tired fatigued weak; i have a regular appetite etc. ). i won't be taking excedrin or tylenol again of course but do you think i am ok? .
i got spinal meningitis which affected my legs and hands with a lot of edema to where i could not even walk?
"bruise is hot to the touch what should i do? . a stove fell on my leg right under the knee joint knee feels fine. large bruise "" x "" bruise does rediate down leg a bit and at the ankle. my shin bone is sore and warm to the touch walking with a slight limp but can put full body weight on leg. should i be concerned about the warmth? ."
girlfriend's period isn't stopping. took plan b. hi my girlfriend took plan b two weeks ago and her period has been longer than usual. she usually has it for - days but it has lasted around . she says it doesn't hurt stops at night and randomly occurs in the afternoon. what could be the cause of this? are these signs of pregnancy? are these signs of an infection? . any answers or information would be appreciated!
late period? . i last had my period on oct. . i believe to have ovulated on october  or  (due to egg white mucus). my cycles are usually - days. i am now on day . all pregnancy tests have been negative. could i still be pregnant? and if i am not what could cause my period to be so late?
is it true that when obamacare takes effect that medicare will no longer pay for cataract surgery? . that was told to a patient who is in need of cataract surgery.
my eldest daughter is suffering excruciating pain need second opinion?
will progestin-only pills affect my ability to get pregnant later?
can precum be released via a handjob? . had intercourse with my girl then pulled out before i could ejaculate in her. as we were foolin around she gave me a hand job and some precum fell onher hand then we decided to go for another round. question is it possible that some precum may have remained in urinary tract? and is it possible that she may get pregnant from it?
why do i gag when i spit while brushing my teeth?
my blood work showed inflammation. i have crohns disease do i need steroids?
i have been overly exhausted and fatigued lately i have had chest congestion for about two months now that won't go away. i have been overly exhausted and fatigued to where i don't even hear my alarm go off in the morning which is not like me. even once i do wake up i'm still tired. it takes more effort than normal to get anything done. . i have also had chest congestion for about  months now. i have been to the doctor  times and it still hasn't gone away. . i have been eating well and exercising but i can't seem to lose weight on top of all of that. any suggestions?
could my child's shortness of breath be related to him being over weight somewhat? . my child is  years old and somewhat overweight. he has shortness of breath all the time not just during activity. he goes around taking in deep breaths a lot and i can tell he isn't getting proper air. he uses his inhaler daily. my husband thinks its because he is overweight but i am concerned. he was put on inhaler because he may have exercised induced asthma the doctor said but that was when he was  years old. could this type of shortness of breath be caused by overweight? .
how is osteoarthritis diagnosed?
how does a person get tuberculosis?
who is the best doctor to treat sinusitis? . i have a daughter who from birth had an unusual smell coming from her nose and mouth specially before she gets a cold virus. . she is not smelling like a normal baby. i'm not sure if that's inborn or should i seek medical specialist to raise my concern. don't get me wrong i already asked help from several pediatricians and other doctors but they said its only because of her cold. but mother's instinct is telling me something is not right just don't know whom to talk with.
i have recently been diagnosed with hsp (henoch-schonlein purpura) doctors are worried my kidneys might be at risk need second opinion?
is feeding a dachshund that is overweight half a hotdog and two teaspoons of wet dog food healthy? . my in-laws think that giving their overweight dachshund too much wet dog food will make her fatter. however they don't think feeding her half a hot dog will do that. are they right or wrong?
how to get rid of folliculitis?
non itchy rash. i got these tiny red spots with little dots on them that aren't bumpy itchy or sore. it started right under my armpit came around to the side of my man-pecks appeared on the back of my upper thigh which has scattered and also started on the side's of my lower back and has risen to the top towards the middle. prior to this i had little dry sores at the base of my penis. went to doctor and he gave me antibiotics but they had no effect
- months hot poker stabbing through chest and out shoulder pain deep breath worsens/spreads - mins then gone. for the past - months out of no where i will get intense shooting pain it honestly feels like a hot metal poker is stabbing me through the chest above my left breast through my body and out the back of my shoulder that worsens when i take a deep breath. when i breathe deeply the pain will go from my shoulder and shoot down my arm/radiate around the area where it hurts the worse. this will go on for roughly ten-fifteen minutes. then all of a sudden it will disappear - no pain at all.
can taking lactobacillius supplement pill reduce the chances of getting bacterial vaginosis?
i have brown pigment of sclera in left eye for one year cant use lap or mobile?
i'm a male and have no symptoms of any std. but when i have sex w/ my girl she has an odor the next day. any thoughts?
why do i feel lightheaded fatigued and sweat during sleeping (no fever)? . i am an almost  yr old female with a lot of stress right now. dr. put me on effexor and i started not being able to sleep having bad headaches feeling lightheaded and constipated. i took it for  weeks and he told me to stop when i called him. he called me in something else but i'm afraid to get it. i've been on paxil prozac and celexa and never felt this horrible. i haven't taken anything in almost a week but feel lightheaded many times thoughout the day. any ideas what could be wrong?
i like to masturbation alotttt. i am addicted to it. . how frequently can i masturbate without having health issues.
is anyone allowed to apply for health insurance through the marketplace? . even if they currently have insurance?
can getting the flu shot raise blood pressure? . i have been monitoring my blood pressure for about  weeks now and the readings have been normal (/) but i noticed ever since i received my flu shot from a few days ago my blood pressure has been reading higher (- range/). is this a side effect of the flu shot?
can a child spread warts from their fingers to their mouth? . my daughter has a wart on her finger that she sucks on and i am afraid it will spread to her mouth. we are scared to put treatment on it because she sucks on her fingers. so we put medical tape around her finger which is what her dr. recommended.
pain inflammation swellinglooks pretty bad too
buzzing n pubic area. i am  year old female. there is a slight buzzing/vibration feeling by my lady parts. around my pubic bone. i have not had any type of surgeries and as far as i know i'm not pregnant. menstruated  weeks ago.
what are some early signs of pregnancy?
diagnosed with anxiety disorder can anxiety make you have headaches and feel weak and tingles all day?
i have rosacea. ive applied metronidazole for years but am now covered with under-the-skin pus bumps. what can i do?
hurts to take deep breathe pain around belly button and pain under ribs. what is this? . this pain just started on monday. i thought it was just indigestion so i started taking a upset stomach reliever it's now next monday and it's still there but i went to the er on saturday and they said that my blood tests and lab tests came back normal xrays looked okay. the pain is a bit under my ribs and it hurts to take deep breaths and it's now starting to burn a little bit when i pee. what's wrong with me? . the doctor at the er also prescribed prilosec which i have been taking.
when is not falling asleep fast enough considered insomnia?
is it safe to barbecue while pregnant?
do i really need both ob/gyn and primary care provider at this stage in my life or could do without one. mean i currently have both but switching ob/gyns in the same practice as each other. i really like my current pcp and in which shes my prescribing doctor for my antidepressant. at the same time she doesn't have any admitting privileges at the hospital but the ob/gyn has them of course. anyway my pcp and ob/gyn are into separate offices locations from each other. the ob/gyn's office location is pretty much nearer my house then pcp.
what to expect? what should we do? . my  years old son had  bad falls within less than  hours where he hit his forehead badly. the first resulted in a cut and the second in a bump. a week after these  falls we started to notice that he have hard time remembering words and speaking problem concentrate confusion unable to remember same day events anxiety and complains about his eyes. . it has been  months now and some symptoms has improved but most did not (bad days and good days) and we are not sure what to expect here?
what should i expect during week  of my pregnancy?
what is diarrhea?
should i change my diet because of ulcerative colitis?
is iodine still affective in treating ringworm?
can stds be transferred through indirect contact? . this may seem silly but i'm a hypochondriac so i just really need someone to put my mind at rest. i found a used condom on my floor and i definitely avoided touching it and my roommate came in and picked it up. but i'm pretty sure a blanket had been touching it that i later touched. is it possible that an std (assuming the condom-wearer had one) could have transferred to the blanket and then to me when i touched the blanket? i don't really know if bacteria works like that. i'm concerned.
i have severe constipation. i went to the hospital but no bowel movements since?
im  trying to get pregnant for the past  years. havnt had period since dec   test pregnancy test shows negative
can smoking cigarettes and having gerd cause someone to have seizures. i was exposed to a chemical in my car i i smoke cigarettes and i have gerd but after they exposure i started having rashes swelling vocal chords going out silent seizures and then grandma seizures and now i can't go anywhere without being affected by smells
what can i expect during week  of my pregnancy?
what could be causing upper back/spine pain? why do i have bruises? . i'm  yrs old and for a week i've been having upper back/spine pain. it hurts to be laying on my back or even sitting on the couch and leaning against cushions. i can't prop myself up against pillows because that'll hurt my back. i only feel better by laying on my sides or sitting while leaning forward. i noticed today that i have  bruises near the area that is hurting. i don't know why because i never did anything that would've caused this pain/bruising. any ideas what this could be? thanks.
pregnancy test yesterday came out positive. another test today and it came out negative. could i be peregnant?
how do i treat severe heartburn?
i take prilosec  (otc) and have taken this daily for over  yrs straight?
patient having on and off pricking pain on his left side which last for - secs?
"i am  & male having ""attacks"" which last around a minute. the area between my right nipple & shoulder gets very tight. this has been happening over the course of a year and stopped for about a month then recently began happening again. during the attacks i have to stop whatever i'm doing and just grasp the area in pain and check my pulse which seems to be normal. i had an ekg done about 's ago and everything checked out. however after having experienced yet another one a couple of minutes ago i'm following my gut in knowing that something is wrong. also began having sudden headaches in the back of my head."
penial psoriasis does it exist? . what i need to know is can this be caused by medications that have been prescribed for my husband.?
am i pregnant? . i had sex twice about two weeks ago. both times used a condom and to my knowledge they didn't break. just yesterday my nipples started getting soar. also i have a moderate amount of discharge which my gyno told me was normal but lately i've been have an excess amount. is there an infection or is there a chance i'm pregnant?
why do so many people gain weight in midlife?
"i had a hymenectomy a few years ago. however the area still feels sore and makes sex uncomfortable. how can i treat it? . my boyfriend sometimes describes the area as ""spiky. "" i was wondering if there are any exercises medicines or lotions i could use to improve it."
i am suffering from sleep disorders for the past  year having bags/dark circles breakouts on skin what to do? . i guess it's insomnia i usually wake up with a headache i have tried some over the counter medicines for sleep but i don't want to take them forever. the break outs on skin and the dark circles stress me and depress me even more tried some eye gels but they don't go i think what i need is sleep. i try to go to bed by :- and wake up by :- am. i always sleep late and wake up before the alarm rings so i get very little sleep tried reading book also. please help
my daughters blood tests show some scary diseases and syndromes online?
i have constant pain in my abdomen my appetite has gone?
how is peyronie's disease treated?
i have arthritis. would it be better for me to move from ct to va. not willing to move west lots of family in the neast
my blood work shows that my liver levels are elevated? what is the cause and what can i do to improve the levels?
is it possible to get pregnant if the clitorial area and vaginal orifice were fingered by a hand contaminated with semen
i have quotes for myself and my  children for a plan through the health insurance marketplace. one example of marketplace costs is blue cross premier gold = monthly premium of $ . . figuring it with my actual income reduces it with tax credit subsidies to $.  per month. does the government pay that difference to bcbs or does bcbs reduce the premium?
what is a transient ischemic attack?
is eating primarily low-fat food the best way to shed pounds?
where and how do i give myself a subcutaneous shot? it's prolia.
i was detected with the hbsag positive what should i do now?
i have a bulged disc in my back. lumbar region  and  i dont know what to do anymore?
i had a period apri - then another - and then off and on april -may . is it too eary to test i. i had a period apri - then another - and then off and on april -may . i am on norethindrone for birth conrol. i have taken like i am suppose to and if i am late taking it or miss it my husband and i don't do anything or we use condoms. i have not had a period yet and a little worried i might be pregnant. would it be too early to take a home pregnancy test?
should you stay away from milk and cottage cheese when you have a cough?
my husband has slow urninating itchy testicals and pain when ejaculating. what could this be? . my husband also has throat cancer. he went through  weeks of radiation and a couple weeks of chemo. we will find out in another month if the cancer is gone. . do not tell me that he could have prostate cancer too.
i want to stop taking paxil but have tried and at the -day mark it's take it or go to a hospital. what should i do?
my lips are unable to moisturize themselves hbs rvs and mp test what next?
red eye after cornea transplant?
i had protected sex the condom didn't break and he didn't ejaculate. i had protected sex the condom didn't break and he didn't ejaculate. i had just come off of my period the day before. i started bleeding that evening did not bleed at all the next day but did bleed some the next day. what does this mean? do i have anything to worry about?
i had yearly pap yesterday doctor says discharge may be yeasty frightened it is cervical cancer?
i am not able to increase my weight. my weight is about  pounds but i don't know how to achieve my goal to increase my weight to  pound what can i do?
can a person die from crohn's disease
what is the prognosis for hepatitis?
"hello! i'm  and i have a back pain when sitting localized in the middle part of my back especially under left blade and sometimes between both blades (like the muscles was tense all the time). the pain is harder when i drive car - searing strong pain including large part of my back). the pain appeared about  years ago and firsty it was gentle (so i thought i can eliminate it with exercises). i sit at a computer about  hours a day but i do breaks to exercise and move. but when i don't do any break for some hours after standing up and twisting my spine left and right my spine joints ""shoot"". the pain becomes stronger while i do a deep breath. the neurosurgeon (with very good opinions) told that my spine is ok and my back are straight so there is no need to do mri. he addressed me to the physiotherapist. at the beginning the physiotherapist suspected the ""ankylosing spondylitis"" but after next visits he rather ruled this out. the massages and exercises didn't help even worse <negative_smiley>"
can i use my hot tub with a poison ivy/oak/sumac rash? (already washed affected area to remove oil residue). currently on day  after contracting rash. localized to just my feet & ankles. have already bathed rash to remove oil residue and using hydrocortisone. i have a hot tub and want to use it but am worried about causing a secondary skin reaction or spreading it to my boyfriend in the water.
how can i prevent osteoporosis before it starts?
what vitamins and supplements may be helpful for someone with ulcerative colitis?
why can't i taste food when i have a cold
i have recently lost a loved one. however i feel like i'm am copeing well. but these last few days have been different. i don't feel i can speak to anyone and i get stressed and upset over silly things. for example my mother brung me a shirt that was too small and i cried. i'm paranoid people are out to start arguments or stress me out further. some of my family members have said pretty strong stuff that have made my hurt more agressive. i burst out crying and then forget what i'm crying about but can't stop i get so upset my whole body goes through a weird freezing and i feel my blood boil i get frustrated at simple things and i'm wondering if this is anxiety? thanks
who gets migraine?
neck inflammation and head tensionaffecting my life
i am starting to feel very slight burning sensation after urination?
does a person with genital herpes have to show signs of an outbreak to tranfer ar can it be transfered with no signs
i got my flu shot. can i still spread the virus against which i am immunized by sneezing for example?
i have been feeling extremely exhausted and unable to do basic tasks need advice?
numb sensation right abdomen
i first had a salivary gland stone a little over a year ago i now have tonsil stones. are these related?
i had laryngitis cough sore throat and fever and im having lots of vertigo episodes?
what is the treatment for psoriatic arthritis?
on the  day of a  zpack am i still contagious?
what do i deal with skin that is dry in some places and oily in others?
i'm on cobra. i am on a very expensive cobra plan through my former employer. how can i apply for more affordable insurance? i live in oregon
my  year old just had his tonsiles removed. and he refusing to drink. can giving him a bath help with hydration? . he will crunch on shaved ice but i don't think he is getting enough to drink. he is eating baby food which i assume has some water to it but not much. he is in a lot of pain and we want to make sure he gets enough fluid. will letting him soak in a bath help at all. i know drinking water or gatorade etc is best but looking for some alternatives.
what type of fish should i not eat while i'm pregnant?
i have cobra which is expensive. can my payments be reduced under the new health insurance laws?
i was taking singular that has been changed to montelukast i do not have asthma should i be taking this?
does getting sunburn while pregnant hurt the baby. i'm only  week pregnant but received really bad sunburn that now has my legs swollen. what can i do and does this hurt the baby?
if i have to go out when i have a cold will wearing a mask keep others from getting my germs?
is it safe to use an electronic cigarette when you are pregnant? . i am  weeks pregnant. i have given up smoking but have been using an electronic cigarette as an alternative for about  weeks. however i wasn't aware that the solution you put in the e cigarette does contain nicotine. my question is is the amount of nicotine in the solution enough to cause harm to the baby? im not sure how much nicotine the solution actually contains. also if i happen to find a solution that does not contain nicotine does that make it harmless for the baby?
i am on day  of a cold. today the white area of my eye is red and a little runny. can my cold go to my eye? . i have been taking zicam since monday and it usually helps. but today my head and sinuses are so full. the redness in the eye is significant enough so others notice it. should i stay home from work tomorrow and should i call the dr.?
pain behind right eye blurriness headache sinus pain?
i was stung by a red wasp – it is not improving?
i had an acute ebv antibody test done and my results were all negative
i have had really really bad reflux and cannot sleep or feel like eating?
what to expect after rotator cuff surgery. i have also had each shoulder done. right shoulder  yrs ago never gave me a problem until an injury at work so now i have to have it done again along with an open hand carpel tunnel also on my right. i am in my late 's an i'm scared of what to expect. my left shoulder was done in  and it still is not %. how long i wonder will i be after these  surgeries or will i ever get back to %?
is it safe to drink beer while taking a multi vitamin? . i'm not an everyday drinker but on occasion.
confused pregnancy? !? . i have a question hopefully someone can give me answers. i lost my daughter july  pregnant and today i found out i'm  weeks pregnant how is that possible? my doctor didn't really have a good explanation for it. could someone give me the right answers please?
what are all the treatment options for straightening a penis that has been bent in an angle due to tight underwear? .  year old. had a perfectly natural straight penis with an upward curve (like a perfect banana) in childhood up until puberty. used to wear tight underwear and slept in a certain way (putting penis in between legs) with erection until morning. penis no longer curves upwards but now curves downwards and to the right. when i'm excited penis gets very hard especially glans and the shaft turns into an hourglass figure which feels good & goes away after full erection. penis doesn't hurt at all
what can i do at home for nausea or vomiting?
what conditions does complete cold treat?
how quickly do people with depression respond to lithium?
my  month old baby doesnt reach his development milestones?
will thc show in regular urine screening? . if someone was smoking marijuana in a moving vehicle with the windows down can it show in your system?
can adrenal gland function really be checked with a blood pressure cuff and how could a chiropractor fix that?
why would a healthy  year old woman have high blood pressue
i have bad bags under my eyes. what nonsurgical and surgical procedures might help?
i have had several hiv tests id like to ask youim totally free from hiv or need re-test?
could i be pregnant. ok so i spotted for like  days and then i bled for like  min and it was a different from the spotting but i looked it up and it could be decidual bleeding anyone ever experiance it? please help driving me crazy i think it might be to early to test thought
what is colic?
is roseola still contagious after the fever is gone?
do diet pills interact with depression and bipolar meds such as wellbutrin and geodon?
can a man's semen cause discomfort after sex and he dose not ave an std? . after having intercourse i feel sore. it is not the same feeling as not having sex for a while or from prolonged rubbing/ fraction during sex. can a man have a high acid content that may cause this discomfort?
i have boils all over my scalp and i could see pus coming out of it?
what is viral meningitis?
i have been sick with over  degree fever for four days straight now?
should my baby run fever while teething. my son is running high fever while teething around .  is this normal?
is it dangerous to sleep with ear plugs in?
i have anemia! i was diagnosed with pneumonia pain has now moved to my shoulder and ribs is it normal?
extreme anxety only  celxa didnt work amblifiy and zoloft arent workin now either cant sleep or go to schooll. i need help n i feel like im not getting it
what can i put on my childs skin to speed the healing process the peeling from the scarlet fever rash. the treatment for the scarlet fever has been done and it has been  weeks later and the peeling of the skin has been very bad i just want to know if there is some kind of cream or lotion that is reconmended to use to give the peeling a little help.
are there special risks associated with epilepsy?
i have a slight dull pain below my right rib cage ( a  on a scale of -). i have had it for  weeks. . i have no unexplained weight loss and the rest of my bodily functions are working just fine.
what are the signs and symptoms of celiac disease?
can weak sperm cause miscarriage. hi i'm  soon to be . i've had  miscarriages (- weeks)in the past year and a half. i have done lots of blood work the only thing that came up was that i was lupus anticougulant postive (recently put on lovenox clomid baby aspirin folic acid). because i have had  previous preg/full term( not with my current partner) the doctor wants my fiancee to get checked out. my fiancee says if he's getting me pregnant its not him that it must be me. can weak/low sperm contribute to miscarriage?
i am a recepient of ssdi as of / what can i do if my husband and i do not have enough money to buy any insurance? . we still have the same bills we had before i became eligible for ssdi and i have not had any health dental vision or life insurance since october of . i was making  times a month more with my salary than i am now from collecting ssdi. i will not receive medicare for another year due to the  year wait. i don't know what to do<negative_smiley>
i left my birthcontrol (microgestin) in the blazing heat of my car for about four days. are they still okay/effective?
could my partner have picked up genital herpes from a toilet seat or hot tub?
i have pcos and am looking into getting a tubal ligation done. what effect would such a surgery have on my disorder? . i am  years of age and was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome when i was . since that time i have been taking .  mg birth control pills to control the symptoms of pcos. my husband (to whom i have been married for  years) and i have decided that we definitely do not want kids so i want to get a more permanent form of birth control rather than rely on condoms and my pills forever. my question is whether this surgery is feasible with my disorder and what effects it may have.
i got a wart frozen and the blister is turning like a dark red. all the rest of the warts that blistered up are clear. its on my ring finger right where it bends.
can i give my  month old pediasure to help with weaning? . my  month old girl has been breastfed since birth and now that she is starting to get some teeth i'd like to slowly start weaning her of my breast milk. she hates formula and i can't really blame her as i've tasted it myself and think its tastes very strongly of metal. could i just dilute pediasure with water to help get the weaning process started but still make sure she's getting all the nutrients she needs?
ive had nasal polyps had them surgically removed now painful what can i do?
what causes fertilised egg not to inplant in uterus? . from my last  periods i have observed my periods getting - days late than usual. i suspect egg is gettign fertilised but somehow embryo is not implanting and causing biochemical pregnancy it did happened to me in past when trying ivf. can some expert confirm my suspision that it is biochemical pregnancy and why embryo is not impanting?
what happens to someone when they get pneumonia?
my skin breaks out with a itchy rash after coming in contact with my pitbull. is their anything i can do?
ai have shingles and was prescribed valtrex and vicodin. how can i ease the pain? will this affect my fibromyalgia?
heathly diet for peptic ulcers. please. im so hungry. i had an upper endoscope and show multiple stomach ulcers. i have nexium and maalox. issue is im hungry. im afraid to eat for fear of thatsevere pain. what can i eat?
can low levels of vitamin d lead to diabetes?
when is the earliest time to take a pregnancy test? can pregnancy tests give you a false negative.
does a pharmacist always check to see if the new meds will counteract with what is already being taken?
can lupus cause skin lesions. non itchy skin lesions spreading all over body.  dermatologist diagnosed allergy to arthritis medicine. next dermatologist diagnosed fungal infection.  dermatologist diagnosed pityriasis rosea. the pulmonologist has asked for tests for lupus vasculitis and hepatitis.
hi i have a  year old son that has a lump in his armpit could this be lymphoma?
why would a family doctor slap a patient in the face hard several times/ for what reason?
how will the affordable care act affect supplemental medical coverage such as coverage for patients with cancer?
what happens if a new mother takes mentone syrup?
what can be done to prevent a hernia?
can osteoporosis be the result of another medical condition?
im as  year old male with swollen lower legs and feet im short of breath and completley out of energy. help. both my parents and my sister have passed away from copd im almost certain i have it but have not had simptoms until this summer
burning testicles but no burning urine or sensitivity on head of penis. no pain in head of penis nor have any burning when urinating and no rash of any kind just burning testicles
what lifestyle changes should be made if i have an arrhythmia?
what do i do if my blood sugar is  and i have congestive heart failure and never noticed sugar problems before? . my friend checked my sugar and it was  and  mins later it was  and i have been very thristy and sleepy. i have not noticed a problem with my bllod sugar before. i have had this problem with my levels being no less than  as my blood sugar and today is the third day since i have been checking it! please respond back asap!
what is influenza (flu)?
had sex and frenulum tore a bit a day or too after i started having itchy skin. whats the cause? . had sex it was dry and like only the tip went in my partner tried to go down more it but it started hurting so we stopped just about - minutes but when i went home and turn over my penis the corner of the frenulum was a tiny tear and i wash it off with water and it started to burn a day or  after i started having itchy skin not really itchy but it felt like lil mosquito bites all over there was no outbreaks or rashes or anything of that sort no immense scratching. and it comes and goes.
my husband had a vasectomy years ago. is it possible to extract his sperm and use it for artificial insemination?
identifying source of new cold virus
can i get chlamydia from the following things in my dorm room? . my roommate at college has had chlamydia for a week he is on antibiotics for  more days. i am faithful to my girlfriend and not had sex since last time i saw her which was about a month ago. i'm worried if i can get chlamydia from bathroom sharing like shower/tub toilet sink etc. can i get it from a door handle or things he touches? i wash my hands and keep myself clean as possible. i spray lysol in those areas as well should i be okay and not worry about getting it at all? should i get tested?
my wife kept taking primolut-n even after pregnancy is there a problem?
my husband has diabetes and has ringworm in a couple of places. should we get rid of our  cats?
itching that spread over my leg. it has been a year and has gotten worse?
can you get herpes from washing clothes together? . can you be infected with herpes  if you wash your clothes with someone who has herpes? and putting your clothes in the same clothes hamper could it be transmitted to your clothes?
what causes pulsating sounds in a person's head? . i am on a high blood pressure med and take it daily. but recently after going off an anti-depressant i have these weird pulsating sounds in my head that almost resemble a heart beat. it's not constant just weird. any ideas?
lost  since / injured my back and had surgery in / and probably again in /. how do i keep the weight off? . started nutrisystem /. . had my gallbladder removed /. . quit smoking on /. . / i got a shooting pain down my legs and soon after went numb between my legs. i had emergency surgery and am still in a lot of pain. might need a spinal fusion but insurance is fighting it. . how can i continue to lose weight when i am unable to exercise. i tried to do all of the right things to get healthy and am having no luck. any suggestions? . thanks . carrie
clogged ears. i had a cold about  weeks ago which is gone now. my left ear is very clogged in the mornings and i have extreme trouble clearing it. through out the day i still need to yawn to clear that ear. when i clear it my nose starts to run just a little. when i blow my nose there is popping and pressure in that ear. i feel perfectly fine and the only time my nose runs is when i clear my ears. whats going on? am i just over reacting?
how should i handle my baby's mild food allergies?
what kinds of activities can i do when i feel the urge to smoke a cigarette?
i have scabies will my family get them?
what causes psoriatic arthritis?
when i wake up in the morning i experience self-attacking thoughts and feelings?
my teen has add and is taking adderall. since it is a controlled substance shouldn't he be monitored by a neurologist? . my son is  and has been taking adderall for nearly a year. we first tried several behavioral techniques before trying meds to manage his add. we found a pediatric neurologist at that time. now his pediatrician is insisting that she can manage his care. my teen has not had any issues with the adderall so far but since it is a controlled substance i worry if something should develop a pediatrician may not have the specific experience to handle it. should i insist on keeping the neurologist?
can i find what my health insurance subsidy is likely to be in the exchange without entering personal information? . i am concerned with putting my information into the federal government's website.
a huge red bump appeared on my chin that pus came out after popped and the top skin peeled. the peeling is not normal. it came up and i popped it after a shower thinking that it was a zit and applied zit cream to it everyday. the cream i have has never made my skin peel when used before so i don't think it's a zit. it is very large but does not stick out a long ways just covers the equivalent of about two quarters on my chin and is painful. it's painful to the touch not throbbing but does hurt occasionally when my face moves and i have a somewhat numb feeling other than the pain. (hard to describe that).
"is coronary angioplasty with stent placement (in the setting of a heart attack) considered ""revascularization""?"
how long does it take for tonsils to grow back? . ive been feeling sick lately sore throat fever headaches cold sweat dizziness loss of appetite. i went in to the doctor and they said at first that it could be strep so the tested me and it turned out not to be strep so they said it could be an abscess in the tonsils i told them ive had my tonsils out since . im now . could they have grown back? and if so what should be the next coarse of action?
can you get thrush from oral sex with someone with jock itch
i am a -year-old male whose income doesn't exceed $  per year. . i'm in generally good health and only see a doctor once or twice a year but i do have some prescriptions that i take every day. without assistance they could cost me more than $ per month. which health insurance plan would be best for me? will i be entitled to premium assistance?
i can feel my brain moving around and i haven't done anything such as jumping around or shaking my head. is this normal
hi im a  year old female who is  feet tall. is there anything i can take that will help me gain a few inches. please
i was diagnosed with meningitis in january  i have no relief need second opinion?
i have urination problems could it be my kidneys?
i've heard conflicting opinions.  weeks of pregnancy what should my wife avoid eating and drinking? . we just had our first appointment and the md said it was ok for her to have caffeine sushi and a drink as long as it was in moderation. thoughts
always wondering about nose entry. so i know that if something big enters nose it will be stuck but what happens if liquid or really small crumb goes there?
can a urine test detect syphilis? . i had unprotected and  days later i noticed sores appearing below the head of my penis my lymph nodes swole up and it started to burn slightly when i pee. i went to the clinic at work a few days ago and they gave me a urine test which has come back negative and they told me i was good to go. . based on what i've read on the internet it sounds like i have syphilis. most of the sites say it is usually detected through a blood test. do i need a blood test or is a urine test sufficient?
what is ulcerative colitis?
diagnosed with patella tendenitis and physical therapy for  weeks plus steriods but it's just getting worse. i have had knee pain that started a couple years ago. just recently it has gotten to the point where going to school causes such pain that i've had to stay home. i went to the doctors  to be exact and i was diagnosed with patella tendenitis a month ago. my doctor said i was the perfect example of this injury. i was given anti-inflammatory and steriods(which ave finished) and pt. this pain is similar to when your feet fall asleep but it is an excruciating pain. i have no relief.
gastroenteritis ive had it for over a month should i be conserned? but i haven't been vomiting or naushous. the only thing i still have is that my stomach feels all crampy and when i eat i feel full and feel like vomiting but i dont
i was having dark and thickened spots in my finger skin for few months. now its started to crackle?
had a cough for a week and when i go to bed i get a drowning sensation. i barely get sleep. what's wrong? . i drink a cup of tea to sooth my throat take my antibiotic and a cough drop and the drowning sensation wont go away. i would cough and gag. i get headaches and feel very weak. not sure what is going on.
is blood poisoning contagious through sexual relations
if you can see your own eyes are your sunglasses not dark enough?
do cataracts hurt and/or cause localized headache
i had a soft tissue contrast neck mri it was a terrible experience is this normal?
my  year old son fell and his tooth went through his bottom lip. do i need to take him in?
what causes deep sinking feeling from chest in heart area through to the back with nausea? i am  female. myglogsb
in hospital now for  weeks for bacterial infection hematoma antibiotics not working can you help?
i had sex with my boyfriend friday night but he pulled out but got sperm on my underwear can i get pregnant from that?
i have type ii diabetes. what is the best form of exercise for my condition? . i take metformin twice a day and insulin in the evening. i would like a recommendation on a good exercise program especially since i have a busy and sometimes inconsistant schedule.
genital herpes transmission through mutual masturbation. hi what is the potential for gential herpes transmission from a male to a female via stimulation of the penis (dry and flaccid) then immediately rubbing the vagina with the same hand
is hormone therapy considered to be immunotherapy? . i am about to start hormone therapy for prostate cancer. i am trying to find out if hormone therapy is considered to be a form of immunotherapy treatment. this is an insurance related question.
is there a problem with my blood tests i have .  fever?
recently i have begun seeing - dark spots floating in my right eye. what caused this & what should i do about?
"my son is  @'"" . what can be done to help him grow. i am '"" my husband is '"". we are concerned about his height and want to make sure there is nothing we should be doing i. e. is there a medical condition we should check in to- pituitary? are there any vitamins/nutrients he should be taking? etc. although his voice hasn't changed yet there are some signs of puberty in progress. ( we want to give him any benefit that might be available or rather we don't want to overlook any possiblities)."
i was born with small intestines – now held together with pins im pregnant will pins hold?
can therapeutic oils help with pneumonia?
are cardiac problems commonly associated with lupus?
i lost nearly three liters of blood due to my placenta breaking i feel im going to pass out
lately i have a very funny feeling in my chest almost like a soft shock?
i am going to be  next june and was wondering what is the best supplemental insurance plan to use with medicare?
had sex  days ago i'm on birth control but i'm late and never have been when should i take a test? . i have been on birth control for  days. i have not experienced any side effects. on september / is the first time we had sex without condoms. sine then we have not used condoms as back up. now i'm late. the last time we had sex was four days ago. am i pregnant or is it a side effect? when should i take a test?
if i already have health insurance do i have to do anything as a result of the aca?
my son is  days in icu is it normal to cure infection for so long after suboccipital surgery?
how effective are natural remedies for colds such as zinc echinacea and vitamin c?
my father lives in an assisted living facility and is on medicaid. does he need to apply for a health insurance plan through the marketplace or is he automatically covered through the state?
what does fsh/lh level mean? . i am  years old had a tubal reversal on sept.  and had a hsg done and everything was okay. but still have not be about to get pregnant. so my dr tested my blood for fsh/lh. and my levels were .  and . . but what does that mean?
"why is the second toe on my left foot partially numb? . i only wear -"" heels twice a week for about  hours each time. other than that i am usually barefoot. actually i spend most of my time laying down."
do you remember a seizure. i do not remember anything i did not feel well i do have stage  lupus i take hydroxchlor my joints will swell in just a matter of  min. my daughter said i was walking and all of a sudden started shaking and was rigid starring and not breathing then i woke up to an ambulance ride to the hospital.
i had a full blown grand mal seizure now having pains right beneath my right ribs?
will xanax and cymbalta help with bipolar anxiety and cluster headaches? . i take roughly  pills per day for other problems as well which has caused recent stomach and liver pains. i'm hoping that this combination/ substitution will cut the number of pills down while covering the array of chronic problems.
is it safe to take thyroid support by natra bio? it works for the reasons i took it but it is self prescribed. my father has thryoid problems so it runs in the family. i had unexplained weight gain and loss it fluctuated within hours. i had low energy and was easily streesed depressed and then happy. i started taking the thyroid support and have found that i have tons of energy am pretty consistently happy and loss of weight ( which matches how i eat). however every doctor i have gone to says my thyroid levels are fine.
when is the best time to conceive?
my son is lawfully here in the u. s. his - card and sevis number will prove this. . before he turned  he was covered under my employer's health insurance. when he turned  he became out covered and is now under cobra with conexis and i am paying a lot for it because he has type  diabetes and is insulin dependent. i want to find him a more affordable plan. is he eligible for the new plans offered under obamacare?
what supplements are good for omega  other than fish oil or krill? . since i am highly allergic to iodine and shell fish. i was coded once in hospital even after being preped for the iodine dye reaction. this was many years years ago. my now has suggested no fish of any kind due to the severity of reaction unless i have an epi-pen on me at the time ready to call .
what does colder weather mean for my asthma?
can surgery correct hidden or buried penis?
what is a good pain management treatment for lower back pain? . i just completed augmentin  tabs for a sinus infection. i am scheduled for a epidural into the  region could the augmentin cause unwanted side effects
fetal echo cardiography done doctors suggested to abort but we want to continue?
in a auto accident now my lower back is hurting been a month why? . i was in a car accident one month ago i cracked my rib and had whip lash in my shoulders and neck. but two weeks ago my lower back started killing me. it hurts from the time i get up till i go to bed. is this still whip lash?
why can't psoriasis be cured?
i have a burning cramp sensation in my stomach area usually on the left around the waist area?
my  year old daughter has tricuspid valve regurgitation nausea getting worse?
i have a itchy rash that comes and goes what could be causing this? . the rash appears in different areas of my body for an example a rash showed up on my wrist and stayed a while and went away. later the same day it appeared on my stomach and then on my thighs etc. its itchy while it is present. at one point my hands first turned red and then start to itch really bad to the point i had to wash my hands repeatedly. i work in the medical field so i wash my hands a million times a day. what could be causing this reaction?
small thrombus in distal right pulmonary artery should i start taking xarelto (rivaroxaban)?
will lemon juice help acne
what medications can result in a false positive for illegal methamphetamine in a urine analysis who's never used before. i'm having bariatric surgery my labs came back pos. for methamphetamine when i've never done any drugs in my  of living. are there otc/prescribed meds that could cause this? because of the results they want me to do treatment & wait a yr before surgery-which is for my severe acid reflux/obesity. i'm mortified since i've never used illegal drugs i'm on several prescriptions it has taken me  yrs to finally get my insur. to cover this surgery just to have this happen? ! please help!
do you remember a seizure. i do not remember anything i did not feel well i do have stage  lupus i take hydroxchlor my joints will swell in just a matter of  min. my daughter said i was walking and all of a sudden started shaking and was rigid starring and not breathing then i woke up to an ambulance ride to the hospital.
is ambien harmful to the fetus? . newly pregnant is ambien sleeping medication harmful to the fetus?
how can i acquire the morning-after pill?
my mother feels anxious claustrophobic lost appetite and lethargic?
why do babies get eczema?
how does the doctor diagnose psoriatic arthritis?
"i live in new mexico which is a non-federally funded state. . i've been told i must purchase a marketplace plan through a site called ""be well new mexico "" but the site doesn't operate and has been down for days. is there any other way for me to obtain health insurance before the dec.  deadline?"
could medications i'm taking be causing my heartburn?
i have sores on my scalp and think conditioner is the cause. for a couple years i have had small sores dotting my scalp that can be itchy especially if i go a day without washing my hair or after i dye it. my grandmother has a similar condition and she believes that using conditioner while washing is a cause. she has stopped using conditioner and i think her sores have gone away. i cannot stop using conditioner because my hair becomes very dry and brittle when i do not use it. but i am not sure if conditioner is the exact cause to the sores.
i am postmenopausal. can i still get pregnant? . i am  years old and have not had a period since may .
can use of vibrator during pregnancy affect unborn baby's brain?
if you had chlamydia before and treated can it come back again? . i've had chlamydia before was treated and cured. is it possible for it to come back again on its own or once treated is it gone?
hiv test is non reactive is further testing required?
can you still get pregnant if you have had fallopian tubes removed? . having pregnancy symptoms but youngest child is  old. .
"how do i lose the last  pounds? i eat relatively health vegetarian and stay active. am not overweight but not ideal. i've been a vegetarian since i was  and love vegetables and naturally low-fat foods. i exercise - times a week and enjoy hiking and walking as well and have since childhood. i've never been overweight but i've never been able to get to my ""ideal"" weight either. i'm '' and . my goal is . the closest i've ever managed was  (and i was practically starving myself). i do have mild hypothyroidism but it's under control. . any advice or notes on something i could change?"
i have melasma that developed during my first pregnancy. is there any way to get rid of these dark spots on my face?
i have attacks of severe upper abdominal pain that feels like pancreatitis the doctors dont know whats wrong?
is va insurance affected? . i have medicare and va benefits. how am i affected by aca?
will a scratch on my pupil heal by itself? . i just scratched my eye with a piece of paper it was just enough of a cut to make my eye partially blurry. will this heal on it's own or do i need eye drops or something?
ive suffered from episodic ataxia type  all my life?
why do i get sharp pain in my head after orgasm?
"hello- i am a  year old female "" &  lb & was diagnosed with pcos at . i've always been active & extremely healthy. spironolactone & an iud helped with acne & pain but in  i had an ovarian torsion requiring surgery & they saved my right ovary. i began having hair loss from telogen effogen & reoccurant yeast infections- i was diagnosed as pre-diabetic & cut sugar our from my already low sugar diet. fast forward to january of this year i went to the er due to pain from another torsion on the right side & again the ovary was saved. i was put on ortho tricyclen lo & still have my iud & take the spironolactone but had horribly painful cysts last month which brought me to the er but with no torsion they did nothing. the pain has been intermitten since & is getting more severe. it feels like ice cubes in my ovaries & warm water/electic shocks down my thighs. i had the hpv vaccine but my last pap showed up irregular & the biopsy of cysts got lost. any thoughts on what happening?"
is hepatitis c contagious?
what kind of doctor repairs a hernia
can i get pregnant if he cumes inside of me knowing i dont take my birth control pills regularly and skip some days. i have been taking the pill for over three months. i don't always remember to take it so i skip no more than two or three days plus i don't take it at the same time everyday. if my partner was to ejaculate inside of me will i get pregnant?
can a  mg prozac capsule be opened and added to water to swallow?
does l-lysine help with genital herpes?
i have lot of acne scars on my face that make me look ugly. please suggest me treatment for the same.
how does alcohol affect pregnancy?
i developed sever chest pain under right breast by rib cage?
what are the symptoms of a brain tumor in adults?
i am diagnosed with inflammatory bowel disease unclassified (ibdu) dont want to stop treatment for another colonoscopy? now have to go for another scope
is there estrogen in vitamin e
can seisure medication along with birth control stop your periods? . my grand-daughter has cerebral palsy with seizures. she has had a normal period since she was  yrs old. for the last  months. no period. she has been on birth control she has taken it for over a year. not pregnant. what can make her periods stop.? she is  yrs old and weighs  lbs. she has had cysts on her ovaries before that had burst and she ended up with a urinary tract infection and bladder. i took her to the dr. and blood tests were taken. thyroid is ok but she a high white count.
symptoms are similar to angina tests all ok doctors are stumped could it be coronary microvascular disease?
i got my period while doing sex on aprl . im having menstrual pains bt i didn't get period till now. am i pregnant?
what non-prescription sleep medicine can i take while pregnant?
how can i make it easy to eat nutritious foods?
im taking actoplus met xr for diabetes. is there a generic version that is cheaper?
when did i get pregnant if im due february  ? . i had sex on may  the  and several days after. what day did i conceive if my period usually lasts  days every  days or so?
what are the health effects and symptoms of mercury exposure or poisoning?
is infant soy formula safe?
i have a rash under my right breast and i have been useing tac . % and its not helping what could it be
my father has the blood pressure of / what does it mean is it good or bad
my fart hurt the back of my head on the left side? . this is a stupid question but i farted and the left side of the back of my head started hurting for a few seconds. did this fart damage my brain or anything?
"adderall causing symptoms or anxiety? . when using i get no feeling of concentration. left lower side abdomen above hip level has dull pain and feel twitches every once in a while accompanied by lower back pain/heaviness. whenever i take adderall i can't focus like i used to instead i spend hours searching for what could be wrong with me. i am not sure if the adderall is causing me to experience anxiety that is making my mind experience ""ghost"" symptoms or if the back pain is causing abdominal pain from constant poor posture. . ."
how should i take omeprazole and levothyroxine which are to be taken in the morning four hours apart?
how long should swelling last on a broken bone? . i broke my toe  weeks ago (it's been xrayed) the bruising is almost gone but the swelling seems to be getting worse. should the swelling be gone by now? should i return to my doctor?
i wake up lean and by time i get home from work have bloated up all over to the point my face is like a ball?
can getting the flu shot raise blood pressure? . i have been monitoring my blood pressure for about  weeks now and the readings have been normal (/) but i noticed ever since i received my flu shot from a few days ago my blood pressure has been reading higher (- range/). is this a side effect of the flu shot?
"chances of becoming pregnant? . was recently diagnosed with pcos (not a severe case just hormones off balanced and testosterone was high) dr put me on metformin about  weeks ago. saturday night i noticed some a bit more discharge than usual and sunday it was definitely ewcm. had unprotected sex saturday night and sunday around  and again at . this morning when i went to the bathroom at  there was some ewcm and now i am just ""wet"". how likely is it that i can become pregnant?"
do fibroids cause high blood pressure
i had major heart attack active thyroid crohns disease diverticulitis bronchitis. whats wrong with me?
i need to be on long-term oral antibiotics and topical treatment for my adult acne. why can't i use an oral antibiotic? . my dermatologist started my regimen that way and my acne and the constant itch cleared within days.
what should i do about hyperhydrosis im  and sweat through every shirt i wear? . i sweat mostly everywhere not just one place and i can't stop it. i think i get nervous in public and social situations. i go to high school and can only where a few zip up sweat shirts that i won't sweat through. i hope. any other shirts i will have big sweat stains under my arm before i even leave the house for school. i don't know how i can fix this problem and it is really hard to live with because i cant where what i want like other girls can.
i was diagnosed with pandas syndrome i often run low grade fevers have fatigue and chills?
what are the treatment options for children with depression?
what medications and treatments are available to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder ocd?
my dr. did blood work and it showed a strand of genital herpes and i'm pregnant. what do i need to know or do?
weakness after sex. i am male.  years old. not diabetic. .  m high.  kg weight. no allergy. taking seroxat cr  daily for my social phobia. no high blood pressure. no disease. after having sex i feel sluggish and lack energy for two days. what should i do to feel ok after sex. should i eat or drink something right after sex? or in the morning at breakfast. please help
i get drug tested and am about to take cialis for the first time. should i worry about positive results on teh drug test. i am worried that if i take the cialis (although prescribed by my doctor) that it may show up positive when i get my ua? is this possible?
i am having surgery monday morning and my whole family is sick with a cold. what can i take to keep from getting sick?
"what foods should i avoice for meneire's disease? . my doctor told me to eat a ""no salt chocolate wine cheese and caffeine diet (a migraine diet? ). can you provide me with an established diet that avoids triggers for meniere's?"
i have blisters on the inside of my lips and on my tongue. what kind of doctor should i see? . i also have multiple sclerosis hypothyroidism incontinence bipolar borderline personality disorder and an addict. i smoke. i do not drink or eat spicy anything. i am a  year old woman with no children.
can traces of cocaine be passed on to another person through lip and/or tongue kissing and show up on their drug test?
i have  small mole on my eye amd many ( - ) in my body. how to remove this without sideeffect? . my age is  male
ive heard that i shouldnt weigh myself every day and only once each week – what is the best way to monitor my weight?
what kind of skin problems can radiation therapy cause?
is leucoderma curable?
can you get pregnant from genital rubbing without ejaculation? . my fiance and i were fooling around the  october. i ejaculated nowhere near her genitals. i did not urinate after the ejaculation. she got on top of me and our genitals rubbed without any penetration. i did not orgasm. we are both virgins. on the  november she did a home pregnancy test as her period was late and the result was negative. she later did  different (brands) pregnancy tests on the  november and it was also negative. her last period started around the  or  october.
what is the best otc medicine for any skin infection?
i have been experiencing headaches that make me vomit im wondering if this could be hormonal?
why am i urinating more than  times a day?
herpes cold sore or angular chelitis? . this thing appeared on the side of my lip that looks like a blister but is split in the middle. on either side of the split there is excess skin and it hurts when i open my mouth. when it was closer to healing there seemed to be a yellow crust around it. i have never had a herpes cold sore before so it's going to break my heart if i have just gotten the virus. it's taken about  weeks to heal probably because i messed with it in the beginning. never noticed and small blisters though.
can peripheral neuropathy and bipolar be related. since i was about  old i started to show signs of bipolar and peripheral neuropathy (tingling hands problems with my feet bruising and difficulty walking stiffness in my neck and back). my family started to suspect that i was bipolar after the birth of my first son and about that same time i saw a chiropractor that told me i could have peripheral neuropathy. i haven't gone to get anything diagnosed but i wondered if there could be a link between the two?
what are some easy ways to serve apples?
i think i may have lymphoma or lupus what to do next?
had anal sex by using codom but still got late period? . my boy friend and i had a anal sex he licked my anus and vigina and used sliva as lube. and during penitration he used his sliva to moisturize his penus while he was wearing condom. but now my periods are late. please help me what to do
i had surgery on friday i noted a swollen lip how could this injury have occurred?
spider bite on the ankle has become infected deep red hot to the touch. what wound care is recommended? . infection after a bite from either a spider or mosquito. i must have broken open the skin when it began itching almost () days ago. i woke up last night to a very swollen right ankle now entire foot. wound has closed up but site is deep red in color hot to the touch and getting more painful w/ any pressure applied. cold compresses are not working. how do you know if it's puss building up? how can i safely remove the puss? no insurance so need at-home skin infection remedies!
i suffer from neck and shoulder blade pain for  years now and the doctors dont know what is wrong and its getting worse?
i was diagnosed with carotid artery disease last year wondering if what my doctor has done is right?
 weeks  days late for af i went to dr for a pt a few days ago and got a - my breast became very sore yesterday. . could i be pregnant? since my breasts became very sore day before yesterday does that mean the hcg hormone has had time to be able to show up on a pt and get a + result? im more tired than usual sick to my stomach at times back hurts face is breaking out should i get another test?
i have a middle ear infection doctor gave me a prescription for amoxicillin need second opinion?
what about follow-up care after radiation therapy?
will heroin show up during fertility blood work? i'm having cycle day  blood work prenatial pannel and genetics. i don't usually do drugs and of course i did right before my period and now i have to get bloodwork done. will my doctor be able to tell? will they test for drugs?
my son has been experiencing leg pain we are not getting any answers and hes suffering?
if your patient wanted to go off meds and had no major episodes of manic depression for a while what would you advise?
what increases the risk of getting athletes foot?
do i need to exercise to benefit from vitamin c
is ezcema an autoimmune disease?
cough that wont go away doctor prescribed decongestants antibiotics and steroids need second opinion?
when is the best time to take vitamins in the morning or at bedtime?
what should parents do if their baby is overweight?
what are the symptoms of dry mouth?
my sister was diagnosed with acute neutrophilia. is this a form of leukemia?
what is a medicare extra help plan?
is it better for young adults to stay on their parent's health plan or get their own?
i thought this health reform was supposed to help lower the cost of health insurance and help people afford insurance. if this is true then why did the price of my insurance not go down $ per month?
my last period was / and i had intercosre on / i started spotting on / am i pergnant?
i started to have bleeding in between my periods i have also developed a white tongue and dry mouth something is wrong with me?
i ejaculated while my girlfriend was grinding into me we were both only wearing underwear. can she still get pregnant? . i was wearing only wearing tight under armour underwear and she was only wearing lace panties. her underwear was wet after probably mostly from her but maybe a bit from me my underwear was very wet and she was right on top of me. can she still get pregnant even though our genitals never touched? can sperm travel through two pairs of underwear? her period isn't for two weeks and were freaking out. she took plan b  hours after.
getting sick overseas. i'm presently in india and this past week i've had the chills aches headache stomach pains no appetite notice eyes getting little yellow and my urine is a very dark yellow. a few weeks ago i had food/water poisoning. saw the doctor took what he prescribed and felt fine a few days later. thanks!
what medicines can cause your skin to turn blue?
my doctor prescribed belviq xr() and phentermine() for weight loss?
i was unable to get health insurance due to a pre-existing condition. . as a result i don't have a primary care physician. will i have trouble finding a physician because of the influx of new patients from the affordable care act? how do i go about it?
natural home remedies for getting rid of lice. what works and what don't. like vinegar should it be white or apple cider? does spearmint in mouthwash keep lice at bay? olive oil baby oil which one works? spray for the house i can make at home.
what is pneumonia?
had an abortion  days ago. the next day i was fine but since then i've been in agony getting worse and worse. normal? . i had my abortion on saturday due to medical complications (endometriosis and cysts). on sunday i was completely fine no pain just period-like symptoms. since early monday morning however i've had sharp dagger-like pain in my vaginal area to the point that i'm screaming in pain when i wipe after i pee. my cramps have now turned into just pure pain and even my thyroid in my neck is causing me agony which is making me wonder if i have an infection as no antiseptic was used during the procedure
fainting nausea dark loose bowel associated with irritable bowel syndrome. i have symptom similar to irritable bowel syndrome. usually it happen very sudden acute stomach pain urgency to go to bathroom dizzy fainting nausea even vomiting. in addition i have dark and loose stools it has been this way for long time. i have this kind of episode several times. should i see doctor?
i am a hairdresser and the last  months i am experiencing painful legs constant pain?
can you have blood in your urine if you have an ulcer
what do bedbugs look like?
felt dizzy pain in left arm high b/p fast heartbeat rushed to hospital?
should medical marijuana be used to treat anxiety disorder
i'm having extreme pain inside mouth right behind top molar. the tooth in crooked and i was told by a dentist that it was fine a month ago. i went in with pain and swollen lymph node on left side. gave me antibiotic and sent me on my way. now not even a month later i'm in more pain and pretty sure i have infection. the tooth and guk do not hurt at all. its the area right behind it like the cheek or jaw i don't know. it hurts to eat or drink. i have no fever and don't feel sick other then the pain and under me jaw on neck is a little tender. i started myself on  mg clindamycin  times a day. started friday and dentist is closed today. please help do you think this is because of my wisdom tooth. i'm terrified i have a jaw infection or something.
much higher blood pressure when restingis it unusual?
blood tests done for rheumatoid arthritis positive or normal?
what is consider a diabete if your have low sugar level to be  then goes up to 
could a diagnoses of asthma be confused with hiatal hernia?
what are the symptoms of lupus?
how can i get rid of bedbugs in the quickest possible time and the easiest way possible?
what does a dash mean on a food label? . is it true that the dash listed on certain food labels just another way of telling you the number of grams in the food is unknown? . is there a book available that tells you what the dash on food labels means and what other symbols on food labels mean? . what should diabetics do when they can't find out the sugar content in a food from reading the label? .
i am  years old. should i be seeing a family practice doctor or an internist
i have full body burning vibrating tingling numbness all over?
are there ways to prevent earaches from colds or ear infections?
whats wrong with me? . i am  and was diagnosed with pcos on march . on this past saturday i have been experiencing lightheadedness dizziness sweating nausea weakness and blurred vision. i went to urgent care on tuesday night and the doctor is referring me to a gynecologist because she thinks somethings wrong with my ovaries. it's now thursday september   and im still experiencing these symptoms. whats wrong with me
what oral medications are used to treat osteoarthritis?
can cephalexin be used to treat a uti?
can you find out your pregnant in a week? . can you tell your pregnant in a week?
i have an anxiety problem?
can hand sanitizer hurt newborns
my daughter just turned . the inside of her lip is connected to her gums between her two top teeth. is this normal?
does daily hookah smoking at - stunt my growth? height? maybe the reason is my moms' death for my shortness?
can adenoids effect breathing through the nose
i am  yrs old and have missed  periods. my tubes are tied and i am not pregnant. should i be concerned? . could i be going through early menopause?
"i had unprotected sex i took plan b and now i have my ""period""  weeks early and its lighter then usual. am i pregnant? . i've been waking up in the morning not feeling  percent i have been drinking more water then usual and i have been more tired. i took plan b about  hours after sex and its been about a week since i had the unprotected sex i'm scared i might be pregnant and this isn't my period its just spotting"
just started zoloft. doctor rxd abilify  for one month to deal with anxiety assoc. with starting ssri. is this safe? . i have taken  of clonazepam daily for  years with much success. i decided to start zoloft to deal with some panic attacks at work. when the doc suggested abilify for one month to ease anxiety that can come with the first month of an ssri i was surprised. this is an atypical antipsychotic and it seemed like overkill. is  abilify for one month safe? do i need to worry about tardive dyskinesia?
how can i find out if i've been infected with genital herpes?
what can i do if naps make me groggy?
i have been suffering from prostatitis there is presence of pseudomonas fluorescens need second opinion?
i am a  year old female diagnosed with gaucher disease type  help me understand my test results?
normal period. two weeks later bad stomach cramps discharge tender breasts and started bleeding (never happened before). this has never happened before. i normally get my period around the same time. and have never (im  years old) gotten two periods in one month (or after only two weeks after the first one). just started feeling tender breasts and discharge and then started bleeding. could i be pregnant?
can ear plugs cause ear infections?
my grandson is suffering with his tongue which was stuck to a metal pole when the temperature was -. help. my grandson licked a metal pole last week in well below zero weather. it was better after the first day but now  days later it is very painful. can anyone help with tips on relief for him?
pain-ring finger to the middle of arm before elbow for  days. started after i held on to stop falling. worse on lifting. its not bad( on ). earlier it was more painful but now it does not hurt as much unless i type or write. i have barely used my right hand for anything for the past month else the pain increases. it starts hurting at one point about five fingers from my wrist but pain goes away completely if i press down on it. it also hurts in the area below middle to pinkie. i got an xray done already so nothing there. shd i get an mri? if so only for wrist or forearm also? or shd anti inflammatories be enough? thanks
i have little tumors around my eyes. i was told that they could be removed but they would come back. what should i do?
the doctor said that i have carcinogenic cells with bacterial nature?
i suffer from a continuous reduction of hemoglobin?
can a tooth die due to rapid orthodontics treatment a month after braces were put on?
feeling of a knot on left side after eating just below rib cage. a cat scan was conducted and reflected no abnormalties in my abdomin. it happens after i eat and lingers on for hours. no pain at all just a weird feeling of a knot/pressure on my left side right next to/below rib cage. i can do anything i want physically/work outs etc. doctor thinks it may be trapped gas. anti-gas prodcuts have no real effect. i am scheduled for colonoscopy in  month. would that help determine what this might be? any suggestions as to what it could be? . thank you!
took a shot off my foot playing hockey it hit the ankle bone how can i tell if its broken?
is there a test for genital herpes?
i had a stomach reaction to an antibiotic on mon. it has been mostly resolved thus is it okay if i eat chipotle? . went to the er on monday and was a confirmed reaction to an antibiotic. the stomach has been healing and all week i have stuck to a bland diet. i feel ready to move onto stronger food but just want to make sure it is okay considering the earlier reaction.
will sex feel different when you're pregnant? . is it possible for penetration to feel different if i'm pregnant and don't know it yet? like does it feel different? more painful? tender? better? i searched questions on here but it seems nobody's asked this yet and i'm highly curious.
can you get pregnant through underwear? me and my boyfriend were dry humping with underwear on and cum got on my panties
am sick and having sticky sweat at night saturates my mattress and make sheets wet and under arms really stink. what is. i have had the flu and am having sticky night sweats that make my underarms really stink and also saturates my mattress and makes my sheets and gown really wet. what is causing this? is it the sickness coming out?
"lower normal body temperature = lower ""dangerous"" high fever temperature? . despite no hypothyroidism diagnosis from blood test & family history my normal temp is always a little low. i've been tracking my bbt for several months now and during follicular phase it's rarely above .  c. if ""average"" is  c and based on that average ""dangerously high"" is .  c should i be concerned at .  or something lower? last night i hit .  and it turns out i have strep throat. the dr. i saw today took note of my temps but said nothing."
can you get shingles only in the pubic area?
sounds absurd but very serious question. could you pay a doctor to inject champagne into my milk glands? . are there any associated health risks?
ive had rapid breast growth want breast reduction surgery what age should i typically get this surgery?
should i take probiotics along with my prescribed bactrim for my uti?
i just had a shot of coritzone for my dermatitis on my hands. had the shot one week ago. . now my tongue looks like i have thrush and is very sensitive. could this shot have caused it? . . thanks so much
can you have an appendicitis when you white blood cell count is normal? . symptoms are fever approx.  nausea stomach pain belly button area pain worse with excercise labs normal colonoscopy normal endoscope normal xrays normal and ultrasound normal this has been for the last  months fever once or twice a week
my husband experiencing intense foul smelling night sweats?
bleeding after frenuloplasty operation
i'm  and i've just recently discovered ejaculation and orgasms. i've been able to get boners since i was . most of the times i masturbated nothing came out but when i went for a long time sometimes i would have a few drops of something. recently i got really excited and a few drops of clear sticky liquid kinda oozed out of my penis. i think this is precum? and just now i went for a really long time and then my penis felt like it was squeezing itself rapidly and i felt really good and tired and it was kind of hard to get up. there was a little bit of liquid in my pants. is this normal?
i have really intense lower back pain. the chiropractor said it could be unbalanced hips. about a month ago i suffered from a really intense lower back pain. the pain started of as a normal light pain one morning when i woke up but it progressively got stronger to the point where it would hurt to sit lay and bend down. i went to a chiropractor and he diagnosed that my hips were unbalanced and that they had slightly shifted possible causing the lower back pain. is there anything that i can do to better this problem myself. such as exercise and stretching.
should i wear a knee brace since i had surgery and now have oa. damaged the inside right meniscus due to working seven days a week and lifting and pushing heavy stock. had surgery in  ever since my knee has stayed swollen gives out or locks up more often severe pain shooting throught it and it is bone on bone now. so do i need to get a brace and wear and perhaps look into some treatments that might help to rebuild the damaged knee?
i have a pierced tongue that i no longer want. can dermal fillers fix the hole?
i think i have herpes discoverd a big bump then little small bumbs by my vagina?
i have a infected boil. the physician prescribed bactrim ds does that sound right?
got period a week early last month and  days late this month. what's wrong? . we had sex the month before last month but were protected and nothing bad happened. however i did get my period last month early and now this month it's  days late. can i be pregnant? i have also been experiencing stress a lot more since two months ago and have a lot going on. are those factors?
skin infection and rash after cat scratch on leg. very painful and itchy. rash is small raised red bumps that peel. tenderness is present. the rash is not symmetrical around wound but more fan shaped. after two days infection has lessened less redness and heat. rash is persistent but has stopped spreading. what is this rash?
i need a ct scan how urgent is it?
what happens to someone when they get genital warts human papillomavirus?
can i take z pak (azithromycin  mg) while i'm breastfeeding a  month yr old baby
my husband is /o hx. of stroke  year ago. he awakened yesterday complaining of heaviness to his left arm?
can you fly when you have vertigo
im hardly eating anything and when i do i feel nauseous?
hello. i am an  year old cheerleader. i haven't seen my period since late october last year. any advice? . hello. i am an  year old cheerleader. i haven't seen my period since late october last year. since then i had protected sex once. the condom didnt burst or anything and i took two pregnancy tests that came out negative. also since october i had two serious falls on my back due to cheerleading and a chest infection. i was given two different sets of medication for these incidents. i'm a bit worried as to why my period is so late. any advice?
which doctor should i go to for boils. i have recurring boils in different places. i have a fairly large one now that s draining slowly. should i see a dermatologist or primary care doctor. also i am diabetic. help please
boyfriend's semen is clumpy.? !? ! . hi my boyfriend didn't used to smoke and his semen looked fine (i compared it to others) and now that he started smoking (synthetic marijuana) his semen looks clumpy and stuck together. i mean its wet but it looks like shredded parmesan cheese and its in clumps. i want to know like is it possible his sperm is still able to fertilize or is he shooting blanks.
what the matter with a doughnut and coffee for breakfast?
having trouble swallowing diagnosed oral thrush taking nystatin?
can hemorrhoid cream be used to get ride of your bags under your eyes?
i have or think i have benign prostatic hyperplasia bph when should i contact my doctor?
i have a small rash on both inner thighs only where my testicles touch. what could this be? . i noticed the rash while showering a few minutes ago. the rash is very small and only where my testicles touch my thighs. i also feel very small bumps on the irritated area. no rash on penis or testicles. could this just be chafing? it has been hot out and i usually don't skip showers but i didn't shower yesterday if that makes a difference. could it be herpes?
how to treat intestinal virus if antibiotics don't work. i have had an intestinal virus since nov. . diarrhea is the main symptom and it's going on the  month. well after a month of constant diarrhea i took the antibiotic cipro for ten days. my stools got back to normal for  days. once of the meds within two days i was back to dealing diarrhea once more and it has continued to this point feb. . i've supplemented with probiotics  billion morning and night eaten sauerkraut kimchi plain kefir and yogurt oregano oil. what next?
what are the treatment options for chronic sinusitis?
i started having intense sharp constant pain behind my right eye right temple area and backside of the right side of my head?
i have a rash on the back of my hand that wont go away. had it for over  months and now its spreading. what could it be. the rash is only on my left hand. i work at a fast food place where i hand bread a lot of chicken. i've had the rash for a long while but it just recently spread to the web between my middle and ring finger and has also gotten a lot bigger. additionally there are now five more smaller areas on the same hand that have broken out within the past two weeks.
could i be pregnant if i had sex on my fertile and ovulation days?
i had an x-ray and doctor determined that i have an ileus the pain and discomfort is persisting?
is it worthwhile to get a minor tummy tuck if i plan to have children?
will xanax help with my stress. i am so stressed out i feel sick cant sleep cold sweats my neck burns my face is hot and i dont know what to do.
can taking antibiotics for a long period of time cause an elevated  result?
what are some exercise tips for people with type  diabetes?
i have had very bad eczema flares. i have been on meds and have not changed any of my routines. why is this happening? . i have been to my doctors twice in the past three weeks. i was perscribed an oral steroid (prednisone) and that helped for the  days but it came back. i also use clobestasol propionate foam which is probably my  different topical steroid in the past  years. i have no changed any of my detergents or changed my daily routine. . what could be possible reasons to why i am flaring up so bad? i also try not to wear jeans or any cheap metal since i am sensitive to that. it hasnt been bad in 
 year old male. after bending all day at work get burning and itching in groin. no swelling or lumps.
should i seek immediate medical attention if i am having an anxiety attack due to new medication? . this is my  day on new medication. info on medicine says to contact my doctor if i'm having these symptoms but its late and everything is closed. also my chest feels tight and i'm having pain in my left arm.
how are teen boy genital exams done? are they done with the patient standing or supine? do they check for a hernia?
how do i safely stop taking simvastatin ( mg)? . i do not nor have i ever had high blood pressure. my cholesterol count before simvastatin was . . a stress test  years ago showed that there are no blockages or build up in my arteries my heart is in good shape; as a matter of fact the cardiologist told me i had the heart of a thirty year old. after learning about the dangers of this drug i am scared and would like to discontinue it. please advise. .
my wife is in her fifties and hasn't had a period in over three years. could she still get pregnant?
is hair loss a part of menapause and will it stop? . i had a parcial hystrectomy i still have my overies i am now  also have thymoma cancer and went through raidation a year ago. my hair just now started to fall out in clumps.
could getting pregnant while on birth control cause birth defects?
have pain that comess and goes right under my ribcage on the right side kinda like heart burn but wrong place any ideas? . its on the right side under my chest/ ribcage and almost debilitating at times started  days ago. i dont drink to much i guess i could say and ive tried antacids and alka seltzer with no luck.
i keep having chest pains when its not in my chest its in my back my arms go numb back burns i get dizzy and i pass out?
i recently contacted blue cross after  weeks of no way to get into the health insurance marketplace. . they pressed very hard to get me signed up now under their  plan and started asking about existing health conditions. they say they do not know if they will have any info on their  plans they can share before / or even by the end of march . is this really true or just another sales pitch to get me to buy health insurance at higher rates now? i've been uninsurable for over  years.
hiv test is non reactive is further testing required?
how serious are pregnancy complications in terms of future risk for heart disease?
i was hospitalized a month ago for a severe kidney infection nothing helped what should i do next?
can you become pregnant even if you took the morning after pill and had a very light period after? . you think you may have some signs and symptoms of early pregnancy and you are also on medication.
why does birth control cause you to gain weight? . i started birth control just  week ago and i've already gained  pounds! my eating is the same and so is my exercise so why am i gaining all this weight? is it water weight? if i stop taking the pill can i easily lose the weight?
for  months now i have had severe nausea. cant hold anything down?
i take toprol xl  and lipitor  can i take advil with them?
does dehydration cause anxiety and depression?
is it safe to take ibuprofen with vicodin? or is tylenol safer?
sick for + weeks started with mild fever but turned into a cold which has grown progressively worse and won't go away? . the main reason i am concerned is because there is a rattling in my chest when i breathe out. it's like i can hear the fluid bubbling around deep in my chest. when i cough up mucus it is yellow. i don't have a fever. day quil helps reduces the cough for a bit but not the stuffiness. i've also been taking my allergy medicine. my sleeping pattern is not very regular but i get at least  hours a night. is this just a very prolonged cold or should i go to a doctor because of the rattling?
i have a lump on breast with mucus colored discharge?
the day after my mirena iud was removed my period started. a week or so later i'm bleeding again. what should i do?
can stomatitis appear on hands? . my son is very sick they say it is stomatitis he has infected thumb and two other fingers are infected as well is this normal with stomatitis?
do penile pumps work?
can you go boating skiing and/or tubing while pregnant?
woke up with sharp/stabbing stomach pains for most of the day. it just disappeared all of a sudden. now what? . it hurt to move lie down or to sit. took a pregnancy test and it was negative. should i even get checked out?
i am a married home owner. my wife has kaiser health insurance from her job. . i do not have medical coverage for myself due to previously being unemployed and the high premium if added to my wife's insurance. i am  years old and my part-time job doesn't offer insurance. our previous year's income was  with estimated income for  to be . we both work but even our assets are under water. we are just making ends meet. what are my options under the new health care law?
had surgery for acoustic neuroma having secondary effects?
is it birth control or possible pregnancy? . birth control question.? . i had unprotected sex nov.  and then i started my birth control that following sunday nov. . i had completed a week of the birth control. my period was expected the week after but it never came. i have never missed a period and i have been on plenty of birth control. is this the work of the birth control or something else? i am on sprintec. serious answers only please.
am i pregnant? when should i take a pregnancy test? . may  was the first day of my last normal period. i had sex on my ovulation day in june. june  period came early and was light lasted until june . have been experiencing cramps constant crying gas moodiness headaches and having trouble sleeping. i have more vaginal discharge than usual it's either clear or a milky egg color. so i need to know if i am experiencing pregnancy symptoms and if so when should i take a test?
should i be concerned about hardening of the arteries at the age of ?
can apple cider vinegar help lower cholesterol?
how is parkinson's disease diagnosed?
black spot in right eye when looking at computer screen and in sunlight- months now. should i be concerned?
i have pink spots on the roof of my mouth. my dentist told me if they don't go away to let him know. what could they be?
why does my body temp rise when im sleeping and i'm burning up and everyone i know their body temps drop when sleeping
is it safe to be pregnant or raise a newborn  from highways? . where can i find information about pollution of different cities and neighborhoods to know where to best grow a family? . thanks.
my child struggles and tenses up so hard to pass stools. is there something she can be given to overcome this?
our -year-old grad student lives at home and we provide most of his support. . he has a part-time job and will earn about $  in . can we apply for a subsidy as a -person household or does he have to apply on his own?
what are the symptoms of gastroenteritis?
what's the best treatment for large deep pores on cheeks?
what can cause a burning sensation to appear suddenly on the soles of the feet and turn into fiery pain on standing up? . i've already had plantar fasciitis but this sensation is utterly different from the one associated with that. it is not occurring in my hands only in my feet both of them. i've tried running cool water on my feet and elevating them because when this takes places i experience as well bright deep redness of both feet and the veins and arteries in my feet swell up so distended that i become frightened my blood vessels in my feet shall burst! i walk a lot. do i walk too much? foot hypertension?
i had a semen analysis need second doctor opinion and more advice?
ive been diagnosed with a uti and have antibiotics that arent doing anything?
are there any over-the-counter treatments for cold sores?
what if a baby doesn't get a fever after recieving a vaccine? is that considered to be an abnormality?
for about  monthssick to stomach after eating short of breath loss of apetite. i take   twice daily.  months ive feltsick to stomach (sometimes nauseous or sharp pain left side of my belly button) short of breath loss of appetite. i take   twice daily had blood testand a ct scan came back normal. the dr i seen said its probaly and ulcer or gerd. what is the next step i need to take starting to get difficultt to tolerate. the feeling of not getting enough breathe is what is scaring me. dr listened to my lungs and said they sound fine. is it possible he missed something?
how can a person who married an american on medicare but never paid into it herself benefit from the afa? . . also there are people who lived outside of the us for many years return eventually turn  but do not qualify for medicare. how can they get coverage under the affordable care act? this particular person is caring for her very ill aging husband but cannot afford medical coverage.
my baby has esr result of  ( lab limit is -) and hemoglobin level of .  is it a problem?
my son is  weeks old and crys the whole time he is awake. does anyone know what could be wrong? . his umbilical coed fell off and he now has a hernia in his belly button since he lost it he has been very fussy i am very concerned that he has something seriously wrong with him. can anyone help me im to the point i am going to take him to the hospital
what are good treatments for rosacea at age ?
why could my healthy athletic  yr. old grandson have lost almost  pounds in a month? . his appetite has decreased. he used to be hungry about every two hours after eating like a normal teenager - a lot! he's playing varsity football and has been experiencing what appears to be acid reflux.
why my glucose level drop so much after consuming glucose doctor is puzzled and cannot give any answer?
can simvastatin and metformin be affecting my husband's fertility? we are unsuccessfully trying to get pregnant.
if you had shingles once can you have another breakout again?
hi. my mum has had a lump just below her clavical/collarbone. she had an x-ray and the guy said he didn't know what it was but he didn't think it was cancerous just to come back for a check up in  months. fast forward a couple months my mom went to her gp and she ordered an mri. the results just came back and it said she has a hypo intense  and hyperintense stir involving the first anterior rib. a subtle abnormal enhancement of the rib was also identified. everything else in the area looked normal. they said she needs to go back for a ct scan. she just had a benign brain tumor removed and now she has to go through this it's very difficult. is this something that sounds like we should be concerned about? what could this possibly potentially be? thank you.
i have temporal lobe epilepsy i feel extremely fatigued after meals is it diabetes?
another question. regarding the prostate cancer but isn't it wise to go see an oncologist? someone that specializes in the treatment and study of cancer versus a family doctor?
i have been having very sharp stabbing pains down through the top rt/rear of my head. the pain almost knocks me down. i have been having these pains for - weeks. i have had no previous head injuries. they just started out of the blue. they are not headaches they are in. . a dime sized spot on top of my head right side just off center back portion top of head. does that make any sense? these pains happen wether. . i'm standing or laying down. thank you for your time.
what are the tiny pink dots on my skin? . so i was in the woods over the weekend and got dozens of bug bites but i also found a cluster of tiny maroonish speckles on my thigh. could this be a result of spider bites? they look like little pink freckles. they don't really itch. please help.
what is an epidural steroid injection?
what increases the risk of getting bipolar disorder?
is it normal to keep spotting a couple days after losing your virginity? . it stopped with in a few hours afterward. then two days later started up again. how worried should i be? and yes i am on the pill.
diagnosed with anxiety disorder can anxiety make you have headaches and feel weak and tingles all day?
what is consider high blood pressure for a child age of  old? or can a  old have high blood pressure?
can i get pregnant from naked genital to genital rubbing (no intercourse)? also on the pill no period for  days now. please help! . my boyfriend and i have been together for five years now. we just began being intimate not having intercourse but there has been nude genital to genital rubbing but no semen involved i haven't had my period in  days now and i took a home pregnancy test but it was negative. i started a birth control pill minastrin three months ago. could i just be missing my period because of the pill? or is there still a chance i'm pregnant? what should my next step be? . please help!
kicking sensation in stomach negitive pregnancy test. i went to my primary care doctor in november and got a blood and urine pregnancy test done but they came back negative. for a couple months now i have been having some kicking sensation in my stomach at randoms parts of the day and have had some symptoms of pregnancy but they have gone away. can i be pregnant and have a cryptic pregnancy?
does acupuncture aid weight loss
taking more amino acid is good to cure the prolems caused by over-masturbation or make it worse?
a friend contracted ringworm and i touched his skin but not the infected area. what are the chances of contracting it? . a friend of mine from a youth group i go to recently contracted ringworm on his arm. he was with the group tonight and had the area covered with a huge bandage yet he would peel the bandage off just enough for people to see the ring and then immediately put it back on. i never touched the infected area but i did come into skin-to-skin contact with him during a couple games and activities. i washed my hands face and other possible areas of contact with soap but will i get ringworm?
can ceftin cause cold sores. i have got several cold sores since being on this antibiotic and im not sure if this could be the cause.
if i plan to retire next year but not before march does the march  deadline for health insurance still apply? . how far ahead of losing my current insurance should i sign up? it seems best to wait as long as possible so the government can get more bugs ironed out.
my elderly father will go from walking perfectly one day to not being able to walk the next. what's the problem? . normally my dad is able to walk and do normal things. but it can change in a single day and he is unable to walk and doesn't eat. when this first happened he had a uti. he took antibiotics and was fine within a day. but now it's happening more.
will lamisil tablets clear up eczema
how can my attitude about my bedroom affect my sleep?
i'm  weeks out from my partial hysterectomy via lavh and i did a strength training class today. . tried to take it easier; i was athletic prior to the procedure. i'm just a little freaked out that i screwed up hurt myself on the inside.
can an oncoming migraine cause sexual desire? can orgasms relieve the pain of a migraine headache or menstrual cramps?
period is a week early  months in a row. i know for sure im not pregnant. should i be worried? . i have been somewhat stressed and fatigued and i have started working out - times a week.
ache in the right back side of head  weeks. when i breathe through my mouth don't feel it at all only through nose. i have had an ache in the back right side of head for about  weeks. i don't feel any pain when i breathe through my mouth it only hurts(burning ache) when i breathe through nose. i can block the right nostril and also get relief that way. so it seems to be only happen through the right nostril. could this be a type of occipital neuralgia? does not hurt when i cough or sneeze or move my head. i don't really want to go for an mri if i could rule out anything serious.
i have darker face skin but my body is a lot lighter how can i get my original color back?
can one person contract the virus from another?
is masturbation harmful if one has hypertension? . as an older male without a female partner anymore i'm wondering if occasional masturbation will adversely effect my blood pressure.
" yr male '""  abdominal pain after eating on right side front and back vomiting nausea gas bloating cramps. weight gain in the excess of + pound unintentionally vomiting constipation diarrhea severe gas acid reflux even while on medication. symptoms get worse with eating and drinking feeling of bloated fullness with loss of appetite and lethargy. i believe my husband is exhibiting symptoms that involve either his liver or gallbladder possibly ibs but not sure. current doctor does not feel the need to look into the issues over the counter meds have not helped. just looking for some ideas."
i was getting my cycle every two weeks and today is cycle  and no period. negative pregnancy test can i be pregnant? . i was on depo and my last shot was //. i am currently ttc and in feb i started to take vitex and noticed my cycle was coming every two weeks so i discontinued use. in march i start dong quai to help regulate my periods and still the periods was every fourteen days. so when my last period started // i stopped the dong quai. now it has been  since my last period. i took two pregnancy test yesterday and they both were negative. did my period regulate or am i pregnant?
i removed an ovarian dermoid cyst by laparoscopy  months ago i am not getting pregnant?
can any weight loss program increase blood pressure. i went through edmark which gave me a weight loss program. called power  slimming & health program.  detox-shake off phyto fiber.  mrt complex fat burning.  balancing splina liquid chlorophyll.  rejuvenation edmark cafe & red yeast cofee for. thanks. shariff
pain in knee hip right leg. need key-hole surgery?
on antibiotics for over . fever wont go below . er trip? . went to dr and was tested for mono and strep. both came back negative. pain in ear and throat are making it difficult to swallow. been taking ibuprofen  and cold medicine but the fever will not break. when should we head to the emergency room?
i have multiple diseases like type  diabetes high blood pressure high cholesterol arthritis fybromyalgia?
i had cold coagulation for (cin) cervical intraepithelial neoplasia i have bleeding since that day?
i have had a thyroid nodule since diagnosed drained twice but it came back?
how should i choose incontinence products?
my teen has anxiety which is controlled by medication but dr wants to take him off the medication. why? is this safe? . my son was having hallucinations and was given antipsychotic meds  mos ago.  mos ago he was dx with anxiety and rx anxiety meds. he hasn't had hallucinations since.  months ago dr stopped antipsych meds. he is currently taking anxiety meds. hes doing very well and still no hallucinations. dr wants to lower dose of anxiety meds til he is no longer on med. his anixety was so severe it caused hallucinations. is it possible for a teen to outgrow anxiety to the point no med is necessary?
can a home pregnancy test be positive before you miss a period? . after lookin through all the answers to similar questions i still haven't really seen anything that actually answers my question exactly. i want to know whether or not these hpts that claim to know  days before your missed period are really accurate and which brand is most accurate? i stress myself out waiting for a missed period to test. i really want to try now and see. it's about  days before my period. but i don't want to use one i get if it won't be accurate stress is killing me
what causes epilepsy?
how can you get rid of fever blisters fast. i have a big fever blister on my top lip and another one coming up beside it how can i get rid of them fast
can you get pregnant on the  day of cycle even after using emergency contraceptive pill? . i had unprotected sex on the  day of my cycle and took an i-pill after  hours. i got bleeding for - days after a week of taking emergency contraceptive pill. its been a month and a half but i still haven't got my period. what are the chances of pregnancy or can it be because of the pill?
burning sensation in breast and water discharge. why do i have a burning sensation in my breast and a watery discharge five days after i ovulated this is the first time its ever happened can i be pregnant.
can epidural cause hemorrhoids
 mg.  taken in  hrs. should i worry. my  yr old took one at  forgot that i gave her one so she took one at  this morning. should i worry about this?
"painful clusters of whitish bumps on california and inside the ""lips"" on vagina. painful white cyst like clusters covering cautious and lips of vagina"
could i be pregnant. so i have a regular normal period every month but this month i am  days late now and for the past couple weeks i have had tender breasts. i have had no other symptoms so far. and if i happen to get my period although late should i still take a pregnancy test
parkinsons disease patient is diagnosed what r the main symptoms and is depression one of them? what r natural remedies? . my grandfather has had pd for awhile and i am just trying to learn a little more about it. . -michaila
does a migraine always include pain or can you just have light sensitivity?
my wife has cholesteatoma and it returned. will it returne the rest of her life?
what are the side effects of weight loss pills?
several questions. ). what happens to the libidio after the initial ejaculation. . i am  years old and enjoy a very healthy sex life (  times per week) at an hour each time. as f late i can get erect after my first ejaculation and then loose it in a matter of a few minutes. how many times can the male body go through this cycle in one session? why can't i maintain the erection? i have tried natural male enhacement pills and experience some effects. i have some stress and high blood pressure and take medication that controls it at normal levels (/).
can you take pills for yeast infection while on antidepressants? . i am taking  escitalopram and  bupropion daily for treatment of depression and have just taken a one-time dose of  mg fluconazole ( hours after the other two medications) for treatment of yeast infection. should i be concerned about drug interactions between these? what would be the signs and symptoms if there was a problem? and will they go away on their own since the fluconazole is just one dose or do i need to see a doctor?
is melatonin a dietary supplement for acid reflux?
my mom is in a depressionwhat can i do?
i suffer from daily headaches that vary in pain i have had no previous traumatic head or brain injury?
can you suggest ayurveda medicine for sinusitis?
marriied for  years - have sex once every - weeks. sex is overrated and not necessary to make me happy.
ringing in ears (tinnitus) from bayer back and body and advil. what do i do? . i pulled my back yesterday and was switching off taking advil and bayer back and body every two or so hours. last night as well as today i've been hearing a very loud hissing/ringing in my ears accompanied with what feels like pounding from a bass speaker. it seems to get louder in silence so i have to constantly have some form of noise around me otherwise it induces my anxiety due to its severity. . i researched and found it may be a severe side effect or the start of tinnitus. i am very worried.
do they really work to remove blackheads and how do they work?
i had yearly pap yesterday doctor says discharge may be yeasty frightened it is cervical cancer?
is ulcerative colitis hereditary?
can i smoke while taking zyban?
 month old with sneezing now has some coughing when sleepin blood in mucas when sneezes. what can i do? . my  month old has sneezing she had runny nose with this now it seems there is only runny nose after sneezing. no fever. she may cough after waking up a couple times i then attempt the nasal saline with a suction bulb. and have her sit close to the cool mist humidifier. i try keep the bedroom cool and always use the humidifier when ever she sleeps. active and eats well and hydrated. she is not coughing up mucus at all. started using hyland's baby tiny cold tablets. still do this or take  doc? .
whats the difference between norco and vicodin when they're both named hydrocodone/acetaminophen? . i think it was an error on the part of either a nurse or the doctor but after being discharged my prescription list read hydrocodone/acetaminophen / (vicodin) and the second one read hydrocodone/acetaminophen - (norco) so i'm confused am i supposed to take them or is it a mistake because they both named the same. somebody let me know if they made a mistake i don't feel like getting addicted or overdosing if its the same drug. they game it for my back pain
is it ok to exercise with a cold? . i have a cold and i just started getting back into exercising. i have a lot of trouble sticking to my exercise plans but i've been doing well. now i have a cold and i skipped one day of exercise but i'm afraid to keep skipping exercise days. i usually just do the elliptical for - minutes  days a week. is it ok to work out with a cold or will i make the cold worse? i'm on about day  or  with the cold (i feel it mostly in my chest) and my colds usually last a couple of weeks.
had pulmonary heart failure taking statins i now think statin drugs would probably kill me before my heart would?
are all health insurance policies after jan.   subject to minimum coverage mandates? . including advantage plans and hold over older policies kept in force?
precum on fingers and fingering pregnancy? . my girlfriend got her last period july  which means her next period is due on august . we have never had sex and she has never had sex with anyone before. i fingered her and ate her out but i can't remember if i fingered her with anything on my hand. she did not get her period on the  she just had light bleeding/ discharge for one day. is that her period or something else? she can't be pregnant because we didn't have sex. or can she? ! please help.
if i wore the same underwear for a few days during my treatment for chlamydia is it still cured?
please help could this be a sign of an std? . hi i have a question about std's. about  weeks ago i had sex and a few hours later noticed a small bump at the top of my vagina (not on the inside). it didn't hurt or seem to bother me. it almost looked like a pimple because it was pus filled but i left it alone and haven't put anything on it. its going away a little more each day but now it has been  weeks and its still not fully gone. also i'm somewhat itchy now. the bump itself has not spread nor does it hurt. could this be an std?
how to prevent headache in myopia?
how long does it take antibiotics to flush from your system after you stop taking. when taking cefdinir  mg for a sinus infection i developed diarrhea and can't seem to stop it. nurse line said to stop taking and it would take some time to get it out of my system. how long is that time?
i have got pimples all over my face. i changed my dermatologist twice since they proved me of no help?
how important is it to maintain proper form when weight lifting?
red rash that stared in the back of my arm. in the past few days its spread to the back of my legs chest stomach. it itches so ban unless i'm really cold.
mom has a horrible case of shingles from her spine down right leg. she had shot. / months of pain so far. why? . my mom had shingles shot  years ago. she has got a painful case from spine down her leg. she went from very strong to very weak in last / months. she can barely walk and her leg /foot is numb. what can be done to help her recover? why did she get it so bad?
my gf's period is late over  days now. we did have unsafe sex after foreplay like  mins and wear condom. pregnant?
is smokeless tobacco a safer alternative for diabetics than smoking cigarettes?
i am on day  of a cold. today the white area of my eye is red and a little runny. can my cold go to my eye? . i have been taking zicam since monday and it usually helps. but today my head and sinuses are so full. the redness in the eye is significant enough so others notice it. should i stay home from work tomorrow and should i call the dr.?
i had a bad fall pain is still the same?
im concerned about this open sore on my face?
my nose is bleeding and eyes are bloodshot red and i cant taste my food?
does crackers help with nausea. i got sick during the night and vomited twice. i haven't been able to sleep and i have a very bad upset stomach
doctor is suggesting that dialysis be done to get rid of the edema. i need a second opinion?
three days ago my husband's skin started to hurt. it started with a patch on his back and has spread. what is this?
i get out of puff by just sitting down had chest infection  yrs ago?
what's involved with electrical burns?
"i am a female paramedic and i contracted molluscum my husband of  years does not show symptoms. did he cheat. dermatologist diagnosed me with ""molluscum contagiosum"" i read up on it and as far as i understand if the first polyps show in genital area it is considered as a std. i have not been with anyone but my husband since april . my husband does not show any symptoms. as long as i know him he has has some bumbs on his hand which he states he must have had those for at least  years. (those bumbs sometimes are very vidible and other times hardly noticable) my husband states he did not cheat."
fingers numb and tingle belly bloated uti fallopian tube hurts?
i have had idiopathic intracranial hypertension now lose vision doctors dont know why?
is there a safe laxative that can be used while breastfeeding?
i have rocks and dirt in my knee. it's starting to affect my life. what can be done about it? . around age  i fell and had a very bad injury to my left knee. the wound wasn't cleaned properly and i have dirt/rocks underneath my skin. i am  now and occasionally i will feel a hollowness in my knee that makes it hard for me to walk--it feels like a disconnection between my thigh and leg. i don't want surgery but i don't want this to get worse as i get older. what are some treatments? if i had to have surgery what would that entail and how long would recovery be?
i am  and i'm going to be  and i still wet the bed i try to get over it but i can't so wat do i do
how severe is his concussion? . hi my boyfriend got into a fight  nights ago was found unconscious and was sent to the hospital. doctors say he suffered from a concussion. he has some loss of memory mostly of how he got injured and some information from sunday and from monday. when he got home he complained of headache. he didn't lose consciousness all night. when he woke up just now he noticed bleeding from his ears and he has a headache. i am wondering how severe was his concussion. will he be okay?
can an adult have  fever with the flu? . my  year old daughter came back from israel warsaw and jordan saturday evening. started feeling sick monday morning had  fever monday evening had severe diarrhea tuesday went down last night to  with taking advil every  hours. this morning wednesday she has .  fever. she had the flu shot. do adults run that high a fever with the flu? do you think she picked up something when out of the country? i am very worried.
what causes toxic shock syndrome?
my period used to be  days of bleeding. starting heavy and ending light. now it's only  to  days. . i had my tubes tied after my last pregnancy and i am  years old.
dizziness vomitting falling down hitting head. how do you check for concussion.? . my wife went to bed and a while later started to vomit. got up lost her equilibrium fell down and hit her head. she remained there for a few minutes. got up went to bathroom changed clothes returned and fell again at same place hitting her head again. evidently there is something causing the dizziness like a virus but with the dizziness of this how can we tell if she also suffered a concussion upon falling?
my  year old son started getting this rash around his left eye it is growing rapidly?
i have colon cancer stage  i have abdomen pain mri of omentum and lesions of concern?
why aren't the iron suppliments working for my animea? . i was diagnosed with anemia a while back and been put on a supplement that did't raise my levels. i then tried switching to the easy digest iron and my doctor told me to take at least  pills a day. my iron levels are still incredibly low. sometimes i think that it's just coming right out when i urinate because it actually smells like iron and you can sometimes see the little fragments.
how to safely abort pregnancy? . my friend has just tested positive for pregnancy. what are the safe drugs or methods to abort this pregnancy as she doesn't want to go through the surgical abortion. this is her  month. kindly suggest asap.
false positive pregnancy test?
i had lumbar spinal fusion on //. i am now having alot of pain. recommended procedure consider too dangerous?
if someone already has the flu this year can they catch it again this year? or are they immune for the year. this is for a two year post-chemo cancer survivor asthmatic who presently has the flu.
is it good to use a loofah on your face?
both sides of my face eyes and nose twitch (convulsive movement) what should i do?
im  and have rapid heartbeat shortness of breath and irregular heartbeat. whats wrong with me?
i feel i pass out from any type of physical exertion including very light physical exertion?
my boyfriend decided to come over to visit me for  days because we live in two different states. after sexual intercourse with a condom and we used multiple condoms to be safe in one night. we ran through  condoms in one night because we were uncertain about the infections and possibilities of pregnancy. we did not finger and only sexual intercourse. this was my second time attemping this and it did hurt quite a lot when inserting his penis. my problem is that after a couple of days we started on saturday and sunday it started to hurt on the following wednesday and thursday. the pain hurts a lot when i go pee and i feel like my vagina is burning making it uncomfortable to sit. i was sitting on the toilet for some time and randomly i had to go poop making everything go away after. now i feel fine with no pain. i also had a weird light headache as well for a bit before i went poop. p. s i know it's bad to check the condoms for holes but he checked for leakage with water.
i had carpal tunnel syndrome surgery still feel numbness?
i have had sex one time with a person infected with hpv. what is the percentage i will get hpv. they have genital warts.
what is an ophthalmoplegic migraine?
i have colon cancer stage  i have abdomen pain mri of omentum and lesions of concern?
bumps in my throat could it be laryngitis an std or throat cancer?
is hep c viral load measured in numbers or is the viral load either high or low with no in-between?
suffering from involuntary movements spasms doctors dont know what is wrong?
is it safe to go to the dentist when pregnant. is it safe to have the shot that numbs your mouth. . i have to have a root canal done and i just found out i am pregnant and want to know if it is safe for me to go?
should i reduce the size of my breast implants or remove them altogether? . i got  gel breast implants in  days ago. i'm still swollen but hate both the look and the feel of my body. others don't notice it but i feel uncomfortable in my own skin. i am a very natural person and decided to do this after breastfeeding  children for a long time and my breasts were small and saggy. i was hoping to regain my original size from before children. i am  years old ' and aobut  lbs should i remove them completely or get smaller implants? how long should i wait?
what if i sign up with a health insurance plan right now but discover down the road that it's not the plan for me? . how long before i can change it?
torn ligaments/ broken fibula. broke my fibula really bad but is not out of place been in cast for  months and they say required another  weeks why is not healing? and also will torn ligaments cause to heal slower for broke fibula? . i am lost and dont know what to do. form the same office doctor one say is ok in being more time in cast and another doctor says it might need surgery. please help
my husband is prostate cancer-free but the side effects of lupron linger. is there any way to reverse this situation?
i have all the classic signs of hypothyroidism but lab results normal. where to go from here?
im a  year old rwandan girl with asthma and thyroid condition getting worse?
if you do not have copd but the er thinks you do and treat you accordingly can that adversly affect your breathing? . mom had an infarcted bowl took days for them to find it i told the er she had copd although she had no trouble breathing on her own except for one incident and was at that time diagnosed w/ copd. she never took oxygen or any breathing aids after the diagnosis but since she was diagnosed i told the er. when she died they put the  cause of death as breathing failure. septic shock infarcted bowl and heart failure i think were in there as  and . .
what should i expect during week  of my pregnancy?
complete vegetarian exercise diet? how can i manage my diet? age:  gender: male indian height:  cm weight: . i am a pure vegetarian. i do not even eat eggs. as of now . morning: after waking up i will drink  cup of water and after one hour exercise for one hour. after relaxing body will eat boiled green peas nuts cocked soy and leaf mixture with oil  big boiled potatoes without boiled banana boiled quinoa  cup milk rice. lunch: rice with vegetable curry whey fruits. supper: chapati with green peas curry  cup milk. is it good to drink  cup of water at morning? kindly advise a good diet plan
should i see a specialist about an ongoing uti? my back hurts when i breath very tired and  doses antibiotics failed. originally diagnosed w/ a uti in jan. i was prescribed the sulfamethoxazole in feb. which i finished but never felt i recovered. month later still same symptoms and it turned out i still had a uti and they found bacteria on the culture. i was then prescribed ciprofloxacin hcl which i finished about  weeks ago and i still came out positivefor a otc uti test i took. now in april im waking up with daily back pain which hurts more when i inhale deeply. i am just not sure what to do at this point.
 days late on period with negative pregnancy test could i be pregnant or could it be something else? . i have a  day cycle and my menstrual cycle is very regular. i had some light pink/brownish spotting about  days after i should have ovulated i have been nauseated frequent headaches heart burn very tired nosebleeds and little to no appetite. i took a hmp the day of my missed period and got a negative result and waited  days and took another one with the same result. now i am  days late and have no signs of starting but am still experiencing all the above symptoms.
i'm allergic to aspirin. what can i take for my migraines?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of cheratussin ac?
im on weightwatchers- eat not a lot really – im sick of all this substituting what can i try?
could i be pregnant? . my lmp was in // and it's already // i got a pt done at the beginning of this week at first it was negative but after a while the second line appeared could i be pregnant?
i have been having pain behind and above my right eye for  to  days now?
how is anxiety blood pressure and joint swelling with pain related. anxiety panic my husband who is  has high blood pressure ( will not admit it) so when ever we have and argument or misunderstanding one of his joints will get extremely inflamed with swelling and pain. he takes aleve for pain and after a day or so the pain and swelling go down the doctors first thought it was rumuthoied artherites like last night it was his right arm that went numb and painful the day before it was his thumb a while before it was his ankle and so on
is albuterol a steroid?
can you give someone gential herpes if they drink out of your glass/straw
when is the common cold most contagious?
i was diagnosed with diabetes shouldnt my doctor suggest metformin?
kindly recommend an alternative for zincofer-xt.
which is best online shopping comparison website? . <link> - get paid to shop where you already shop. worlds greatest online mall is going viral!   stores in  countries. get points rewards and even make money! join for free! . <link>
i have made hiv / +  antigen test am i free from hiv?
when applying for health insurance what does the government mean by income? . is it the total income on your tax form or is it your taxable income?
can a person who has a stye go swimming in a pool
how long do you need to stop taking valtrex to get a shingles shot? . i've taken valtrex every day for a few years. .
i had a soft tissue contrast neck mri it was a terrible experience is this normal?
does penicillian effect the depo shot
what is pink eye and is it contagious?
what is niacin and what is a niacin flush?
can working in a cold environment make my ra worse?
i have been taking unisom to help me sleep. i started with one  tab but now take three per night. how do i stop?
"i iook like i'm  months pregnant. when i'm not. i am '-"" and weigh  lbs but all my life was never over  lbs until  months into my pregnancy where i gained  lbs. i look ""normal"" in the sense that i do not look fat and have no cellulite or hanging skin but if i don't suck in when i'm standing i look like i'm  months pregnant i have actually had people tell me i look good for being so far along. i have tried exercising and dieting and had success and lost weight but with no change to my stomach. help"
playing basketball and fell on left hand very painful yet no bruising or swelling. please help. i fell backwards and landed flat on hand. wasn't very painful at first but maybe adrenaline was masking the pain i don't know. i can still move my fingers almost normally but lower part of hand and wrist is very painful. should i continue practicing or would i risk injuring it more.
will the new options available this october still have a pre-existing condition clause? . a health conscious -year-old male was turned down by healthy blue kaiser and others because of a bmi in the obese range even though his primary doctor wrote a letter stating that he lifts weights and his muscle mass contributes to that bmi.
i lost my job in april and am struggling to pay cobra payments. . i have returned to school full time while looking for work. i am not eligible for may mainstream healthcare coverage options because of my medical history. what can i do?
my tongue mouth and back of throat are dry doctors and ent dont know why?
what are the main causes for dark circles under the eyes?
how can i relieve anal burning from diarrhea? . i am a diabetic type . i have diarrhea from the medicine and have a horrible burning on the inside. it is not hemroids. what can i take to relieve the burning.
is is possible to have the dtap vaccine separated into single vaccines? . have you ever heard of cases where the dtap vaccine is separated and administered as single vaccines eg in usa or canada?
i have a spot on my face can it be dangerous?
is chemotherapy treatments covered under obamacare plans?
i had an accident four weeks back and injured my foot
how far would a dentist recommend that you keep your toothbrush away from your toilet?
can antibiotic cream in nose decrease flu transmission?
can you pretreat shingles with over the counter vitamins? . the left side of my head has been very itchy and painful in areas. my mom brother has had shingles. also i have had the chicken pox and i had gotten the antiviral shot for shingles three years ago. very concerned
what could be causing constant dull pain in my right temple?
my -year-old has been coughing for six weeks and her  day z-pack didn't work. what will? . she has dark under-eye circles is losing weight and sometimes coughs until she vomits.
i've had tooth. and gum pain for over a week it's getting worse i have no insurance otc meds aren't helping. help!?
hello. i am an  year old cheerleader. i haven't seen my period since late october last year. any advice? . hello. i am an  year old cheerleader. i haven't seen my period since late october last year. since then i had protected sex once. the condom didnt burst or anything and i took two pregnancy tests that came out negative. also since october i had two serious falls on my back due to cheerleading and a chest infection. i was given two different sets of medication for these incidents. i'm a bit worried as to why my period is so late. any advice?
i understand that the exchanges will begin selling insurance on october  . . however it won't become effective until january  . is this correct? and if it is what is the purpose of buying insurance that will not take effect until three months later?
for the past two months i have been having breast pain?
i was diagnosed mitrial valve prolapse hard to focus and concentrate need ct or mri?
what are platelets?
i need to know what is wrong with my spine?
what could cause hair loss and nails cracking?
suppose i travel abroad will my health insurance policy be valid?
ok trying to get pregnant. my last period was // not period in july and now <negative_smiley> when i wipe blood is there but no. pad or tampon has to be worn. all test show negative even blood work. what should i do?
i take  ambien er a night. it helps me fall asleep but not stay asleep. i only get about  hours sleep. what can i do? . i wake up and start coughing. i'm not sick i don't have a cold. it's a nervous tic. it keeps me up and i never fall back to sleep. i've taken amitrypline ambien and ambien er. i am on welbutrin gabapention zyrtec d and also birth control pill. i have ocd.
my brother has been losing his hearing abilities since he was - years old?
"crazy ""weight gain"" on birth control? . i'm under-eating (i have an eating disorder but getting help) and i exercise vigorously for  days a week but i'm retaining crazy amounts of founding and ""gaining"" weight like crazy! what is going on? i'm a teen runner out on the pill to gain a period back"
i just noticed blood in my stool but have been taking high doses of ibuprofen the last few days. is that the cause? . i've been taking higher than normal doses of ibuprofen due to having the flu. i think that's why i'm seeing blood in my stool but don't know if i should go to a doctor. i've noticed it just once it was bright red not dark. thanks for any input!
what is a hernia?
ive been having left chest and shoulder pain and now severe left flank pain possible kidney damage?
is it safe to roast and grill with avocado oil? . as avocado have high smoke point is it safe to roast and grill with avocado oil or does it make a different that they are mostly monounsaturated fat when cooking?
can mixing antidepressants and diet pills cause serious side effects?
can i masturbate after having a d c. i had a d&c done yesterday after a miscarriage. i know i cant have sex for at least  weeks after but i was wondering if masturbating using clitoral stimulation only would be ok or if i have to wait before doing anything?
can semen on my girlfriends stomach wash down from showering and impregnate her? . recently my girlfriend gave me a handjob and i ejaculated on her stomach. right after she went to wash it all off but now she is worried that the water could have carried it down and impregnate her. she was still wearing her underwear and she changed it afterwards but we are still worried that it could have been washed down to her vagina and swam up into it. can someone please tell me if it s possible that semen could have trickled down with water and make her pregnant? thank you.
what is the difference between shingles and herpes? . i have had shingles across one side or the other on my butt and sometimes sores in side my tail bone or outside my vaginal area which i have been told may be herpes? i have had head and neck cancer. which ended up to be squamous cell carcinoma  surgeries / of my tongue removed  nodes and  weeks of radiation. i wonder about this . i have always had cold sores and canker sores. tested for hpv negative anyone have an answer? as to whether this is shingles herpes or what? anyone please
what can be a cause of trouble swallowing? . thyroid function is normal but still have problems swallowing
i'm on ssdi and must buy a certain amount of insurance to get medical because i can't afford my meds and mental health. am i okay now and will i lose medical when i reach  in  years and my health insurance goes down?
what is a basilar artery migraine?
if you've already started tamiflu can you still be tested for ?
i currently suffer from rheumatoid arthritis woke up in excruciating pain?
i have itchy skin at the back of my right thigh what kind of skin condition is this?
i spent some hours in the snow. i don't feel like i have a cold but i now have pain in my lower ribcage. i wore gloves and layered clothing and i felt fine but recently i noticed pain in my lower ribcage and a heavy feeling when i breathe in. i'm worried i may have gotten phemonia
what medicines can you take while pregnant? my pregnant wife mainly takes tylenol pm and has avoided it 'til we know. we need to know if she can take stuff like tylenol pm robitusin aspirin excedrine advil and basically any over the counter stuff for colds mucus headaches and body pain.
can vulvar cancer lead to breast cancer?
what is the difference between prilosec and prevacid?
lump on neck spine family died from cancer can this be cancer?
why am i getting red faced when i am in new social situations? . i'm a  year old male and am noticing that i am involuntarily blushin alot. if i like a girl someone makes fun of me don't want to be called on in class upset hot cold. i hate it. it is killing my confidence. what can i do?
should i take the  pill for brain growth stimulation? . i have been reading that this pill protects and sustains growth of neruons in the brain. but i see no side affects listing. is it safe for the general public?
ive been having this right side pain for some time now my stomach is hurting as well?
what are the symptoms of a cataract?
can i get pregnant a week after the really really fertile day
i have these small white specks slightly smaller than dandruff in my arm hair what are they?
what is the difference between singulair and montelukast. im afraid to use montelukast sod. what is the diffrence? there has to be thats why its cheaper i have really bad allegies.
took a punch to my lower right chest. no external bruising but still painful over a week later. for why? ! <negative_smiley>. my girlfriend and i were horsing around and she unexepctedly hit me in the chest. it has been about a week or more since then and the pain hasn't really ebbed much - if at all. no. visible. bruise developed but i'm wondering if there is internal bruising of some sort. i sometimes feel bone clicking when i move my right arm in certain directions; i'm a little worried that something is cracked. no medical insurance at the moment but should i see a doctor and get an x-ray?
can chewing gum affect fasting for blood tests? in particular can it affect estimated glucose levels?
ive had  knee operations knee feels like loose?
how can i avoid overdoing exercise?
can cocaine cause elevation in lfts?
i am in a deep pain and stress due to the lower right rib pain?
i got sick after going to my doctor she gave me  antibiotics flustat adco cyclizine for my ears and pain tablets?
"what is bipolar depressive type? is that a seperate type of bipolar or is that what a doctor calls a depressed episode? . i was released from a psychiatric hospital and in my discharge papers the doctor had written ""bipolar depressive type"". i had never heard of that before. i was wondering if a depressive type of bipolar actually exists and what that is? is it a subtype of bipolar or did he maybe just not know what to diagnose me as? . thank you!"
how long is mono contagious?
what are the symptoms of high blood pressure?
can blood thinners cause cancer. can blood clots and medications for blood clots cause cancer.
i am scheduled to go on mission trip to build a house but i am pregnant should i go?
what can i do to relieve the pain from a latissimus dorsi strain and when can i start running again?
sperm still present  months after vasectomy? . my husband had a vasectomy in october . he then spent  months fighting a post-vasectomy strep infection. he's finally been well enough this past month to give his semen samples for a post-vasectomy sperm count. his sperm numbers are still pretty high. is this normal? or could the  different antibiotics / injections he had to fight the strep have interefered with the effectiveness of the vasectomy?
i have been diagnosed with a chairi malformation experiencing a lot of widespread pain is it autoimmune disease?
my tongue hurts real bad. it's. swollen cracked the edges top and bottom has a burning feeling can't. eat drink ect.
i have yeast infection. came back with a vengeance.
is it true that clomid should never be given to someone with endometriosis?
can a woman on birth control get pregnant if during sex the guy ejaculates outside her vagina and the condom came off? . guy pulled out and condom stayed inside girl. ejaculated on or near the girl who still had condom in her. girl washed off after and threw away condom. condom did not break and girl has been on the pill for years. is it possible to get pregnant from something like this happening?
should i keep a bandaid on a ruptured and drained cyst? . it seems that all of the stuff is out of it now but it had drained last night and has started to have more stuff come out of it two or three times since but the last time really seemed like it's all out. i poured epsom salt water over it (it's on my cheek) and put a bandaid on it incase more stuff decides to come out. should i leave the bandaid on or should i take it off so it can breathe and dry out?
i went for an x-ray and found out i have a faecal overload?
i was laid off and am paying cobra. do i qualify for the exchange plans? my cobra is very expensive.
can you use lasers to treat varicose veins?
i had a stillborn baby on  june  after  weeks of preganancy. when can i try to conceive again?
how should we care for our son's circumcision?
im hardly eating anything and when i do i feel nauseous?
what kinds of foods will boost my immune system?
what are the symptoms and signs of bed bug bites?
i have a full thickness tear in the supraspinatous tendon with  mm retraction. do i have to have surgery?
does stomach fat decrease insulin effectiveness
can hives be a result of lupus?
ive gotten a yeast infection just before my period for  months. i used an otc treatment and diflucan. what can i do?
my daughters blood tests show some scary diseases and syndromes online?
can i still be pregnant despite + false home tests. sensitive breasts lower backache and iud moved
what are the main risk factors for infertility?
i am a legal permanent resident over  years old and living in connecticut with an annual income less than % fpl. am i eligible for government subsidies for health insurance through connecticut's health insurance marketplace?
help i think i may have herpes. i have alot of the symptoms im so frightened i'm only sixteen i know evey person i have ever had sexual contact with but i have no idea who it could be or how i could have gotten it i have fever chillsconstant head aches groin pian itching in my vaginal area pain little hard tiny blisters on the outside of my vagina and analits very painful down there and right now please help me
can i get pregnant with anal sex? . i m  years old me and my boyfriend had anal sex about a week ago. it was not actually a proper sex bcz the sperms didn't entered into my body. is it possible to get pregnant? i am not having my periods as well. more than  to  days have passed and i m still not having periods. can you please help me with this? . it is scary to go to the doctor with my mom as well <negative_smiley>. what should i do? . if i cannot get pregnant then what is the reason i m not having my periods?
i developed an allergy to fruits/vegetables told i have oral allergy syndrome?
can you take nasonex and claritin together
"can a woman still have symptoms of a period after a hysterectomy? . i had a what my dr. told me a partial total hysterectomy after i had my c-section because my uterus would not stop bleeding after they finished the c-section. they tried to stop it by doing some kind of procedure that did not work so they had to remove my uterus. every - months since then i have had what i would call cramps. is this ""period"" cramps?"
should i keep my foreskin retracted all of the time? . i am  and wondering if i should keep my foreskin retracted all of the time?
i am anxious about my recent mri – anything alarming or am i just a worry wart?
"has heart any thinking power? does heart have any grey matter? . in many a religion "" heart"" has been described as if it is able to think and act like brain is it so. does heart has any thinking power and does it have any grey matter like brain?"
how do i get rid of the mild to moderate acne scarring and large pores on my forehead? . i am  have an olive skin tone an oily/combination complexion and seem to scar more easily. i have some acne scarring on my forehead and also large pores (which turn into blackheads) all over my forehead. i have a pretty decent skin care regimen never had real acne but do have issues with small pimple-type bumps on my chin (not whiteheads not large not painful maybe cystic? ). i don't want my scarring to get worse and want to minimize my pores.
how is depression diagnosed?
is it important to see a doctor if you have a pressure ulcer on the same foot as the broken toe but on the heel? . i have had the pressure ulcer since may  and i don't see my wound care specialist until november . i was just concerned about at least calling them to let them know or just waiting until the next appointment.
can gallstones cause erectile dsyfunction?
i have left side pain and urinate blood?
does dairy products increase phlegm in the throat. i have had a cold for about  days. last night we had chicken nachos which has quite a bit of cheese on it. after eating i noticed a lot more phlegm in my throat which led to a increase in coughing. could the dairy product have caused this?
is smoking hookah( ice drops gel) ok to smoke during pregnancy since it does not contain any tabacco or nicotine?
if you put steroid cream on your legs for psoriasis can it lead to weight gain?
can asthmatics use a medicated vaporizer for a cold?
i live in connecticut and i want to get pregnant but i am on a private insurance plan that wont cover it. any ideas? . i do not qualify for low income health insurance and can't afford the $ a month to be on my husbands plan. i really don't want to wait till  for the health care reform to kick in. please tell me there is an insurance company out there that will cover me!
do i need allergy shots?
how many cc'sof a local anesthetic should a  yr old get and how long for it to take affect. my son is  and they gave him  cc but ony waited less than to just over a minute for it to take affect is this normal or did the guy just not know what he was doing. my son was screaming a lot as if he felt what was going on. i just want to make sure he got the -best care and that they didn't hurt hi more than he already was.
my dog is now  old and overweight. he has energy but lately has been limping everytime he gets up is it arthritis? . it's especially bad after he's been laying for any length of time. after he gets up and moving again it's still there but not as pronounced. he still runs around the backyard and doesn't show any kind of pain even if i handle the leg. it's always his front right leg.
how many calories does  times skipping burn
what is inr?
i have pcos. why do i gain weight if i'm active and eat well? can i get back to the way i was last year ( lbs less)? . i used to be a model. very healthly and very active. i went on the birth control pill for a couple of weeks but they made me very sick so i went off of them. that is when this all started. i have always been very active and very healthy. now i'm losing all of my hair; very seldom do i menstrate; i have excessive body hair growth; i gained about  pounds; and i have many more symptoms. i have been tossed back and fourth between doctors and noone helps me: they just brush me off on to others.
what is osteoarthritis of the knee and how is it treated?
how are hepatitis a b and c viruses spread?
am i having a panic attack? . i am taking a group counseling course and have been participating in group therapy. i have noticed that after class i feel some sort of way can't shake this feeling of nervousness just all out of sorts. i have not been able to open up in the class although i want to.
what is an action tremor in parkinson's disease?
non-itching or burning area on inside of labia that looks like a cut. wish i could post a pic. could it be a wart? . appears to get smaller when i put warm water on it. it doesn't itch and doesn't burn if i hadn't looked wouldn't have known it was there. what could this be?
i need a ct scan how urgent is it?
i had neck and back fusion   surgery went bad can i get bars out?
what will fix a headache and fever for someone on blood pressure medicine?
should i be screened for prostate cancer?
could osteoarthritis localized to a hip be caused by having had bone shaved from that joint  years ago? . the shards of bone shaved from my right hip were used in conjunction with titanium for an - spinal fusion. yes i am overweight and progressively so as my hip continues to cause excruciating pain especially when moving.
hi my daughter's spleen has stopped working. she has sharp pain the the middle of where the rib cages meet(not at all where the spleen is. )she has a high white blood cell count. do you know what might cause a spleen to working. she is  and is otherwise great health non smoker and no drugs either. they have her on morphine and graval also hooked up to an iv bag as she is not eating. no blood problems in the family history. she is a vegetarian so she may be low in iron. the hospital is at a loss for what to treat her for but ill next do a ct. they have done multiple blood works but nothing yet. thank you for reading this and hope that you know something about why her spleen has stopped working. larry
around back had lower lumbar surgery - to releve pressure on nerver did not help any ideas? . this page is a joke! tells me i havr  characters left but when i post says i have used to many and wont let me. .
" yr old son said he ate quarter  days ago. i've been checking his poop and still nothing now what? . my son came to me and said "" he ate the money"" i could not find the quarter anywhere. we did not see him eat it and he wasn't chocking. i did some research and we decided to wait to see if it passed on its own. it has now been  days and still nothing. i hate to expose my son to unnecessary x rays. he is acting completely normal (pooping eating playing) do i need t to bring him in or should we just roll with it. its hard because we don't know if he actually ate it."
can i take meloxicam tylenol and aleve at the same time?
is the reason why i can't lose weight and keep it off because of my family history of obesity? . i am a  year old female i have  child who is  months old. at one point after my child was born i was exercising  times a day and on a strict diet plan for  months. i only lost  during this time. after that  months i was only able to work out once a day and still on the same diet i gained half the weight back. my family is anywhere between  and  please help before it gets worse i currently weigh .
i have three screws and a rod in my leg hurts really bad?
i had my period on <negative_smiley>/ and it lasted  days. then i started my period again on <negative_smiley><negative_smiley>. i can't get pregnant anymore cause i had my tubes tie after my son was born  years ago.
what purpose does glycerin serve in toothpaste?
can taking baths cause vaginal sores? . a week ago me and my boyfriend had sex for the first time (i was a virgin). that weekend i was exposed to the flu and was prescribed tamiflu. a few days later i thought that i had a yeast infection so i got medicine for it. now i have sores on my vagina. i've been taking baths lately and sitting in the tub for a little while. my mom said she thinks it could be from me baths or the tamiflu. can these things cause sores?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of octicair?
what should i do if i have gastroenteritis?
my lower right side of abdomen has been hurting. can it be my ovary? . i have been to the er and urgent care thinking it was my appendix. they has told me that it might be my ovaries but didn't check them. the pain comes and goes but it hurts the most when i am sitting down. can it be my ovaries? does having cyst in the ovaries cause a female not to get a menstrual cycle? i have also been trying to get pregnant and no luck. <negative_smiley>
are vegan and vegetarian desserts any healthier than regular ones?
are there certain foods that should be avoided after ones gall badder is removed?
i was diagnosed with candida albicans in may
my cell phone caught fire and i was exposed to chemical fumes?
is taking a prenatal vitamin and a daily supplement too much? should i be taking only my prenatal vitamin?
i'm getting over the flu what would be the consequences of drinking alcohol?
what causes a period to stop for six months or more three years in a row? . i am  and over weight and have been since middle school. i am healthy and eat regular meals i exercise moderately and my stress levels are average. three years ago i missed my period for  months and when i started to flow again it was extremely heavy for one day and spotting for three days for every cycle. the days in between my cycles were irregular. seven months ago my period stopped again but for both skipped cycles i still get cramps and back pain as if i were on my period.
husband is having a hard time breathing especially lying down
what are the symptoms of bacterial vaginosis?
i had chlymidia for a year and got treated. will this effect my reproductive health or fertility? . i know it can cause damage if left untreated but for how long? i'm terrified that it will effect my ability to have children in the future. should i take further action to see if it caused damage or am i just overly concerned?
is   a normal blood oxygen level. my sister has scleroderma and she's not feeling well should i take her to the e. r
i feel pain at center upper of the abdominal and between two ribs?
how will genital herpes affect diabetes type  female patients?
is possible for some people have higher than normal blood pressure with no side effects mine stays / with med. i was diagonized with hypertension and was send to emergency because whatever md tried my bp wouldn't go to normal level. the emergency dept. also failed and told me to take the medication the doctor prescribed and probably it will come down by itself. my bp remains at / and my hands and feet are cold all the time and i am frequently sleepy. before the medication i showed no symptoms even though my bp was / when i went to the doctor. visit to the doctor was for another reason.
my doctor gave me an anti-flamatory pill for shingles doesnt seem to be working what can i take to make the pain go? . anti-flammatory: prednisol tab . for the itch: chlorpheniramine . can you suggest me something stronger i cant even sleep because of the pain?
i have not had ear wax for several years yet i have constant sinus problems and pressure in my ears what should i do? . are these two things related? i have constant pressure above my eyes and in my ears. sometimes when i stand up i get swooshing sound in my ears and pressure above my eyes and i feel like i am getting a head rush and have to sit back down. i have been to an ent several years ago and had two sinus surgeries but still have all these problems. my family doctor has also tried to help to no avail. should i see a different ent or just continue to live with the pain as i have for  years.
expected bm of  month breastfed baby. my three month old is not pooping as often as he used to. he is strictly breastfed and and is a lil bigger than most three month olds at about . he used to poop everyday when he does have a bm it looks like diaherrea. he has been very gassy recently and has horribly stinky farts. which is new because they never really smelled before.
can grinding your teeth at night cause neck pain?
i have a low blood count due to metastatic breast cancer should if call my dr. if i have a sore throat?
if i must take psychiatric medications long term will my medication regimen change when im in my seventies or older?
i am iron deficient concerned about the side effects of taking ferro grad c
i got my flu shot. can i still spread the virus against which i am immunized by sneezing for example?
can a women who has donated one kidney have babies? . my friend donated one of her kidneys. she was told she could not have any more children. now she has a new husband and would like to have a baby but because she was told that she could not she is afraid to try. is it true that because she only has one kidney now that she cannot have any babies and if so why not and what could happen if she does get pregnant?
i have almost all the symptoms of a thyroid condition my bloodwork cont. to state that i am within an acceptable range. i am begging for help. i eat well i exercise regularly but i still am putting on weight. i am always tired and my sex drive has dwindled to almost nothing. i have asked for help for the last two years but i am dismissed because of bloodwork within a normal range. please give me some hope. my weight is up to  when i should be .
which is the best herbal solution for men's fertility enhancing? . the number of couples unable to conceive is gradually increasing and most of the cases are due to infertility in the male partner. according to traditional herbal literature this herb is an adaptogen? . this means that adaptogens are very effective in terms of overcoming stress as well as stress-induced reactions.
does saw palmento help with breast enhancement?
does honey and cinnamon reverse hearing loss? . i have been doing some research on honey and cinnamon benefits and saw on some of the websites that it can reverse hearing loss when taken in equal parts twice a day. i am curious as to how this should be possible but can not find any answers anywhere. if that was true i would be extremely happy because my hearing has been getting worse over the years. is this just another hype or are there actual facts to this claim.
diarrhea for  weeks. it's probably been longer than  weeks. i went to the doctors and he said i probably ate something bad or my stomach had gotten too cold at some point. i live in china. he prescribed some general medicine which i declined because it doesn't seem to be much more than yacult but costs a lot more. didn't seem to think it warranted any tests or antibiotics. the diarrhea itself is not completely watery. no blood no blackness. no other visible symptoms. . should i go to another hospital and try again?
my son's teeth scraped inside his mouth (a small bleeding)  hours later we ate at a cafe. may he have gotten hcv virus? . my sons's upper front teeth scraped his mouth and caused a little bleeding.  hours later we ate at a cafe with the utensil of they bring. i am concerned about any invisible blood or saliva remaining on the fork. a few hours later the meal i remembered the situation and looked inside his mouth. the small wound was whitish and he says the place did not hurt during eating.
i don't have a uti. i've taken two antibiotics and two urine tests negative. still have symptoms? what is it? . please help me to figure out why i have discomfort and pressure in my bladder/pelvic region. i have nausea and i feel urgency to urinate more than i should or normally do. it started out of nowhere with no warning.
can you swim with a kidney infection. i am on cipro for a kidney infection. is it okay to go into a swimming pool?
do i need to go to the hospital for major depression lasting longer than  months? (see details). i've had major depression episodes before but never like this. i was on effexor and tapered (- week period) to prozac and then added remeron ( week period). i stopped taking all after my symptoms worsened after about  days. all of that was  weeks ago. i'm consistently withdrawing but i'm not (i'm pretty sure). i'm feeling crazy or like i'm dying. i have so many symptoms it doesn't make sense. depressed anxiety memory loss add/adhd nausea no sleep drained constipation sweating lost.
i have no fever but my skin feels hot. what does that mean? . this usally happens mid day and what happens is the core of my body gets hot. my skin is hot to the touch and i feel as though the sun is shining from the inside of my body outwards. it is very frusterating because no matter if i turn the ac on or run ice over my skin in a few minutes the same inner hot feeling comes back.
have insurance companies stopped paying for  shots if you are not enimic
is sex is good in the third trmester? . we are going to have our third baby and let us know that is intercouse helps in the ~ week.
is there a difference between how fast a man's hair grows as opposed to a woman's?
i'm  weeks pregnant and having difficulty falling asleep. is excedrin pm is safe to take during the third trimester?
vape ranks. my dad smoking from his  years old. and few days ago i bought some. e cigarette. for him but it seems that he is not like it very much anyone know vape ranks? many thanks
what is colitis?
does lung cancer mestasis to the brain?
i sliced the corner tip of my index finger off?
i am taking azithromycin  mg and now i have diarrhea. can i take imodium with this?
what are the risks of thimerosal in vaccines?
what if a germaphobe won't go to a doctor? plus she doesn't have health insurance.
"i wrestled in high school and cut a lot of wieght. now i am worried i have caused low testosterone in my body. i am '"" lack of facial hair get sick a lot am  but look like i am  muscles seem undeveloped even though i lift weights now. i believe i stunted my body's growth at an integral part of its phase during puberty. i maintained weight at - pounds all throughout highschool through very hard wrestling cuts and am concerned that i have damaged myself pretty badly did i mess up my metabolism do i have low testosterone or am i developing at a slower pace?"
i have back pain in lower back. it hurts when i cough or sneeze?
can a dog get poison ivy?
can my gf get pregnant. hi there webmd i hope i can get some feedback on my situation because i am a little worried about what has happened. . there was bareback grinding. . i attempted to penetrate but i think i only did so once and i wiped any pre-ejaculate off before entering. . i did not ejaculate. . she mentioned she had her period around the  and this happened on the . . i had ejaculated once  hours before the activity but i urinated and washed myself off. . what is the possibility of her getting pregnant!
can i reduce cankles with exercise?
can ciprodex otic be used in the eye?
will a condom protect a man from a yeast infection
"both my husband and i have been out of work for years. we own too much to get medicaid. . how are we supposed to get health insurance so that we don't have to pay the $ fine? that's $ per person. the federal government told me we could use ""low cost clinics "" but that's not health insurance so we'll still be responsible for this penalty. so what's the point of this law? how can they make people who are out of work pay even more money that they don't have?"
is it harmful to take twice the amount of prenatal vitamins when pregnant?
can i take bactrim and levaquin at the same time?
how do i stop picking my hair out? and what kind of medication could i use to grow my hair back? . i can't wear my hair down at all and it is always wore in a bun on the left side of my head. this condition has made me very depressed and sometimes i'm so depressed that i can't give my children and husband the attention that they deserve. i wasn't stressed out at all the new appearance that i had was the only thing that stressed me out because i have to deal with fixing my hair and i always have a ton of hair spray in my hair. i still pick my hair out and i don;t know what to do.
should i be concerned about acinetobacter anitratus?
is it possible to fracture a rib from vomiting?
should i cancel surgery if i took  ibuprofen  hours before and garlic and chondroitin  hours prior to surgery? . on / i am to have arthroscopic shoulder surgery. i just now (/) read over the pre-surgery instructions. i take garlic and chondroitin on a daily basis. i took both of them on evening of /. i also took  of ibuprofen on evening of /. do i need to cancel surgery?
what if i dont have time to exercise  minutes a day?
what is emphysema?
why does my toddler throw up when she either goes to bed or during the night (usuallyaround )? . she also has really loose bowels or diarrhea every morning.
why does a faster surgery produce a better outcome?
what causes extreme chills. my husband woke up in the middle of the night with extreme violent chills. after taking  aspirins they subsided after about  minutes. his temperature was first .  and then . . now he has no fever just feels washed out.
what's the best way to help depressed teens?
can you supsitue prozac for xanaz?
sudden bald spot on top of head please advise?
ive been horse & had a sore throat for about  weeks after eating im not as horse and my throat doesnt hurt as bad why. about a week ago the driving prescribed me penicillin and told me to gargle with salt water the only time it seems to loosen my through and able to talk is after i eat its not a % but at least people can hear me hoping you have an answer
can genetics predispose me to low bone density and osteoporosis?
chlamydia from oral sex. question. if you put the penis of someone who may be infected in your mouth and  / years later test positive for chlamydia in your genitals can the two be related?
is it safe to increasemy lisinopril dosage from one to two - mg. tablets daily?
i had a spider crawl in my ear got out but i was left with an ear infection?
i have vomitting cotton mouth stomach cramps dizziness and nausea w vomitting. what can this be. food poisioning? . i am diabetic type . i just ant to make i ain't going to drop dead from this. i feel like hell and want it to go away soon.
 weeks pregnant due jan . last period april . had sex may  and on april  during cycle. whose father? . i did pregnancy calculator i'm guessing it's about % may  but still nervous. jan  minus  weeks equals april   but had sex on may . but than also took a plan b pill on may  (about  hrs later) and still got pregnant.
besides tender swollen lymph node in neck also have lump in front of ear. presently on clyndamycin. possible causes? . swollen lymph node in neck and lump in front of ear appeared suddenly. was ordered clindamycin (on day ) and no change in swelling at either site. initially had low grade fever. possible cause?
two month ago we had a wonderful girl. but she was born with deformed toes in one foot?
painful nodule on bottom of foot two more now any type of stretching causes excruciating pain?
back pain for a month now ct scan shows no stone nothing seems to help?
what can my doctor do about my gastroenteritis?
my baby ate her on poop. my baby ate poop  days later she is sick. weezing coughing and high fever for  straight. i took her to the doctor and they said shes fine just a normal cold. i told them what happen and they just said she should be fine but if she still has a fever next week come back. what should i do. and is her symptoms related to her eating her poop.
i'm  and had a skull fracture when i was . whenever i do physical activities that same pain returns. why?
what are some stretching exercises that can be done while sitting?
i had breast reduction my doctor took  g from right and  from left breast?
"i had been with my husband for a total of almost  yrs but we were only married for almost  yrs. my husband recently had an affair. he had the affair with this women for only  mth  i found out and so i kicked him out. he has only been seeing this girl since feb. but yet moved in with her right away. he not only left me but also our  yr old son. he claims that he does not love me anymore. how can he just move on with someone else like that and throw away all our history? i feel deep down that he still loves me because i see it in his eyes. i just feel that he thinks the ""grass is greener"" with her. how do i cope since he's been gone now for  months and i feel its getting harder and harder. he just recently picked up the rest of his things on our  year anniversary. i just cant help but feel he's made a mistake."
my daughter is . symptoms:thirst hunger urge to use the restroom fear disassociative behavior won't lay down all in pm. my daughter is  and has what we consider panic attacks. the first couple times it happened the attacks included blood curdling screams and an obvious fear of something she couldn't speak and was almost dis associative. she knew i was mom but didn't feel comforted by my presence. she didn't want me to hold her but didn't want me to leave. the only way she felt comforted was for me to hold her belly to belly on my lap and almost squeeze her. she also expressed thirst hunger & feeling sick.
im having upset stomach vomiting and diarrhea. can diclofenac cause these symptoms?
how long until z-pack works for strep? started yesterday and throat is still hurting bad. i'm allergic to penicillin so was prescribed a z-pack. i took the two pills yesterday morning took dose two (one pill) today. i know it's only been one day but i was of course hoping it would magically disappear. i haven't had strep since i was a child and this has been absolutely miserable.
ache in the right back side of head  weeks. when i breathe through my mouth don't feel it at all only through nose. i have had an ache in the back right side of head for about  weeks. i don't feel any pain when i breathe through my mouth it only hurts(burning ache) when i breathe through nose. i can block the right nostril and also get relief that way. so it seems to be only happen through the right nostril. could this be a type of occipital neuralgia? does not hurt when i cough or sneeze or move my head. i don't really want to go for an mri if i could rule out anything serious.
my urine test shows leukocytes   erythrocytes and i had some epithelial cells?
my butthole hurts and there is a bump and it hurts whenever i sit or move. i assume it happened a few days ago when i was trying to hold in my bowel movement but i couldn't so i went to the bathroom but i don't remember anything happening to me for the rest of the day or the next but on sun-today(-) its been bothering me severely and it hurts whenever in doing anything that requires me to move my lower body.
girl is in her ovulatory period wet guy touches her with trace amount of precum near the citoris is pregnancy possible? . the touching and rubbing was not around the vaginal opening just on clitoris and labia (both). the pre cum may have dried up not ssure
i came down with acute viral myocarditis doctors say its due to anxiety. need  opinion?
my  year old daughter wakes up with a stomach ache and nausua quite a bit. what could this be? . this is happening about - times a week. she hasnt gotten her period yet. not sure if that is related. she has blood work done in july for a regular physical and everything was good.
my cardiac calcium score was . my doctor recommended increased statin and ramipril. is this necessary? . i am  yr old healthy female without any cardiac symptoms. my hdl is  and ldl is . bp /. father had a heart attack in late 's and was a smoker. i have never smoked.
my husband is /o hx. of stroke  year ago. he awakened yesterday complaining of heaviness to his left arm?
does  or  / glasses of wine a day caues high blood preasure?
i think my strep throat spread to my eyes how can i tell? will the antibiotics i'm on already treat it? . i was diagnosed with strep on monday started antibiotics that day. i noticed tonight my eyes were itchy a bit and now they're oozing. not red swollen or painful but definitely oozing a lot of green goo. . is it possible i spready the strep to my eyes? . if so will the penicillin i'm already on treat them or do i need to go back to the doctor? . how is it that after  of antibiotics i can develop a second infection? shouldn't the penicillin prevented that?
cat bite on fingernail its white now and ready to fall off will it grow back if it falls off. cat bite on fingernail went to urgent care got antibiotics now its white and ready to fall off will it grow back if it falls off
neurologist says minor narrowing in arteries or is it a stroke need second opinion?
help! female brief anal penetration with male worried about hiv? . i am a hetero female who was involved with a hetero male today. we didn't do much besides make out. i am worried because he rubbed his penis against my anus and it felt like he may have penetrated me anally for a spilt second without a condom! (only head of penis possibly precum). i know only an hiv test after  months is conclusive. i've tested negative for hiv in july and haven't been sexually active at least a year before that & up until today. he tested negative for hiv today. should be worried? !
i am on oxygen and my nose is very dry inside. what can i do to sooth it? i was told not to use petroleum jelly.
 weeks and  days preganant and brown spottin what does this mean?
chronic nausea and vomiting only after eating what can that be? . for - months ive had chronic vomiting and nausea that only occur after eating. when i eat i start feeling nauseous after only some of bites and the nausea keeps increasing as i eat more. i dont always vomit but ive had two hyperemesis cases where i had to go to the er to get iv therapy and anti nausea medicine (most dont even work). these cases lasted for about  hours each when the nausea symptoms started to fade away. i've also done blood urine and ct tests which didnt show anything.
my  yr. old son has scoliosis. his curve is about  degrees. is it safe for him to lift weights?
can pacemaker lead cause a chest muscle twitch. i have a st jude pacemaker and lift weights. i just started getting a muscle twitch in my left pectorail muscle. it is very random and it doesn't seem to affect my heart rate. is this common or should i have it checked?
i have anterior wall interstitial uterine fibroid i dont want surgery but scared to lose uterus?
what kind of cardio exercises are great for glutes?
what can parents do to start the conversation about their kids' weight?
"how do i cure my anxiety? . christy forrester is a top rated therapist specializing in anxiety addiction depression and life transitions. christy was a consultant for dr drew's ""sober house"". she is highly rated by other therapists. she has trained therapists is los angeles and orange county in treatment planning intervention and diagnostics. christy is the therapist of therapists. she has been treating clients for over  years. <link>"
will i ever get pregnant again? i had an ectopic pregnanies over  years ago
can drinking orange juice at night cause upset stomach in the morning? . my child has been waking with an upset stomach in the morning that lasts a few hours. she's been drinking natural orange juice with pulp at night. not sure if there is a connection. sometimes when i drink the oj late at night my stomach is a little crazy in the morning.
why should people on blood pressure medication avoid grapefruit? . i love fruit especially citrus fruit. why can't i have grapefruit?
can a girl get pregnant from just precum? . so basically i had unprotected sex with a girl. she had had her period a few days prior to this. i didn't cum or anything but there was penetration and all that jazz. . my question is that could my precum get her pregnant? i'm almost positive there wasn't any semen in the urethra as i had urinated several times before this had all happened. . i appreciate the feedback. thank you.
is it possible for teeth to get loosened by brushing with an electric toothbrush? i am  year old male
my husbands urologist wants him to have a prostate biopsy. he has no lumps. psa was . . is this biopsy necessary? . what are the chances of cancer with a psa this low?
do you put salt in a seizure patients mouth while they are having a seizure? . my nieces has a friend that has seizures and said she was told by a neurologist that she should have someone put salt in her mouth when she's having a seizure. i have worked with patients and their neurologist and have never heard of this. it concerns me that this little girl was told this and she is telling people to do this. can some one give me an answer please?
can i take valium and majijuana?
what can i do about the spots on my lips. when a spot on my lip starts bleeding the bleeding is very difficult to stop.
can a woman get pregnant if she had her period  days after sex and it was heavy the first day and light  days after? . i had sex with a guy the other night. he used a condom but for some reason did not last very long ( minutes). he pulled it out the second he started ejeculating in the condom and completely finished outside of me. the condom fit perfectly and nor did it tear or nothing leaked out. we had sex june  at  am. the first day of my last period was may  to may . my periods are irregular and come different days in the month. i began my heavy period again june  lasting  days.
can young children have osteoporosis?
i acquired methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus (mrsa) while in hospital?
nurse prescribed  days of cefdinir had terrible drug reaction how can i stop this?
"what would be the reasoning for my ""cycle"" to skip  month & then next be only - days then the next last for  weeks?"
how many days a week should i exercise?
i am a hairdresser and the last  months i am experiencing painful legs constant pain?
i have ms. sometimes i have to have mris or other tests done. . my insurance has always paid the total amount. will such tests be covered under the changes that are coming?
small testes after mumps orchitis. my testes have shrunk badly since i had mumps orchitis my life is badly disturbed about to be divorced what are possible treatments to get my fertility back.
can you use cat shampoo on dogs
is it safe to lose a pound a day when you are more than  overweight? . before starting to exercise and diet i weighed . i have been doing the south beach diet for about  weeks maybe . this week i have started to exercise every day. i weighed myself today and i weigh .
my urine has a bad smell and is cloudy what can be wrong?
what is epilepsy?
do antibiotics decrease the effectiveness of oral contraceptives?
its too expensive! is there a cheaper alternative?
i stopped taking sertraline (zoloft) about two weeks ago and now i'm experiencing side effects. when will they stop? . i've been taking  of zoloft for  years. i started weaning off in august down to  then half of that then that half every other day until stopping two weeks ago. although i believe symptoms started about a month and a half now that i think about it. my stress and anxiety are still there i can't sleep sometimes i'm dizzy and i'm depressed. also my bladder's been acting up idk if that has to do with it or not. does anyone feel my pain and when will the withdrawal subside?
i recently got a implant done but during my healing / antibiotics stage – my tongue started to appear like i have oral thrush?
is a blood test for chlamydia accurate?
what nutrients are the most important for a long-distance runner to consume?
what is a brain tumor?
besides tender swollen lymph node in neck also have lump in front of ear. presently on clyndamycin. possible causes? . swollen lymph node in neck and lump in front of ear appeared suddenly. was ordered clindamycin (on day ) and no change in swelling at either site. initially had low grade fever. possible cause?
i have a stiff neck a stomach that doesnt digest and swollen eyes?
can i be prescribed medical marijuana if im pregnant for severe nausua and chronic pain?
can viagra cause prostate cancer
what if i want to opt out altogether and not have insurance coverage under the affordable care act?
is there any financial help for people who have been injured by vaccines?
"i have been married for  years. my husband and i were each other's ""firsts"" how is it possible that i have chlamydia? . i am  years old. my husband is also . we have only had sex with each other and no one else."
my  old weighs only .  lbs and has had diarrhea for  weeks what tests could be done to help determine the cause. after the first week i took her to the doctor and they diagnosed her with ear infections. she started augmentin a week later i took her back because she was still having diarrhea and loss of apetite and fevers ranging from .  - .  rectally. her wbc was .  and they said it was probably a virus. now another week has passed and she isn't better. no fevers that i have noticed but she is having watery bowel movements about  times a day and is only eating about  oz of formula a day.
i went to hospital last night with really bad stomach cramps i hadn't had a period for at least  months and i didn't even think of bein pregnant i never told my mum and jus kept it to myslef. when i was lying down i felt my stomach and it felt like i was feeling a leg i really panicked and felt my whole stomach which felt like a baby. anyway i got to the hospital and i was bleeding but only like little spots. then i went to the toilet and i pushed really hard and i couldnt belev it i pushed out a baby's head the baby was tiny i pushed agen once more and everything came out in the toilet pan there it was a tiny little baby no bigger than my hand but this baby wasen't fully developed it was so small but it was dead the nurses took it away but then they never told me anything next. this is wat i want to know why i gave birth to an undeveloped baby and was bleeding very heavily blood clots bigger than golf balls. can u please tell me what this is. i want to know urgently
when a pacemaker messes up does it cause someone to be violent and abusive?
because i am on ssdi i receive medicare. do i have to get separate health care coverage under obamacare?
i have a hot itchy rash that occurs at night in bed. it mostly clears up after a shower. how do i get rid of this rash?
what are the types and symptoms of prostatitis?
what is my boniva injection schedule?
do ejaculating  a week bad for health or any risks?
my granddaughter has been diagnosed with coxsackie disease?
if my job can cause anxiety and stress. when i try to sleep i can't block out any thinking of work hate to go to work in the morning knowing that i might have to deal with issues. my eating habits have changed.
what is the outlook for paget's disease?
how can i stop my dog from chewing wood? . my st bernard keeps chewing the side of his dog house (made of wood) as well as almost anything made of wood . how can i stop that? is there a product i can put on the wood? . the side of the dog house (made of wood) is also painted.
i am now  days late i took a test this morning and it was negative. i haven't been under any stress and i've took several different test but their all negative. but breast are sore i feel fullness and bloating i also have dry mouth and nauseated at times. is it possible that i could be pregnant and still not picking up on the test? and if not whats going on?
it's bronchitis contagious
i stop taking the shots on sept 
why is it important to know that pregnancy complications put me at future risk for heart disease?
i have a defect in the base of my skull need a second medical opinion?
my husband is having trouble with a chest cold and his lungs hurt what can he do to make his lungs feel better? . my husband had a chest cold from his sinuses and now his lungs are hurting. what can he do to make his lungs feel better?
prescription sleeping medication to take while trying to get pregnant? melatonin deficiency can't stay asleep. . have been on trazodone for years and my husband and i want to start having kids. looking for a prescription medication that will help me stay asleep. since i have a melatonin deficiency i tried melatonin and did not sleep for  days. are there any prescriptions that are safe to take while pregnant?
i currently pay over $  per month to my former employer to continue my health insurance coverage. . it's not cobra but it's basically the same thing. i pay % of the premium. will i be able to take advantage of the new premiums and subsidy? when would i have to cancel my current policy?
i was wondering if masterbating can push out the male sperm out of the virgina since fluids withdraw while masterbating. hello i'm currently trying to conceive i had unprotected sex with my boyfriend  fays before ovulation day but after intercourse masterbating took place so i was wondering if my chances of getting pregnant went down hill from masterbating since fluids withdraw from the virgina.
what happens in co-infection with hepatitis b virus and hiv?
does low testerone levels and sweating cause dizziness? . recently had to stop taking testosterone injections because of extremely high levels. now levels low (). having sweats and now wandering if dizziness is a result of low levels.
ive had dark brown semi formed diarrhea and nausea for  hours should i be woried? . i have a large cyst on my left ovary that is scheduled to be removed in a few weeks and i started experiencing pain in my left lower abdomen a few hours before the nausea and diarrhea started.
can a stubbed toe causa flu like symptoms? . i stubbed my baby toe really bad to the point of swollen black and blue extreme pain and to the point where it had to be taped to put it back in place. after i stubbed it i began to get flu like symptoms i'm freezing in  degree weather starting to cough stuff up etc. could this be a part of it?
are there lifestyle and dietary factors that can decrease the risk of breast cancer?
can a fever in an infant cause stunted growth? . my month old daughter had a fever of .  for a week straight. we called our pediatrician everyday and they just advised us to give her motrin/tyleon every  hours until it broke. they now are wanting to do x-rays of her to confirm that her growth has not been stunted. i just am not sure why i need to expose her to the radiation when we are able to measure her and compare her numbers to the growth charts.
in severe pain in my lower back and legs had mri what does it mean what should i do?
why am i having lower pain on the left side of my stomach. i have been having pains since yesterday it just in the front left of my stomach. it just a sharp pain i have trouble bending over and leaning it shoots pain. i just want to know what is causing my pain. thank you
my mother has demtia and is hearing things like a radio broadcast about my fathers passing. my father passed away on march   of a blood infection. the day after he died my mother started accusing my niece of shooting him in the head and is still talking about it with more detail. i am struggling with what to say and do. is there medication she can take to help with these thoughts? i feel like she is not eating or sleeping well. . what can i do to help her?
my -month-old is taking amoxicillin for strep throat. is it safe to give her tylenol as well for the fever?
what causes hirsutism?
what are symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (bph)?
will lemon juice help acne
"can you get postpartum depression after an abortion? . it's been about  months and i feel over emotional all the time. i feel overwhelmed by day to day life and cry at the drop of a hat. happy tears sad tears. i am usually just crying. my unborn child was not developing correctly and causing me a lot of pain. my husband and i were told our child wouldn't be "" normal"". thus the decision to end the pregnancy. are my hormones just still going back to normal or is it depression? i had postpartum with my first child but not my second."
what are the health benefits of green tea?
i have heartburn headache and vomit
do i have to be overweight to have diabetes?
what causes a migraine with aura?
my eyelids have darkened with age. is there some way that i can effectively lighten my eyelids?
what are the alternitive treatments if spinal injections do not help with a herniated disc. i am seeing a pain mng. dr. i recived oral steroids and then one innjection which caused more pain i do not wish to recieve more. i have  disc heriatios inn my neck one above and one below a disc fusion from + yrs ago and also  bulginng and  herniations in my lower back. i also recieved . of therapy. i am overwhelmed with the pain and the lack of quaility of life. what else can i do?
i poured hot coffee on my hand. it is red and tingles. what should i do
does hyzaar or lisinopril have snake venom in the ingredients?
is fioricet safe to take in early pregnancy?
"is it possible to ""alkalize"" your body by drinking lemon juice in water? is trying to alkalize your body beneficial? . i am a cancer survivor who has run across the notion several times that we should try to maintain our bodies in an alkaline state to help prevent recurrence. this is counter to everything i know about our digestive system. is it even possible to change one's ph balance to alkaline especially by drinking highly acidic citrus and other juices?"
already had shingles can i get them again? . i was  yrs old when i first got shingles and became very sick from the antibiotics i was given for them. i am  now and because i was so young when i first got them i now wonder if i will get them again or is it like the chicken pox where once you get them you dont have to worry?
can you use tampons if you have hsv?
how do i get started with exercise?
is it possible for adults my age to get arthritis? i'm  and have been experiencing some high levels of back pain.
i have very severe abdominal pain right side from top (under rib cage) to bottom?
can drinking wine on a daily basis cause yeast infections which lead to a rash in my armpits?
as allergy shots take effect can i reduce my allergy medications such as zyrtec?
tired of feeling like pure crud please help me with any thought's or advice. this sounds like the symptoms that my husband daughter ()) and i appear to have. mine feeling worse husbands is getting worse and i feel like my daughter is now starting to complain chronically. i don't know if this could be the possible diagnosis. i do know i'm tired of feeling and looking this way. i thought i had a good dr. of . i continue to complain and complain. my blood gets drawn over and over. i have been told i hav a couple growing lymphnoid in my neck umbilical hernia
my ear hurts and so does my teeth/jaw on the same side do i go see a doctor first or a dentist?
why do my ears always feel like to they need to pop. they pop on there own then they feel normal for a couple seconds then feel like they need to pop
my husband and i are trying to have a baby. i was  days late for my period. and today i'm spotting. pregnant? . i took a test  days ago and it was negative. any info would be greatly appreciated.
how can i lose wight around my waist? . i'm a female  yrs old and lost my thin waist shape from gaining weight there. what exercises can i do to regain my thin waist?
can i take hydrocodone-acetaminophen and drink caffeinated beverges such as red bull
how can i reduce my waistline i'm sixty years old work out ten hours a week doing cardio lift weights plus diet? . i eat  calories a day include all four food groups. four servings of veggies fours servings of fruits and two servings of protein. one serving of dairy non fat yogart. . i do eight hours of cardio and two hours of weight baring exercises a week. drink eight glasses of water a day one cup of green tea and two cups of coffee with fat free cream no sugar. . . is there anything i can do to reduce the size of my waist? my colths are ill fitting because i have to buy everything to fit my wide waist.
could diet pepsi cause you to lose sodium in body. i am losing sodium and trying to find cause. been to er nephrology low sodium and feel bad.
what the world? . i completely missed my february period i have had a fever the last  mornings i have white discharge and mild cramping. my husband and i are trying for a little one but i took two tests in february and both show negative. i was on b/c for many years. i went off of it in october last year is my body just trying to play catch up?
i have eye pain and redness but no drainage. what is this? . no drainage in either eye just red and painful. sometimes red eye drops resolve it but other occasions it makes it burn and makes the pain worse. the other eye had the same issue previously. had an eye exam and was sent home with reading glasses and was told i had eye strain. i've been wearing them for a month or more now and the same symptoms keep happening.
i have visible bulge on my throat swolen tonsils and a white patch on my tongue since a year or more. it won't pain but there is irritation and dryness. i am  and i do smoke. i am afraid if this is cancerous
is it safe to take oxyelite pro while taking oral contraceptives?
i have severe peripheral neuropathy symptoms after hiv exposure?
could eating red yeast rice every day help to lower my cholesterol?
what is sinusitis?
i have not had a voice for  weeks and a sore throat and really sore neck?
can i get pregnant from doing anal? . my boyfriend and i did it for the first time. it wasn't long about a minute or . he didn't get it in at first and when he did we stopped. he didn't ejaculate or anything. is there a chance i could get pregnant?
what causes penis to smell like a vagina? . it had been over a week since i last slept with or saw my boyfriend and as we approached foreplay his penis smelled like a vagina before mine ever came near it- not a foul fishy odor- but like a pleasant healthy vagina. he claims there is a bacteria that is naturally produced that causes this- i know it is summer time and it was the end of the day. so perhaps i am paranoid but need to know if this is possible for him to smell like naturally without a vagina having left said bacteria?
clearify plz
while treating a major leg infection my scrotum has swollen/filled up? not painful or hot. what kind of doc do i see? . suffered from boils for years. this one went nuclear basically from my knee to my groin. the last  times i had to go to the er they quite literally nearly killed me so i tried my luck with ichthammol ointment and pain meds. it's been a week and while it's still draining the pain and swelling has gone down by  or %. but  nights ago my scrotum began to swell or possibly fill up. while it is uncomfortable there is no pain and it isn't hot like my leg was. what kind of doc do i see?
i have rinsed my mouth with peroxide every day for a while. could this cause white spots inside my mouth and on my gums?
will swimming worsten an ear infection?
 days late. i am  days late for my period i took a pregnancy test  days ago and it was negative i only have tender breasts and am slightly nauseous. could i be pregnant? should i see a doctor?
can you have an all over headache after having a panic or anxiety attack?
lost some hearing (at about %) in my left ear will this become permanent?
fetal echo cardiography done doctors suggested to abort but we want to continue?
why would i get a boil in my butt crack. i have been having some issues with yellow bowel movements wanted to know if the boil is related.
i have a .  spot on my iliac bone. should i be concerned and demand an mri?
my wife has had an ilia conduit operation  years ago & has a stoma bag crystals forming with burning sensation?
is it normal that a ganglion swells after a lice infestation?
once you get high blood fat can you do anything to burn it. why would you have triglycerides at  yes  range? . my brother has higher triglycerides than anyone in fairbanks has ever heard of. i don't believe they know why and they are treating him with normal meds for this. something out of the ordinary is going on with him but he is not getting that kind of treatment.
what surgery options do i have for bacterial vaginosis?
how does birth control help or hinder acne and hyperpigmentation? how long do i have to wait for it to work?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of dairy digest ultra?
what is a confusional migraine?
is decaf black tea safe with blood pressure meds. i'm currently taking atenolol and lisinopril to lower blood pressure. i am looking for a safe decaf tea to drink that would not pose any side effects. . thank you
can quiting smoking cause joint pain. i recently quit smoking and since i have quit i noticed that i am having leg pain and pain in my joints such as my ankles elbows fingers. could this be related to my quitting?
besides tender swollen lymph node in neck also have lump in front of ear. presently on clyndamycin. possible causes? . swollen lymph node in neck and lump in front of ear appeared suddenly. was ordered clindamycin (on day ) and no change in swelling at either site. initially had low grade fever. possible cause?
can a women get pregnant from precum (pre ejaculation) and if she doesnt have an orgasim?
i have had pain and tingling on the left side of the middle of my back and the mri was normal. whats causing this pain? . the pain is around where my bra strap lays on the left side. the slightest touch causes burning pain. they put me on a muscle relaxer but it is not doing and good. i feel like i am tazed over and over in the same spot. i cant lay on my back and i can barely wear a bra. i am not getting any answers from my doctor. she says its muscle spasms. i don't believe it because nothing makes it go away. please help me!
 year old stomach pain for  days rash off/on vomiting pale face. had urine and bloodtests came back normal. ultrasound of abdomen came back normal. was giving ibuprofen for pain but had been on it for too long monday will be two weeks and shes not getting any better. dr though it was strep and strep rash but that came back negative too. my daughter is miserable and i need advice! shes been to an urgent care center as well.
how can i avoid getting the flu?
is ambien harmful to the fetus? . newly pregnant is ambien sleeping medication harmful to the fetus?
i am over  and my feet are killing me. can i get dermal fillers injected into my feet so i can wear high heels again?
is there any over-the-counter medicine for severe headaches besides excedrin migraine that makes you jittery?
diffuse large b cell lymphoma – primary mediastima : abnormal non mass like circumferential mucosal hyperdensity present
 year old male with severe pain during urination until urine flows severe lower back pain fever of . . any ideas. the symptoms started around about  am january  at the start of urination the pain is so severe that i have to sit down to urinate. i dont have any drainage leaking or discharge. the skin surrounding the opening in the urethra is irritated and bright red. my urine color ranges from pale yellow to yellow-orange. for the past  days i have been drinking all natural juices mainly cranberry.
i have medicare. it's the only insurance i have. can i keep the medicare? will i have to buy an insurance plan anyway? . also i live in new jersey been permanently disabled since  and receive help paying for prescriptions through a state program paad pharmaciutacle assistance for the disabled. i have medicare part d also. will that program still be around and will i still be eligible for it?
what does the abbreviation bid on a prescription stand for?
the doctor said my four-month-old has baby acne. its spreading to her head and body. what could be wrong?
is it a problem that my son is vomiting after getting the flu shot? . my son got the flu shot yesterday and is now vomiting and has a fever. should i be worried? should i call his doctor in the morning?
leaking colostomy bag. i just had a colostomy. my bag keeps leaking around the seal/wafer. why?
what can i do about backaches during pregnancy?
how can i help my overweight child?
how is pneumonia diagnosed?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of mission prenatal srx?
is the risk of having colon cancer increased by having had an adenoma?
is it possible to have only one outbreak of genitials herpes in ur life time? . is it possible to have only one outbreak of genitials herpes in ur life time?
hi i had sex yesterday and after that got little blood but i am not virgin. hi. anyone please help me! . i had sex yesterday and after that got little blood but i am not virgin. today morning too i noticed little blood. and upper part of my stomach is paining. i took pregnancy test today morning it is negative. my period is irregular after marriage. will i be pregnant? . or any other problem?
"is this normal for after a miscarriage? will i ever get back to my normal period again? help! . i'm . i was pregnant but i naturally miscarried at about  weeks along. that was back in late december/early january. i started my first period since the miscarriage in february. and it was normal through february and march. (bleeding for only  days until the next month. ) but now for the past  weeks my periods are all messed up! it still only lasts for  days but i'm only ""off"" of my period for - days then i'm right back bleeding again."
i have a  year old daughter who suffered some sort of seizure yesterday?
what happens to your teeth if you drink soda
how can exercise help my sleep?
was diagnosed by the doctors as periproctic abscess over  oclock in ssl?
i have headaches and migraines like every other day! why? . what causes headaches that come and go some are severe some are not but they come on for a few minutes then go away for a few minutes but they do this all day. i have checked my diet exercise etc. even have migraines after intercourse. not during the orgasm but after wards! please help me figure out whats going on.
how to confirm my pregnancy?
are there any drug interactions i should be concerned with while i am taking tessalon?
i am taking the bupropion xl generic does it work the same as wellbutrin xl?
i have  children at home -- one is over . how much will my health insurance cost? . i don't have a job. my husband works and gets a va check but it is still hardly enough to survive on. what are my options? dss tells us we aren't eligible.
how long after you have started antibiotics are you still contagious with the strep virus?
patient having on and off pricking pain on his left side which last for - secs?
what is type  diabetes?
i have a hard white bump on the center on my upper eye lid?
how can a woman tell if her hymen was broken without blood and didn't feel any type of pain?
what are the chances of getting pregnant if you had unprotected sex then get your period  days later
what are the effects of lack of sex? . is sex deprivation. documented. to cause any harm. i am a  male suffering from depression anxiety ocd and panic attacks. i have extremely strong sexual urges but i have been suppressing them and i wonder if this could contribute to or exaggerate my depressive suffering. could you please recommend other sources to learn more about this or any website which offer help to the likes of me. i have been jobless for a long time and can't afford expensive therapy so any free help will be great.
i've read a few articles that link the risk of bone loss in women to high protein diets. could this be true?
i am taking thyronorm for a week again skin allergy started is it the right meds?
i am having some problems with tooth no ?
should i not eat spinach if i have osteoporosis?
reocurring foot swelling redness and itching? . last month i noticed that my ankle was swollen red and very itchy. after a few days it went away but my skin started to peal away. now this month its on top of my foot with the same symptoms. it burns when i scratch and seems to spread. i haven't experienced these symptoms anywhere else but my feet and ankles. i'm also noticing tingling in the area as well. any help would be great. thanks so much!
is there a link between continually hives and sythetic thyroid medications? . i just started to get hives on my body one day. the dermatologists did the removal of possible triggers and nothing helped. it has been about  and / yrs and i have to take antihistamine medications to keep them at bay. i also have hypothyroidism (for  yrs. ) and i heard synthetic medications may cause thyroid antibodies to react against the body causing the hives. has anyone seen this connection?
i have a tiny mole is this cancer?
what should i do when my baby starts teething and cries a lot?
i had three episodes of hematuria had a number of tests everything came normal but still have problems?
how does smoking affect my skin?
what can i say to a friend while she is having an anxiety attack? . my friend has generalized anxiety disorder and she has panic attacks pretty often. once or twice a week typically and when it's the worst daily. they get bad and it's pretty scary. i was wondering what i can do/say to her that will stop the anxiety attack or make it less bad so she doesn't have to leave class. she has a fear of throwing up that's often what causes the panic attacks even when she just has a stomachache she freaks out. she is on treatment but it can only help so much.
what is paget's disease of the vulva?
i chipped a bone on the end of my elbow?
where is the safest place to inject heparin when you are pregnant?
is there a test to determine if a  year old male has mumps? . left side of his face is swollen and having difficulty chewing/swallowing. went to urgent care last night and the told him to take ibuprofen. some pain relief but swelling still there.
i have high blood pressure medication makes me tired want to stop meds
my son is  yrs old and he bit the tip of his tongue and there is a slight deep cut and skin is still intacted. what should i do about it? thank you
was at gym. on ab crunch machine pushed too heavy weight and felt a pop in my stomach. felt like something stuck out. well i was at the gym this morning on the ab crunch machine. i leaned forward to push my normal weight and it didn't move so i pushed extra hard. and i think it was too hard. immediately after i leaned the weight forward it was followed by a bubble like feeling in my abdomen that moved upward towards my chest and i lost my breath. it felt like something popped out for a couple of seconds. this evening i'm just really sore and occasionally am getting sharp pains in my stomach.
my husband ears are turning purple when he laids down. what can cause this? . my husband had a stroke in . lung surgery in  to remove fluid. in  he had a defiblalator put in. he had several congested heart faluire after his stroke in . but just all of a sudden this week his ears started turning purple when he would lay down. he also has hepatitis c. thank you dorothy h
should i take my baby to the er for thrush if her doctor is closed? . her doctor is not open on the weekend is it ok to wait until monday morning? it appears to be thrush on her tongue and inner lip.
what is a transient ischemic attack (tia)?
how can i help my  yr old fiancee' through issues in her menstrual cycle? . prior to menstruation she not only is irritable but easily angered and flies into rages she becomes despondent and paranoid starts to drink heavily often becoming drunk. when her flow arrives it is extremely heavy clots and heavy pad soaking in  hours or less. she becomes weak and tired. she has been prescribed  mg evanapril once daily for during menstruation but does not take it. she is a little overweight but active and in good health non smoker. what should i do to assist her?
are electric cigarettes better than tobacco ones? i'm using them to try to cut back and hopefully quit.
*slighty* itchy/pain throat light mucus *very* mild cough. *slight* wet/raspy voice. very mild symptoms. i'm a singer. the pain/itchy throat is all but gone. not to sound silly and/or overly anxious (i have severe anxiety specifically a medical/blood/needle phobia so lol). laryngitis/strep and the like have been going around my school. do i have something as simple as this? or do i have vocal nodules? i don't *think* it's nodes but i want to be sure and at this time i don't have health insurance so any info would be so appreciated. also it seems i have a mild fever as well. my mom said a bit over  or so.
behavior problems with my deaf  yr old hitting biting scratching myself and his teacher timeouts not working need help! . my son is  old and has started really acting aggressively towards his interperter teacher and myself. more with us woman than any male in his life. he is hitting biting scratching and they really hurt and we have tried timeouts sitting with him and nothing is working if he is not alowwed to do what he wants he gets majorly aggressive!
i have a-fib and the dr recommends an ablasion. does medicare cover this procedure.
<link> nitric thunderstorm critiques thunderstorm critiques quantity of choice as a result of companies similar to the authorities regarding responsible diet plan a respected exchange association for the health supplement current market which stated several rules using the study most obviously the study does not generally brand nutritious supplements employed by ones study's men and women . <link>
tip of the penis is itchy pain during urination and it feels as if it is leaking but no pus. i have never discussed this before but the symptoms are happening more and more. when i wake up and pee it is painful and feels like it is burning/razor blade sensation but not intolerable. when i shake it it seems to provide relief to the tip of my penis. i have seem a little skin peel but i ejaculate a lot. the questions is whether it is a sti or something less major. after urination it leaks or drains but to sign or pus or such. all places on my genital region are clean! what would it be?
how long after a c section should you wait before trying to get pregnant again?
what is dyspnea
what is the difference between prescription protonix  mg and ranitidine  mg an over-the-counter medicine?
"for a ' ""  year old male  pounds drinking  ounces of beer a night be cause for concern? . he also smokes marijuana daily  joints. what are the health risks? he drinks and smokes about the same amount daily."
how do i know if i have the flu?
lost  pounds without trying. im extremely tired all the time. nausea and vomiting?
can i produce milk or watery white substance if i am not pregnant? . it happened during sex he squeezes and sucks alot. all the time. maybe he is doing that too much? or could i be pregnant? tests have said i wasnt.
do i have anal abscess? give me the exact symptoms. which doctor should i consult? . i have a big boil like swelling which extends from near my anal hole up to one side of my testicles. it is stiff and pink in color. could it be anal abscess? or something else? i have constipation and occasional leakage of stools. this condition has been there for the past  days. i feel like the swelling gets bigger each day and i'm afraid it might have affected my testicles too. please clarify my doubt.
what are the early symptoms of pregnancy? . i had sex on the  of may also was ovulating at the time and was wondering what are the early signs of pregnancy?
is continuing to smoke cigarettes throughout pregnancy safer than simply quitting? . my freind's girlfriend told him that her doctor informed her that it was safer for their unborn child to continue smoking through the remaining  months of pregnancy rather than having her simply quit now due to the baby going through nicotine withdrawals. . no one was there with her when this happened. it sounds like bs to me but can anyone back this up. . trying to look out for my friend's unborn child so thanks everyone in advance.
i'm bleeding but having pregnancy symptoms. could i be pregnant? . i was on the pill but missed a few. by the time i realized that i missed pills it was too late. i started having some of the symptoms of early pregnancy. i started bleeding  days after i was supposed to get my period. it was heavy the first two days but is now very light. i am still having some symptoms of early pregnancy such as nausea and sensitivity to scents and foods. could i be pregnant?
i have or think i have prostatitis when should i contact my doctor?
my primary doctor diagnosed me with anxiety disorder and prescribed xanax and zoloft. why do i still have panic attacks?
i have chills a headache and a sore throat what might i have?
what kind of eye cream should i use for dry skin at the age of ?
i hit my hand really hard on a wall. it started to swell and hurt almost immeditaly. should i have an x-ray? . it's swollen a lot and is numb right around the knuckle of my little finger. it does not hurt very bad to touch but i have a decreased range of motion and hurts to move.
can i get pregnant from precum while ovulating? . i'm having some symptoms but haven't missed my period which should start tomorrow. i'm having cramps achy boobs increased mucous tightness round the lower part of my stomach some nausea. i've been tracking my cycle n its predictable now so i usually just have cramps n that's it. me n my friend always use the pull out method but this time i was ovulating n i feel odd with all these symptoms.
been in the sun a lot now my face is burned and face around eyes slown
can you get pregnant from a hand job? . got it on my hands washed my hands (with soap and water) and a few minutes later went to the bathroom. had my pants on the whole time. i know this is a dumb question but i have serious anxiety and this thought got in my head and i can't get it out.
why are some medications like sudafed kept behind the counter?
-year-old female experiencing neurological problems parkinsons disease?
is it safe to use nail polish while pregnant
stomach pain hard chest pain the only time i dont feel the painis when i sleep?
my doctor has recommended tear duct fusion is it safe?
my  year old was diagnosed with a testicular cyst. what does that mean? . he had an ultrasound and they found a cyst. i took him in because he was in extreme pain on the left side.
can a man be a carrier to a uti even if he does not exhibit any syptoms?
how can a man orgasm more quickly?
i burned my arm several days ago. the top layer of skin came off when i showered. what should i put on it? . the skin came off today. it does not hurt but is moist. should i just cover it or put a salve on it first?
i'm  and will be having a hysterectomy. should i keep my ovaries or remove them? no family history of cancer.
pharmacogenetics testing. does it work? what negative aspects should a person consider? how prevalent is it's use? will insurance companies base what they will authorize based on these results?
i have a defect in the base of my skull need a second medical opinion?
what would cause oxygen saturation to drop and heart rate to spike with very mild exertion?
can taking an antibiotic cause soreness in both upper arms.
sore throat and swollen are the only symptoms i have. could it still be mono?
what causes costochondritis? is there anything that aggravates it (like exercise or diet) or is it possibly viral?
i have been diagnosed with adhd. the last two years i have been severely depressed and anhedonic?
what sort of exercise can a handicapped person do who is morbidly obese and fighting several ailments? . i weigh  pounds have diabetes high cholesterol high blood pressure and arthritis which has left me with no bone left in my knees thus confining me to an electric wheelchair. surgeons will not do knee replacements due to my weight and health conditions. i need to lose weight then can possibly get knee replacements but since i can't walk exercise is very limited to me. what can i do? diet is so slow due to no exercise i become discouraged depressed and finally will quit dieting.
my  old keeps vomiting after eating formula but nothingelse could this mean its time to stop feeding him formula? . the vomiting is occasional but has been occurring about once a day for almost a week mostly at night.
is it ok to have sex while i have a uti? . i was dignosed today with a uti is ok to still have sex? will it make it worse or more uncomfortable?
could i be pregnant? . so my bf and i were messing around. but  things i know are i only touched myself and his penis did not touch my vagina. it was at least an inch away and he had peed multiple times since his last ejaculation. furthermore i got my period the day after and it lasted about  days (including the spotting time). i know i may be over analyzing and overthinking this but i just want an experts opinion first. please reply soon.
is it common to have a resident in a caesarean? . hi . my wife had a caesarean. there were two doctors that performed the operation that lasted nearly for an hour. in addition to an experienced md there was a resident doctor. should this be acceptable? . to be honest i was initially terrified because the operation sounded like a training session. i could hear the experienced doctor giving instructions to the resident. . thanks
what happens if your on dialysis and use crystal meth?
i have been having headaches for the past  or  days. they usually dont start until its night time. how can i stop them. nothing seems to help them i have been taking ibuprofen and today i have had a headache all day. tried some relaxation techniques but that does not seem to help either.
what's wrong with my digestive track? please help me it's beginning to ruin my life. for the last  months i have been converting my life to one that does not involve heavy alcohol use or smoking. however before all this started i frequently drank while on adderall xanax and accutane. now i've been having frequent gas issues while sitting and laying that keep me up at night and have been causing me to be depressed and anxious about my health. i keep telling myself its an early stage of colon cancer or something like that. i have also had spasms in my lower pelvic region.
does medicare cover a neurologist visit?
i have been on my menstrual cycle for over a month now found out i am pregnant?
my frenulum tore so i decided to cut it off?
how to drain fluid from my ears
why does my knee click every time i walk
i need relief from chronic epididymitis
foreign objects injected into bloodstream. i accidentally had lint or a food crumb or fiber or something that was in a saline flush through my central line ( pic / port ). what happens to you when a foreign object is in your bloodstream? i know about air emboli and such but something like a hair or a fiber; what happens then? . i've been doing iv treatments (hospitals and in-home care) for years and rarely get concerned or don't know what to do. i'm really hoping someone has any bit of advice or experience they can share. i'm scared!
i even cannot lift a cup when i am in a social gathering like meeting or lunch. i am . i feel anxiety when i am in a social gathering like meeting or lunch and my hands shiver and i sweat a lot. i have good muscles and can lift weights easily. kindly advice me as i am very desperate.
i am a  year old female and have noticed a swollen area under my left breast and today one under my shoulder blade
what are the symptoms of arthritis?
pressure like pain in my chest feels like someone is standing on it. flares up when i take painkillers?
i have been doing the juicing diet from fat sick and nearly dead. i have done it for a week and have not lost anything. i have done almost every diet in the book. i recently stopped taking all of my medications because i was tired of them. i started doing the juicing diet. juicing vegetables and fruits. i have been doing it for a week and have not lost a single pound. but i am now feeling good but no weight loss. i got frustrated this weekend and ate mcdonalds which is why i am fat in the first place. i did not gain but i did not lose. could there be a condition that is not letting me lose.
i suffer from erectile dysfunction. can i take trazodone with fluoxetine and cialis?
does strep throat worsen after starting antibiotics? . i was diagnosed with strep throat two days ago. the urgent care physician prescribed an antibiotic and a mouthwash but there are more white strips on the back of my throat and the pain is worse. is this typical?
im pregnant but i had sex yesterday and he came in me is that bad
"can an  year old girl have a heart attack. i am  weigh  lbs and am '"". my pulse is always racing over  and i am always short of breath. the left side of my neck hurts along with my left arm. is this a problem?"
what is hypokalemia?
i was on aceon and due to the expense my doctor changed me to lisinopril. does it protect the liver and kidney?
retired male experiencing severe cramps in hands
can viagra cause prostate cancer
ls it ok to spot brown in the  week of preg i spotted at  at er n just once at  and stopped completly since. help i was spotting brown in the  week of pregnancy it started at  at the er then once at  and stopped since what do i do?
does advil migraine interact with any other medications?
should i discontinue ambien when i'm combining  mg of valium with  mg of ativan?
what are the signs/symptoms of a concussion?
i've had tonsillitis for  days now. when will it go away? . i went to the doctor on monday (day ) and told them i'd had a sore throat for about a week. the nurse did a throat culture (twice since she dropped the swab. the second time it started bleeding. ) and told me i didn't have strep throat the next day. so if it isn't strep the internet says it's tonsillitis. will it go away on its own? because it hurts really bad to the point where i can't sleep and have to take pain killers before i eat anything.
do doctors give depo provera shots to men who have very bad sexual problems?
when to see a doctor? strep two weeks ago treated again. now severe pain in left abdomen? mono?
ultra sound shows hodgkins lymphomais it true?
my girfriend is bipolar  she is going to see her therapist today i need question to ask him on how i can help her? . i feel that most of the time its me that puts her into an episode i dont know what it is that im doing i try so hard to be there for her but some of the things she says to me hurts so bad that i get mad or depressed like ive failed her somehow she drinks everyday she drinks gin or vodka and she will destroy a .  ml bottle in a week which alot by my standards i might have  or  beers all weekend sometimes she says things like i dont want to keep living or she would be better off dead. help me!
 mts ago i dislocated and broke a finger at the knuckle. it's still painful sometimes feels like it's a big bruise. i'm worried it may be the beginning of arthritis. it's a dull pain not acute. it happened on the job so i want to make sure that if there's a chance this could result in long-term damage it's noted before i'm discharged. i see the orthopedic surgeon in  months. what should i ask him?
"i'm sure i have strep throat i'm allergic to penicillins and i think i'm getting better. do i really need meds? . on tuesday afternoon i had a tickle in my throat. w/in  hours i had a severe sore throat a fever no energy and swollen nodes the next day. i had white patches on my tonsils but today there is only  tiny one left. i haven't had a fever for a day and half i have more energy and feel a little better. do i really need antibiotics (i'm allergic to penicillin anyway) if it seems like i'm fighting it off? i know there can be complications but they're rare and i don't think i'm an ""at risk"" person."
i had hysterectomy a year ago. i am bleeding about every  days.
hello i've had an endoscopic sinus surgery some days ago. my doctor didn't gave me any specific guidance and i've had sex with my wife from the  day after surgery. i saw some websites which prohibited patients from strenuous activities as sex so i was wondering if it is so harmful? and if yes why? or it will just cause bleeding from sinuses? i have some kind of headaches now and i'm really worried so any help is so appreciated! thanks in advance for your attention!
i had rotatory cuff surgery and it locks up on me?
i am trying to get help with my medical bills. . i have hashimoto's disease and my medical bills are getting huge. i only work  maybe  days a week since my left foot has turned in completely. i have recently had my thyroid removed and i can't afford to buy anything.
can h pylori cause itp?
i have a problem with my lungs diagnosed with bacterial pneumonia?
can bells palsy or ramsey hunt syndrome be caused by the extreme fatigue and stress. can bells palsy or ramsey hunt syndrome be caused by the lowering of the immune system from extreme fatigue and stress. getting - hours of sleep for several weeks. while under extreme stress
length of poison ivy rash? . i was exposed to poison ivy  days ago and started having my first rash symptoms  days ago. i am on a steroid treatment and have washed my sheets. i continue to break out with new spots. it is so frustrating. i can't find any information on how long rash symptoms usually take to heal.
depo provera didnt work well for me(continuos bleeding). will implanon be the same way? tired of using the pill. i would prefer to have as few menstrual cycles as possible none would be great. when on depo provera the first few months were wonderful but it spiraled downward from there. continuous never ending bleeding. i would like to not have to take a pill everyday. my schedule is hectic being active duty military and a student. any advice on whether implanon would be a good choice is welcome.
i dont have insurance what is the ball park figure for having a planters wart removed by chemicals or laser therapy?
hi. i have iregular period have been bleeding for mre than  days and using regestrone. will i get pregnant or negatives? . hi i am  years i have get irregular periods since they started at  years old. the doctor said i had pollicystic ovaries. i have been on contraceptive for two years since  years of age then doctor prescribed regesterone as my period exceed more than  days. i would like to know if i will get pregnant during this time i am taking the pill for  days or anything i should know about the dates i should not have sex and what are the nagatives that can happen.
i have been having pain behind and above my right eye for  to  days now?
is there any over the counter medication for hives?
instant relief/ solution to chest pain and acute heartburn? doubled over in pain- what really works? need help asap. asking for my husband who refuses to go to the doctor. he says it is painful on his left side and is experiencing a lot of gas. please help i can't stand to see him in pain.
i am a  yrs boy and masturbate daily since  years. what its ill-effects and solutions to stop it and recover damage
how do i know if i qualify for a subsidy in the health insurance exchanges?
i have been having severe chest pains irregular heart beat swelling of the hands legs and feet weakness
possible yeast overgrowth? have had escalating symptoms in various parts of the body the last couple years. i have been experiencing sore throat recurrent strep skin rash dandruff fatigue nail fungus abdominal pain/discomfort heartburn bowel irregularity headache brain fog and anxiety. could something like a yeast overgrowth be causing these symptoms?
what do the experts say about managing depression during pregnancy?
can mild but prolonged eye irritation(like an eyelash poking)cause a migraine? . about  months ago i had an eyelash poking my right eye that has since been removed. since then my eye is still irritated. i get a sensation that there is something in my eye. i also get headaches/pulsating feeling on my right temple. very sensitive to light and any type of tv or computer screen. i have seen an eye dr and regular dr. they said my eye looks great- no problems. could the eye irritation have caused a migraine which is now irritating my eye? any suggestions would help. thanks
is bacterial vaginosis spread through sex?
are diet pills safe for teenagers if so which ones are?
how long are surgeons liable for failed surgery? . i had bilateral ignuinal surgery exactly  mos ago. lh is fine rh is not. i fear rh has returned already. is the orginal surgeon obligated to correct this surgery at no charge or should i seek another surgeon?
what happens when you stop taking birth control for a week because you ran out then start over again? any side effects? . ortho cyclen 
urine is dark yellowwhat is my problem?
when does the nausea and vomiting of motion sickness stop?
why does my daughter act out when i'm on my period? . my daughter who is  acts out and gets into more trouble at school and home when i'm on my period. is there an explaination for this? i can't take her out of school every month i'm on my period. is there something we can do?
why can't i ejaculate? . i'm  years old. i recently had chronic prostatitis and my urine flow was blocked. i had to get a foley catheter. it was removed  days ago. it feels like i'm going to ejaculate but nothing comes out.
what are the chances i will have another miscarriage after having a missed miscarriage and a chemical pregnancy. . i have  healthy children already. however i have been pregnant  times. baby # was a missed miscarriage. the doctor discovered at  weeks along that the baby had died at - weeks gestation. i had a healthy pregnancy with baby #. sadly pregnancy # lasted only a few days. (chemical pregnancy) i am  years old. i am very concerned that there is something wrong with me. should i be concerned? my  children are  / years  years and almost  years old. my other  pregnancies were healthy.
what can i expect during week  of my pregnancy?
is there a time period before xanax begins to start working? or does it immediately absorb in the system and takes days?
what are the symptoms of a brain tumor in adults?
is it safe to take levocetirizine daily?
will all preexisting conditions be covered under the affordable care act?
i have never had sex but i am experiencing all the symptoms. could i be pregnant?
how can u tell if someone is faking a seizure?
can prolonged very high blood pressure be responsible for a very high blood sugar reading?
my little boy has stomach pain done countless tests spent a fortune im at a loss need advice?
can too much sun exposure cause nausea. i got sunburned  days ago and for the last  days i have been nausiated
what else can i do to improve my health with ulcerative colitis?
what causes athlete's foot?
can a  year old white male get a sore throat from advair disks?
does keflex reduce milk supply during breastfeeding
 recently diagnosed with intramural fibroids (.  & . ). married with no children. i have few symptoms. . . . i am  recently diagnosed with intramural fibroids (.  & . ). i am married with no children but plan to have. i have few symptoms regular  day period every  or  days only frequent urination. . i am confused i when to two doctors one said i can go ahead and try to get pregnant if i cant then consider treatment for fibroids. the other said do myomectomy (via laparotomy) first because of my age and the size of the fibroids it will only continue growing. . .
is it necessary to wash my hair every day?
i started period on / and lasted to /. about a week and a half later / stared spotting dark brown pregnant? . i started my perod on / and lasted to /. about a week and a half later / stared spotting dark brown just enough to be annoying for  days. my husband and i use condoms but before climax we have intercourse and then put on a condom. can i be pregnant? . read more: spotting after period page  - early pregnancy signs and symptoms forum - ehealthforum <link>#. follow us: @ehealthforums on twitter
can i drink alcohol again in modration a day or  after having a colon polyp removed?
what foods produce cold sores?
can certain blood tests reveal gallstones
can i give my -year-old children's benadryl and robitussin cough syrup together?
could i be pregnant without penetration? . -i was on day  of my cycle. -my partner was wearing a condom. -he was near the vaginal opening but did not penetrate. -he was rubbing his penis on the clitoris. -when he ejaculated he moved away from my genitals. -i took a pregnancy test on day  of my cycle during the morning and it said negative. -i am extremely stressed over this situation
have most people done enough to prevent atherosclerosis and heart attacks?
sprayed and breathed in too much raid now feel exhausted and hard to breathe?
can i get pregnant  to  days before ovulation?
other than carbonated drinks and foods that contain sugar or acid what foods are bad for the teeth?
i use a high spf lotion on my face daily and have sensitive oily skin. why do i still get sun spots and white freckles?
i have mild disk generation right lumbar region / and cysts on my pelvis and ovary? area
i have shingles plus a swollen tongue. is there any relationship?
if i continue to have sex will i infect my partner with genital herpes?
can i give chlamydia to a girl if she was the first person i had sex with? . she believes the incubation time is outside of the person she last had sex with so it had to be me. we've had sex anywhere from - time all unprotected with - weeks.
i have cramping and diarrhea for  weeks now?
i take one generic / hydrocodone/acetaminophen tablet a day why is it not showing up on my urine screen?
i have hanging moles on my neck that hurt at times and are just plain irritating. how can i get rid of them?
can a pinched nerve in the neck cause numb fingers?
much higher blood pressure when restingis it unusual?
what is postpartum depression?
what workout or workouts are best for people in midlife?
what time of day should you take crestor?
can a pap smear cause a miscarriage. i find out by a home preg test that i was preg. and went to doctors and confirm i was and doc did my yearly pap at same time  days later had miscg. i'm just confuse and want to know more about miscarriages
how do i exercise with osteoarthritis and patellar tendonitis in both knees and falling arches in both feet?
after applying warm compress to a staph infection should i try to drain/squeeze the area?
are infants still protected against oral herpies by breast milk after  months?
what is stage  hypertension? . stage  hypertension is defined as a systolic blood pressure of  mm hg or higher or a diastolic blood pressure of  mm hg or higher. blood pressure is expressed as the systolic blood pressure over the diastolic blood pressure. for example normal blood pressure is  over .
im bipolar and we are wanting another child. im wondering what bipolar medications are safe for me take while pregnant? . my body seems to be sensitive to medications because i even started lactating while i was trying geodon and that's a rare side effect. so im wondering if there is any medication for bipolar that is at least a category b? if not being on any medication is best for the fetus then please just let me know. we are prepared to handle things either way.
is it safe to take  daily of eltroxin for hypothyroidism while pregnant?
small bruise on side of finger next to cuticle has been there  started bleeding wont heal. male  y. o. i have had a small bruise on the cuticle of my right index finger (closest to my middle finger) since around the time i was . it was not caused by any known injury and it has not caused me any problems until about a month ago. the skin around my cuticle got a bit dry so out of habit i kind of peeled it off a bit and when i did it went further than intended and got to the bruise. it started bleeding then and healed enough to stop bleeding after i put a bandage on it. but it keeps breaking open
what exams and tests help doctors to evaluate or test people for type  diabetes?
is it ok to take metoprolol topamax diamox and excedrin all at the same time?
why has salmon grown so much in popularity?
ive just lost my toe nail – skin is really yellow
my  yr old mother has swollen legs and has developed blisters on her big toes. she is not overweight. she has copd. she has had high sugar levels. her blood pressure flecuates - sometimes high sometimes low. she has received steroid shots for her back and legs. her doctor has assured her that the batch of steroids were not bought from the recent outbreak of menengitis.
can a female bladder infection cause an oral infection to a man who performed oral sex on me
how will i know if my boss gets rid of company insurance because of the affordable care act?
can bacterial vaginosis be pasted to a man?
my hair has been falling out for almost a year now. i'm  yr old female. my blood tests came back normal. along w/excessive shedding my hair has been very dry. i haven't changed the way i treat my hair. i do see growth but shedding is so excessive that my hair thinned considerably since last yr. i have used spironolactone for acne  / yrs ago. i have been off it for a little over a yr. didn't experience any bad sideeffects w/spiro. i'm not on birth control. i also have been experiencing low sex drive. my gp didn't have an answer for me. i feel hopeless<negative_smiley>
diagnosed and treated for hyospadus experiencing severe pain and difficulty urinating?
i have been experiencing skipped beats at night time when falling asleep?
why give vaccines if vaccine-preventable diseases are at a record low in the u. s.?
are oils that the human body naturally produces flammable?
can you get the flu shot and shingles shot togeather
grandson has bopolar disorder and diabetic  patient. he smokes bud (cocaine? marijuana? ) and drinks excessively. help. family has history of mental illness. our son passed away from excessive drugs prescribed to him by navy hospital. his son who is  also has same symptoms and has diabetes one. he smokes bud (marijuana? cocaine? ) and drinks heavily. we couldn't help our son although we did everything we possibly could. is there anything we can possibly do to save our grandson?
i read that in some cases one could qualify for gold/platinum health insurance coverage when signing up for silver. but i've found no specifics. why and what are the qualifications? why can i not determine out-of-pocket and co-pay costs before signing up on the healthcare. gov site?
growth under my tongue varies in size when i eat?
what can i expect during week  of my pregnancy?
would my laminectomy of / disk affect the disk above / causing it to herniate?
i had sex and we didn't use a condom for  mins then we put one on. i have irregular periods im  days late. am i preg
i am always feeling itchy on my face and my back. i have brown patches on my back and face(am black).
what medications and treatments are available to treat cataracts?
i have a patient of mine has pitting oedema difficult diagnosis any help would be appreciated?
how can i keep my healthy eating habits when traveling?
say something happens and i cannot make my cobra fee and i lose my coverage after the open enrollment date. if i then apply for health insurance on the marketplace would this be considered a hardship to get the application processed? i'm currently covered by anthem blue cross with a ppo. when i had the option to apply for insurance during the interim period of time after losing my job i was denied coverage at kaiser for a pre-existing condition. if i apply for a kaiser plan now during open enrollment will i be accepted?
i have had a sore throat for a month now and its starting to hurt more everyday what should i do. dry cough and headache and a sore throat that constantly stays sore and hurts really bad
the gums by my wisdom tooth are swollen and in pain. i'm dizzy and nauseous. what might be wrong should i see a doctor? . my wisdom tooth is just in the process of erupting and the dreaded flap of tissue is still there. i believe there might be a infection from bacteria getting caught under that flap of tissue. i'm experiencing nausea ear pain swelling redness pain around the area of the tooth and very bad dizziness. what could be wrong? should i see a doctor now or try and see if it gets better?
can you test positive for marajuana by having unprotected sex with someone who is a heavy user?
what causes stomach pain and swelling after eating every meal? been this way for  weeks. it started out about  weeks ago. i have stomach pains and severe swelling after i eat. then a couple days later i got my period and it seems my swelling is not as bad. so i went to the docter and he thought it was my gallbladder. i had blood work done normal. sent me for ultrasound normal. then hida scan normal. still having problems everytime i eat my stomach starts hurting really bad and my stomach swells some. my stomach is constanly sore. .
i have an ovarian cyst and now have a strong vaginal odor with an urgency to urinate. should i contact my doctor again?
what can i expect during week  of my pregnancy?
i am a college student and wonder what could be causing headaches during exercise?
my mother is  when she stands up for a little while she wants to pass out?
can you take tylenol and codeine # while you have a concussion? . my doctor prescribed me with tylenol and codeine # for a reoccuring stomach problem ive had over the past  years. i got a concussion two weeks ago and today i just happen to be experiencing my stomach problem. i am wondering if it is ok to take this medicine while concussed. thanks
is it possible to avoid pregnancy of  days by using any medicine. i want to terminate my  days pregnancy. can u help me for this and which medicine i want use. pls help me because i have no option only one option is there for me is to suiside. plsssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
is it my gallbladder or something else? . i am having classic gb symptoms but so far nothing has been found. ultrasound showed signs of murphy's syndrome but no stones/sludge. hida scan showed % ejection fraction and no problems but i did react to the cck. ct scan showed a small umbilical hernia and a very small cyst on my kidney. nothing that explains my symptoms. loud gurgling noises in the gb area after eating anything and lasts for hours along with other typical symptoms
i had a knee arthroscopy  months ago for two meniscus tears in my left knee?
already had bells palsy--no symptoms now (had it last summer)--safe to get a flu shot? ---i am --female. took a course of steroids-not better--dr continued steroids--added antivirals--if i get a flu shot what are my chances of getting bells palsy again etc.?
will emphysema get worse if i am continually exposed to dust at work? >. i work as a carpenter and cannot always wear a dust mask. lately i'm working in a very dusty remodel and i am starting to taste blood when i cough although i don't see any in spitum. thx
i keep getting attacks i sweat and get hot then i start the cold chills?
what causes celiac disease?
does medicare cover cochlear implants
can a health insurance company drop you because you do not participate in a wellness program they sponsor?
can you advise medication for fungal infection?
how is a sinus infection treated?
i have a lump at the bottom of my spine?
i got stds treated with ceftriaxone im and doxocycline?
i had an accident four weeks back and injured my foot
fever when no signs are obvious? . i'm pretty healthy /m not really any bad health history. maybe some anxiety and adhad. but randomly time to time i will get a fever out of the blue but then i will feel completely fine. just that i feel a burning sensation around my face time to time? has this happened to anyone?
can prozac (prescribed for post-natal depression) cause weight gain only in the stomach region? . i take  mg of prozac once a day. i also have the mirena iud (no other medication) but over xmas i took a pregnancy test (negative) because my tummy is looking so pronounced. it seemed a bit far-fetched but it was very noticeable. i got my period the next day! now i have tender breasts but no other symptoms of pregnancy. i had very bad nausea and migraines with my first  children. my tummy is still massive. i usually weigh  lbs i am weighing closer to  lbs. any ideas? thanks.
not loosing weight exercise brutally and consistently! due to a recent stressful situation i became partially bald! . i am a  year old male with no prior medical illnesses other than allergies and colds. i exercise frequently and more than many people i know who are fit. i have been tracking my workouts for the past  years and have followed a million diets. i always try to make the healthier choice when i go out to eat (not often) and drink on occasion. from august  - december  i ran boxed lifted weights in combination and lost little to no weight. bp is <negative_smiley> and after exercise /
my husband and i have commonwealth care right now. will we have to fill out new paperwork to get the new insurance?
hypothyroidism- can this make your head feel like its on fire?
what can i do if my adhd medication is unavailable for refill?
i have bloating feeling in my upper abdomen under my chest top of stomach?
it's been a week since i had sexso i wanted to know if i might be pregnant? . i had sex  days in a row a lot of ejaculation. i have tender breast they hurt a lot and i always feel very bloated after i eat when i wake up when i'm asleep and feel wierd. it's been a week so idk
how can i reduce the risk of a serious medical error in the doctor's office?
when does a cut need stitches?
i am experiencing joint pain aches swollen feet and blue veins around my joints?
will eating with new dentures be difficult?
can you get genital herpes from a pelvic exam? . i have been married for  years and we even use a condom when having sex. we both have always been healthy. i recently had a pap smear done and on that same day felt very swollen in my vagina. the next day we tried to have sex but it was too painful and couldnt. then i noticed a bump followed by by more bumps and high fevers the following few days. the bumps turned into sores. they checked me and said it is herpes. could i have gotten from the tools they used to check me?
i had hernia repair  weeks ago – incisional and belly button?
my mother is  years old and taking medicines in large quantities i dont know what to do?
my husband is worried about dropping dead!
can bacterial vaginitis cause enough swelling that a urethral stricture could occur?
when is the flu no longer contagious?
how to prevent the spread of herpes?
can rabies be transmitted from animal to human via food? (my niece ate a bit of cat food from an outside cat-bowl. ). . i put wet + dry cat food outside each morning for our indoor/outdoor cat. . each night the cat comes in so i keep  food bowl inside i empty leftover food from the outside bowl into the inside bowl then wash outside bowl in prep for next day. . . . on fri  my .  niece got in room where indoor catbowl is and ate tiny bit of cat food. . . could a rabid animals saliva have gotten in the food when it was outside then ~ hours later introduce the rabies virus to my niece via oral ingestion?
does sperm contain prescription medications that the man takes?
will the affordable care act require an insurance company to cover a dependent's pregnancy?
what genes are linked to parkinson's disease?
i have recently been diagnosed with hsp (henoch-schonlein purpura) doctors are worried my kidneys might be at risk need second opinion?
pregnant? . i have been having unprotected sex for the past month and started getting cramps nausea sore nipples etc. my period was  days late but i did get it but i have no cramps at all. could i be pregnant? thanks.
my boyfriend and i have as genotype advise how to avoid having sickle-cell disease babies?
if i shave my face or lower arms will the hair grow back in darker or coarser?
can my gf get pregnant. hi there webmd i hope i can get some feedback on my situation because i am a little worried about what has happened. . there was bareback grinding. . i attempted to penetrate but i think i only did so once and i wiped any pre-ejaculate off before entering. . i did not ejaculate. . she mentioned she had her period around the  and this happened on the . . i had ejaculated once  hours before the activity but i urinated and washed myself off. . what is the possibility of her getting pregnant!
i haven't been able to smell anything or taste for a while now what can be the cause for this?
i have upper lip wrinkles and my lipstick bleeds into my lip line. im thinking about fillers but how do i choose one?
can my new employer deny me inclusion/coverage in company insurance program to a pre existing condition?
i have  years old i'm a female from romania. when i was  i found out that i have all % of my marrow was cancer cells. i had  a half years of chemotherapy and also radiation to my head. after aprox.  months of chemo i went into complete remision. now  years later i'm steel in remision. i would like to have a baby and i want to know how pregnancy can afect me - my illnes - and if the baby will be in any danger while i'm pregnant and after he's born.
if someone with a fungal infection swims in a pool won't it spread to others through the water?
how can i make sure my partner is free of hepatitis before we have sex?
my -month-old has a cough. what can i give her?
is liposuction an effective treatment for cellulite?
when i am bleeding is it a problem that my blood is cold? . might as well clarify- this is actually happening my blood feels cold to the touch and i am worried that this is unhealthy.
i have stabbing pain along my cheekbone to the jaw and upper section of my teeth. is it that common in fibromyalgia?
what are the ingredients of boniva injection?
who is at risk for viral hepatitis?
can you get chlamydia from drinking from an infected persons cup?
"how long will it take  mg of alprazolam to get out of my system? . what can help the process of elimination along? flushing niacin exercise general metabolism etc.? also i've heard of the ""half-life"" and done the math for  mg however is even. . still detectable in a drug test? is there a way to eliminate the drug faster?"
i got a mri of the brain and cervical spine there is a .  cm left maxillary sinus cyst is it a concern?
is pubic hair removal dangerous or needed for hygiene? . some doctors claim this has lead to pubic lice becoming almost extinct without moist/warm habitat for lice and other infections which can be passed on as sti's so pubic hair removal is a benaficial thing. on the other hand doctors claim that when the hair is removed it leaves a 'microscopic open wound' which can also lead to infections and std's also skin irritations and can be equally dangerous. so which is true and is pubic hair removal a good or dangerous thing to do?
are mouth wash contents risky in case of pregnancy?
what is the significance of a blood clot on my penis?
what happens to someone when they get sinusitis?
how to raise hdl. my hdl level is low (). i do not smoke never have and exercise on a regular basis. what can i do to raise my hdl levels? .
why hasn't my period come yet? . i'm  and i want to know why my period hasn't come yet. i have all the signs. pubic hair arm pit hair cramps nausea and discharge for  years. i don't understand. will someone please explain?
if i used aliquid suppository and it came right out can i repeat treatment? . i used a liquid fleet glycerin suppository and the liquid came right out. can i do it again?
recently had a tooth pulled i am extremely fatigued i dont feel very well i have a severe headache my heart rate is elevated
is there any treatment for hyperpigmentation around the eyes?
heart question. urgent answer needed please. i am  yrs old. i have anxiety. today i had a scary episode. i was playing soccer i stopped when running and took a deep breath. with this breath i felt a little fluttery feeling in my chest. i continued running and it went away. i have done ekg before. no other symptoms with this flutter except i started to get very anxious since i have a paranoia about heart related problems. i also have read about sudden cardiac arrest so naturally i was very scared. any reassurance is welcome. thx!
all my body is swelling my feet face breast i guess it is water retention i am in panic?
how to get rid of remaining stomach belly after loose weight. so i've been fat for as long as i remember but about a year ago i lost a lot of weight after which i started working out everything is going fine but there still remains one problem - my stomach belly. so i'm a little bit confused now. the rest of my body is looking for some weight gain while my stomach is still there and if i try to gain my weight my stomach will get even bigger while if i start a diet to loose my weight my muscles won't have a chance to develope. any ideas what to do?
my blood test results are abnormal should i be concerned?
my wife kept taking primolut-n even after pregnancy is there a problem?
am taking eltroxin /day now feelin my throat tight & heart palpitation should i increase or decrease ? . after my thyroid gland was taken out year  am taking eltroxin / day.
is rem sleep behavior disorder a precursor to parkinsons disease?
"how can i help my father understand that i can't ""just stop worrying"" because i have anxiety disorders?"
what increases the risk of getting transient ischemic attack tia?
what is male factor infertility?
are the online network/doctor data for health insurance plans accurate? . can i depend on it to guarantee my doctor will be in their network all year? what are consumer safeguards for a brand new insurance company who entered the exchange?
my period is one week late but i have no pregnancy /sysmptoms whatsoever though i am sexually active. what to do. i am  years of age and my partner is already happy that i might be pregnant; i don't feel excited at all.
dull pain on upper right abdomen? no fever .  threw up once. it all started after having a bowel movement. . this has been going on for about two hours. doesn't think it's the stomach the pain is lower most uncomfortable on upper right.
i had a full blown grand mal seizure now having pains right beneath my right ribs?
sex with condom no brekage and he pulled out before he ejacuated what is the chance of becoming pregnant? . im  days from starting my next period i am currently not on bc but will be starting it within the next month we have never had unprotected sex we always use trojan magnum condom and we take percussion with everything we do but i always seem to get paranoid after i have sex because i fear unwanted pregnancy maybe that means i should wait until i'm on bc but is bc very effective and is it safe? and are condoms a reliable form of birth control when put on correctly each time?
what can i do for a teen boy who's breasts are enlarged? . hello i am a teen boy () annd i am   in and weigh  lbs. ( lbs underweight). since i was  my pecktoral region has been swollen and i have found nothing to help it. it is embarrasing when going swimming or doing activities teenage boys do that involve taking off their shirt.
what i should do to get rid of eye puffiness?
 year old girl respiratory infection rash taste buds enlarged reactive airway and cough variant asthma?
does drinking warm liquid with food aid digestion. conversely does drinking ice cold liquid inhibit proper digestion? . i've seen a lot online about this but no valid answers just amateur advice. thanks!
can a person have no friends? i have no one but my husband &  grown children. i was bullied as a teenager and i am . . i'm not a bad person. i don't get invited places and i have no best girlfriend to confide in. i'm not sure how i got to this place. i see women at work who talk go for walks have lunch but if i volunteer i am told they have enough. sometimes i cry and other times i just ask myself what have i done wrong. the last time i had a best friend was about  yrs ago. i try not to feel sorry for myself. i'm a normal  yr old who somehow ended up with no friends and it sucks! i'm not dirty either.
i had a horseback riding accident and fell on my back pain is spreading?
i am always cold even if it's  degrees out. what is the cause and is there a vitamin that i can take.
what causes congestive heart failure?
what problems are caused by having bad teeth?
i am having an outbreak of genital herpes and it is really painful. is soaking in a sea salt bath helpful?
migraine or something worse? . i have migraines every single day. recently they have been getting worse and usually start with neck pain. recently i've been becoming more emotional and violent unintentionally with these headaches. i'm  and have depression; but these new migraines are unusual and seem to be untreatable and last for more than  hours.
can i take amoxicillin with zantac
i have long term diarrhea and it doesnt stop for months?
dr said i was dehydrated no signs of infection.
can you get pregnant the day after your period? . my husband and i had sex the day after my period stopped. could i be pregnant?
how do you get rid of birthmarks naturally? . mine is on my left thigh and is a light brown color with weirdly shaped splotches.
do peanuts help prevent headaches. have been told that if you eat a handful of peanuts a day you can prevent headaches their frequency and severity is this true
is it normal that my period is late? almost  days now. i've never had sex so i can't be pregnant. i'm  and i'm always regular. it was ramadan recently. so i fasted. and my sleeping pattern kind of messed up. i went to sleep at  am and woke up at  pm like the whole month. but before that i've always went to sleep at like  pm. plus i ate a lot less. everyone says i've lost weight. and i don't know if i should be worried or not. i'd reaaaaaaally appreciate your help.
can a partical hysterectomy be reversed? has anyone every attempted such a proceedure? how much would it cost. i want to know can a partial hysterectomy be reversed and if it can be done what complication will it cause? has anyone ever attempted such a procedure? if not would it be worth trying and how much would a procedure like that cost? if a man can reverse his vacestomy then how come a woman can't reverse a partial hysterectomy? i dont feel like a woman anymore because i dont experince the crazy periods anymore and i see so many women my age having babies and i feel left out. .
hemorrhiods at . so i've had hemorrhoids for a few years now. (diagnosed by a doctor when i was  y/o & pretty positive they are hereditary) i like to believe i have a decent diet i exercise probably  days a week at least and drink plenty of fluids. also i am not overweight. i started taking a stool softener and i won't lie i wasn't consistent on taking it every night but i did take it at least  times a week for about  months. however i've had no change in my hemorrhoids (external) whats the next step?
i have a question. like if you take a sea salt bath because of you have a tear or scratch in your vagina like how do u get like the sea salt inside your vagina? . and like does your like vagina close in like water? . and like why does it hurt? . and does sea salt water burn inside it?
i had a vestibular injury do not know what to do anymore?
of all the supplements you can take to increase your energy which ones are normally safe to take during pregnancy?
does a loss of gray matter in the brain and/or possible other brain dysfunction cause dementia in fibromyalgia patients?
i have joint pain and muscle spasms since  now developed numbness in legs?
how can eating walnuts help my body cope with stress?
i had sex with my boyfriend friday night but he pulled out but got sperm on my underwear can i get pregnant from that?
i was diagnosed with pandas syndrome i often run low grade fevers have fatigue and chills?
is ice cream bad for a cough?
can tens unit be used for migraines
"unknown sexual partner(from rape). result: sore in vaginal area swollen sick fever cold sore- not confirmed. . -  test came back negative. - chlamydia and g negative. - swab test negative for any sti. - obygn physical examination= ""healthy"". - tonsillitis was diagnosed after this event- antibiotics. - friend that came out with me has had a history of cold sores and ended up getting strep and sick. - however i blacked out and this creep tried having sex with me so i am scared for  and  transmission?"
i was diagnosed with cerebral venous sinus thrombosis by mri?
burning fat cells. i am seeing a lot of advertisement about a 'new' way to burn fat cells to lose wt. however i have not seen any trusted medical articles supporting that procedure. the articles refer to a difference between brown and white cells.
is it legg-perthes-calvé disease?
should i have an infected cyst lanced now if i have an appt with a surgeon in  weeks? . i've had this cyst twice before. it's really painful and i'm not sure i can wait the  weeks! will it mess up my surgery to have it lanced now?
the nurse blew my vein when getting my inr checke. it hurts hot swelling n red. i take blood thinners should i be worried. it is in my right elbow. my lower and upper arm are starting to swell as well. i have the blood condition factor v linden. i take .  of warfrain a day. should i be worried about my arm and getting a blood clot.
me and my boyfriend had oral sex  times this week. i wanted to know does having oral sex push back your period?
my children have got measles?
i was just treated for a sinus infection but still feel bad- do i head back to the doc? . i finished all the medication as prescribed but am still congested coughing and have face pain
have vaginal discharge and pain gynecologist doesnt believe staph infection what do i do next?
can you have arthritis pain  hours a day
what is this cold going around! i've been sick for over a week now and just lost my voice last night. any remedies? . it started with a scratchy throat runny nose plugged ears and cough. i have had it for over a week and now it has moved down i to my chest making it hard to breathe. it's a raspy feeling when i inhale and now i have lost my voice and sound like a bad squeak toy. help! any remedies to get through this
is it safe to use medicine while i am pregnant?
which epilepsy medication is right for me?
my daughter finds it difficult to fall asleep. why?
i have had a cold for a few days now my adams apple moved to the right side of my throat!
my child is  months old and has just got this rash on her chest?
mom process conducted cancerous tumor in the liver by the microwave tumor size of  cm kind hcc analysis of alpha-fetoprotein before surgery  normal was  a week after surgery .  normall  why did not the result appears normal after getting rid of the cancerous tumor what medications that must be addressed now after the operation so as not to come back again the tumor is infected with virus c and cirrhosis of the liver and blood pressure and of diabetes at the age of . thanks
what does varicella chickenpox look like?
can shingles in the vaginal area be responsible for causing herpes at a later time
here lately i have been really tired for no reason an i have random nose bleeds i feel bloated and hungry all the time
can women take small amounts of testosterone for a short while?
do i bundle my toddler in warm blankets (cause sweating) to help fight a fever or use a cool washcloth / keep him cool?
does the caffeine in coffee cause facial wrinkles?
my mom and my grandma had beautiful skin and washed their face with bar soap. why do i need a regimen to clean my face?
first time taking perscribed xanax .  will show how long in your blood stream?
is there any ayurvedic treatment for kidney stones?
what kind of things can you do when you have a pacemaker? . example go swimming or using a blood pressure cuff that runs on batteries? what kind of exercising can you do?
im taking maxalt daily for headaches. i took one this morning and my head still hurts. can i take excedrin now?
at  i had my first-ever nose bleed. then i had another with a small amount of blood. could it be serious?
i have been experiencing sharp lancing pain behind my right ear in the mastoid area?
can sinus problems trigger migraines?
is it true that more women's services will be available at a lower or no cost?
how much should  year old eat?
what if i have health insurance through my employer?
how to gain weight back from unexpected weight loss also having fatigue and nausea? . i have had an ongoing anxiety disorder for  years. i've finall found a med combination that works for me. venlafaxline and bupropion. i had been on the bupropion for about a year before so one drug was new. before i started this drug i started having unexplained naused food eversions and lots of fatigue i have dropped my weight from  to  pounds. am a personal trainer just trying to put on muscle but nothing is helping! i feel like im constantly forcing myself to eat. hcg= neg tsh= normal
which is a better birth control pill than ortho-cyclen?
what would cause someone's brain to start hurting during intercourse?
acrophobia medications. in my line of work i am working in exposed heights and i cannot seem to get rid of the anxiety i feel every time i am exposed to it which is on a daily basis. are there any non-drowsy anxiety medications that can help with this? i have tried herbal supplements deep breathing ect with no success.
" yr male '""  abdominal pain after eating on right side front and back vomiting nausea gas bloating cramps. weight gain in the excess of + pound unintentionally vomiting constipation diarrhea severe gas acid reflux even while on medication. symptoms get worse with eating and drinking feeling of bloated fullness with loss of appetite and lethargy. i believe my husband is exhibiting symptoms that involve either his liver or gallbladder possibly ibs but not sure. current doctor does not feel the need to look into the issues over the counter meds have not helped. just looking for some ideas."
can i get pregnant while taking lybrel?
can methadone be transmitted thru sperm or sexual intercourse or sweating to other people?
is getting too much sleep bad for you?
very painful foot pain.  yr old male heart disease past  yrs high bp cannot walk very far without developing severe foot pain in the arch of the feet first heart attack  yrs ago last one  yrs ago feet pain started a year before last heart attack started in one foot then after triple bypass in  it is in both feet very painful also flat footed % heart function otherwise quite healthy
bleeding from clitoris. i have been diagnosed with gonorrhea and i am now on antibiotics to get it to go away. well while still on the antibiotics i had sex with my boyfriend but we used a condom  time we had sex together. later that day my clitoris started bleeding no pain. it is not continuously bleeding all day but there will be a minute wear a lot comes out and then i won't bleed for a few hours and then i will again. is this a symptom from my gonorrhea or is it from sex? should i be worried?
i had anal sex after having a csection  weeks ago can i get pregnant?
i have chronic pain on the left side of my back that spreads to the left side of my stomach?
"anyone here who knows of a pregnancy due to ejaculant on fingers being rubbed on vagina during mutual masturbation? . i've read many many replies (on many websites) from doctors regarding the chances of getting pregnant by a small amount of ejaculant on one's hands being rubbed on the vaginal opening. some say ""yes possible b/c it only takes one sperm"" while some say ""very unlikely b/c sperm need to be inserted higher"". i'd like to know: ) is there any medical professional here who actually knows of a pregnancy happening from such a situation? ) are there any more scientific studies on this? thanks"
i don't work and am early retired. is there a health insurance plan for those with low incomes?
my employer won't offer health insurance starting next january. . this means i have to go to the marketplace for healthcare. also i am on a budget with small take home pay. how can i get help paying for healthcare?
my husband and i are trying to have a baby. i was  days late for my period. and today i'm spotting. pregnant? . i took a test  days ago and it was negative. any info would be greatly appreciated.
my legs are itchy and red. is that due to insect bite?
is it safe to give a  month old pedialyte on a daily basis?
how do you treat yeast infection on thighs?
is it normal to still sweat a lot during the night without having a fever and while on antibiotics for strep? . i'm a -year-old healthy male who was diagnosed with strep throat and put on  of amoxicillin three times day. i started antibiotics about  hours ago and i am feeling better. my fever has been gone since yesterday morning my lymph nodes are reducing in size and the headache i had prior to the diagnosis is better as well. however last night i still woke up in the middle of the night really sweaty. is it normal to get that sweaty without having a fever? i was in an air conditioned room.
had a mole removed an now its red an very itchy. the mole was on my forearm. my doctor burned it off. now it is red an very itchy. whats causing it to do that?
how to feel better with migraines and depression
bad ear infection dont know what to do help. have ear infection for  / months. been to emergency room they gave me amoxicillin and drops and never worked kept getting worse so i went to phycician and he have me cypro and ear wax removal as he told me there was alot of wax built up. made it completly worse as i woke up yesterday morning and my ear is burning and stinging inside and very stiff on the outside and i cannot hear anything out my ear. and my cheeckbone is very sore can barely open my mouth. what should i do?
how do i cure constipation that lasted for  months? (-year-old male). i have constipation since jan . i used to poop early in the morning once a day and it would just take me about  minutes to finish. now i take - mins in the toilet and even after i get up i still feel incomplete emptying. the urge to poop would come back again at noon after eating lunch. my poo is usually  in the bristol stool chart. my poo gets stuck somewhere deep in the rectum and not at the anus. i've tried probiotics exercising more water fiber fruits veggies laxative. none work
how are inguinal hernias diagnosed
i have intramural fibroid   cm renal function ok. what could be the cause?
hurts to take deep breathe pain around belly button and pain under ribs. what is this? . this pain just started on monday. i thought it was just indigestion so i started taking a upset stomach reliever it's now next monday and it's still there but i went to the er on saturday and they said that my blood tests and lab tests came back normal xrays looked okay. the pain is a bit under my ribs and it hurts to take deep breaths and it's now starting to burn a little bit when i pee. what's wrong with me? . the doctor at the er also prescribed prilosec which i have been taking.
can kidney stones be found in your testicles
how do i choose an over-the-counter heartburn medication?
in a lot of pain. i get to the point were standing up is a problem and laying in bed is extremely uncomfortable?
no movement in  days hurts to try major sharp tearing pain in low l front belly passing gas coughing moving cause pain
i am on an antibiotic and have very bad diarrhea. i am taking a probiotic and yogurts. can i take another probiotic?
i have this thing on my face no clue what it is?
what's the best way to shave my face?
i had a horrible panic attack two weeks ago. my arms and legs went numb. what can i do to stop this?
what are the symptoms of thrush?
my son has had ringworm for  weeks we are still using rx cream. school asked us to cover it. is it okay to cover?
does drinking gurling with cold water stop hiccups. does gargling with cold water stops hiccups
why quit bipolar disorder medications?
my husband wants me to have oral sex will i get sick if he comes in my mouth. i was physically and sexually abused as a child. my husband knows about this. he has asked if i would preform oral sex for him will i get sick if he comes in my mouth? are there germs that can also make me sick. when i was forced to do this as a child and my dad crammed his dick in my mouth and came i threw up and began to chock. i was also afraid that i would get pg.
i have  this  prviously after stoppinghrtsincehaving period. have been bleeding  wks. should i see my md?
head spasm followed by headache and blurring of vision?
how do i keep track of how much medication is in my dry powder inhaler?
can i ever have grapefruit again if i take a statin?
what vitamins are recommended for a -year-old with a spinal cord injury
can hepatitis be treated?
my mother suffers from restless leg syndrome
how do i choose the best treatment for localized prostate cancer?
i had a cap glued to a post which was inserted in my gum. the post came out. can i use temporary cement to put it back?
how often should i exercise to ease depression?
how can i manage leg cramps during pregnancy?
what is the treatment for bacterial vaginosis?
i need a second opinion regarding itp.
my semen was pink in color and the last time it had blood in it?
what is the difference between sudafed & claratin? i have been told to take claratin for vertigo. is sudafed same?
i was diagnosed with chlamydia and am now being tested for all other stis such as hiv. is this routine? . i was called last night by my doctor telling me that i tested + for chlamydia. i was given  of zithromax & took it last night. i called this morning to ask when to retest & they told me that i would need to retest for other stds such as hiv what are the chances that i have contracted another more serious sti such as hiv? . i looked up symptoms for hiv & i am not showing any symptoms. in all honesty i am relatively healthy & haven't been showing symptoms for anything - including chlamydia.
my new omeprazole prescription ( mg twice daily) is working but must i always take it on an empty stomach?
what vitamins could you take for low estrogen?
does hives on skin indicate vitamin d deficiency? . # i get hives with lot of itch and later muscle pain in the area. # i'm not exposed to sun a lot as i stay in northern hemisphere in north america. # i've skin condition called vitiligo.
i am currently insured by anthem blue cross blue shield. i haven't received a cancellation letter yet but am told my plan will not be available in . i live  minutes from my physicians in utah and have physicians in my home town in nevada. will i be able to find a plan that has both physicians in utah and nevada as in-network care?
our cobra runs out for us on december . what do we do? . my wife has a medical condition which i've been told will not be covered until january . do we try to find a policy that will cover the two of us or should we look for two policies -- one for her and one for me? i am  and she is . neither of us have health coverage via our employers.
is this normal for a first time drinker? . i am '  lbs female i had a half bottle of smirnoff but this was on saturday // sometimes i feel really dizzy and i can hear myself speaking most of the time im not aware of anything. i feel like im going to have an anxiety attack or something moving incorrectly makes me want to vomit i get really shaky and i feel cold even when it's hot outside. i can't keep down some foods like chips soda different types of water tea bread i feel like it gets difficult to breathe too.
can u get pregnant on the pill? . i have been taking the pill for  months now and my last peroid wasnt really a period. i bled for maybe  minutes a day for  days. could i be pregnant? i just started feeling nausea and im hungry but when i start eating i feel like i cant eat
what specific treatments are there for hair loss in women?
can shingles affect your mind?
i got my tubes tied after my  child. its been  years now. i have had my period every  days for  days. i got my tubes tied after my  child. its been  years now. i have had my period every  days for  days. but this month it was late by  days and it was light almost nothing and it lasted  to  days. i have been feeling a lot of cramps lower back aches tones of headaches tender boobs nausea body temp up and down a lot more tired then usual some time dizzy/fatigue and more. what do you think it could be?
male  multiple surgeries  surgeries in last  years - how do i help him regain his strength and mental abilities? . the last knee replaced in february this year accident with tablesaw in early august bladder reopened mid september last day of september entered hospital with uti and severe diarrhea was about to be released with heart rate dropped and consistantly stayed between  and  beats per minute october  heart rate dropped to  at rest so pacemaker inserted. what steps should i take to help him regain his mental sharpness and energy levels. he is impatient that he is not good right now!
is osteoporosis a risk in women with high prolactin levels?
can teething in toddlers cause hives? . we have taken milk/fruits/pb away & reintroduced & no hives appeared. ped dr thought it was viral but that wasn't it. it has been over the past several months. they come & go in sperts so he will have them then they fade on there own. they will be gone for sev weeks & come back. every time he has them he has a runny nose & tends to be irritable & no appetite. i attributed these symptoms to teething. so i was treating the hives & teething seperately. is it possible that these two are related?
my flu shot last week was terribly painful and now i can barely lift my arm. what is happening?
what increases the risk of getting tuberculosis tb?
can rosacea cause a rash around the mouth? . itchy bumps that look like pimples but are not. very red
lately i have a very funny feeling in my chest almost like a soft shock?
how much in government contracts have you made to promote obamacare? where did you disclose this?
what type of doctor should i see to get a diagnosis for a lump under the tongue? . so in the area under my tongue (behind the back of my lower teeth near the saliva glands) i can feel a small hard mass about the size of a jelly bean. it often aches which is how i first discovered it. i have had this for quite awhile and am unable to get a diagnosis. i have been to several ents but they just dismiss me and say they don't feel anything even though i do! i know it's there! . is there another type of doctor i should be consulting other than an ent?
how do i know if my child is overweight?
is it okay to give my son benadryl and advil for his runny nose sinus pressure and headache?
can high blood pressure cause a severe headache during sex? . the headache came on suddenly and was on the top of my head. it stopped gradually. my blood pressure averages / with medication.
i have been experiencing headaches that make me vomit im wondering if this could be hormonal?
is it common for someone to lose control of bladder or bowel during a panic/anxiety attack? . i have a history of what i thought were anxiety or panic attacks and have been taking anxiety meds for many years without an extreme episode. this past week i had two episodes the first came on suddenly and an ambulance was called i was taken to the er and was discharged with a dx of anxiety and unspecified chest pain. . a few days later i had had another sudden episode of chest pain heaviness dizziness cold sweat and lost control of both bladder and bowel. . could this be something else?
i have severe sinus blockages and infection so i am having sinus surgery?
partner in hospital  days (on a gastroenterology ward under the care of a gastroenterologist! ). they have admitted they havent a clue what is wrong with her?
if i have symptoms of prostate cancer does it mean i have prostate cancer?
"what laxative should i take after abdominal surgery? . there are many options otc and discharge instructions just say ""laxative""."
what is whooping cough?
i had an arthroscopy breathing issues diagnosed deep vein thrombosis right leg now in left?
i need to buy health insurance asap. what do i do? where do i go?
after i argue with my girlfriend if i am emotionally hurt i get a chest pain until i feel better. during this time i don't want to eat anything. sometimes it can be for a few hours or a day. when i told her about this she told me that i am a weak person and depressed and should see a doctor. is she right about that?
broke my forearm during a fight should i remove my long arm cast?
do i have herpes or something else? . at first the only thing that formed was a small bump that i could see not feel on the opening of my vagina. right before that point i thought i had a yeast infection. the next day i developed more. they are located right near the opening on the lips and on my butt. today they became incredibly painful especially when urinating. they look like small pimples. i am also experiencing a lot of swelling and tenderness. it sounds like herpes to me but i am really hoping it is not.
why am i not able to have sex with my girlfriend though i am able to have sex with my wife? please advise. i have a girlfriend and a wife. i have same feelings for both of them. when it comes to sexual intercourse i am enjoying for-play with both of them and sex only with my wife. when i am with my girlfriend my penis does not get erected. my penis will get erect for a while then it lost erection. would you please help me so i can enjoy sex with my girlfriend too.
is medicaid possible for those who are not citizens but legal permanent ressidents and otherwise meet its criteria?
my daughter is  and diagnosed with scabies but last night a white long thing crawled out of vagina. please help
my daughter is complaining of not feeling well. her body is very hot to the touch with no fever for  days now. her appetite has gone she had fever at the beginning of .  but now no fever. i have been pushing fluids. what else can i do? i'm alittle confused because she has no fever. she's been complaining of her stomach hurting also. her eyes are watery so i thought it was her seasonal allergies. waiting on her m. d. to schedule an appt.
is melanoma a precurser to pancreatic cancer
where are some good places to walk for exercise?
my sis is  months pregnant n has a really bad tooth ache what can she do? she is anemic and has gained - over
i have pain in my right kidney and swollen and painful left testicle
i have scoliosis and now suffer from right side lower back/upper leg pain after long physical labor. i was diagnosed in high school with scoliosis but it wasn't severe enough to have a brace made or surgery done. i do have an obvious unbalance as one hip is higher than the other. i recently got a well-paying job with great benefits but it is very physical. i lift light to moderately heavy boxes while walking long distances for  sometimes up to  hours and half way through each day i start to experience pain in my lower back and it travels down my right leg when i put weight on it.
could you provide a few links to the major studies showing excessive saturated fat is unhealthy? . this website and the american heart association continue to recommend a diet low in saturated fat. but the current buzz on the internet is that there is really little evidence for that position. in fact france eats a diet high in saturated fat yet has a low rate of deaths from heart disease (<link> <link> ). can i see links to the original studies showing sf is harmful?
what are cre?
can medications help ulcerative colitis?
what are some easy excersises to do at work? . i work in a call center. i am in desperate need for some light activity through out the day. i try to get out and walk on my breaks but is there anything i can do at my desk to not only keep me active but to keep me awake as well?
how many days after having unprotected sex can sperm stay in your vagina? not sure when i got pregnant. my last lmp was / cycle was about  days. i had unprotected sex on / / what day might i have gotten pregnant i am confused please help.
if we use a condom birth control and the pullout method how likely is it that my girlfriend will get pregnant? !
will taking multivitamins at night affect my sleep?
how can pagets disease of bone be prevented?
pregnant or pms? . sex on and before ovulation! / dpo very nauseous almost puked dizzy headache cramps sore boobs. it only lasted a day the naseous part. i am a week in a few days away from my period so not around the corner. pms or implantation?
have a severe case of hives. went to doctor  prednisone taking benedryl. symptons still return  hrs.
what should i know before i start taking penicillin g pot in dextrose?
ive had swollen lymph nodes on the back of my neck vomiting and fever?
can herbal supplements cause false positive in urine drug screen
can shrimp and french fries cooked in the same greese cause allergic reaction. hi at the age of  i developed an allergie to peanuts and shellfish at the same time. i had the test run they came back negative. so i went to red lobster and two hours later was rushed to the hospital with a shellfish allergie. two weeks later bought a snickers out of a vending machine back to the er.
where is the best place to seek affordable emergency care?
we've used premetherin washed clothes and linens in hot water and still have gotten scabies  times in  months. why?
my son took  dose of fletchers laxative for kids around  this morning. will he be ok to go to school tomorrow?
does stress really cause rapid aging?
variose veins on my left testicle? . hi im  years old and i have large varicose looking veins on my left testicle. they don't cause me any pain or bother or interfere with things in any way they're just ugly looking. i've had them for as long as i can remember at least since i hit puberty. are they a problem? and will they cause any health problems in the future?
how is anemia caused by blood loss treated?
i have a hiatal hernia. it seems to bother me more after exercise especially after crunches. is there a connection?
can hot flashes cause laryngitis
i have been diagnosed with three kidney stone?
do over-the-counter lip-plumping products really work?
. 
my husband has relly bad migraines that never really go away. what could be causing this and what can we do? . we have been unable to find a medication that takes away his pain. there are times when it eases up a little but it's very rare for him to say it doesn't hurt at all. he has had mri's done and they found a chiari malformation but the neurosurgeon said it was too small to be the culprit. his mother's side has a history of tumors but none have been found in his head. we just can't figure it out.
i would like to change my kaiser health plan but i do not know what is available and where to find? . i am retiered. . i would like to live kaiser and finde an other healt insurance provider? . . where can i find a list of healt insurances to compere? . . yesterday i was on a medicare meeting and they told i should compar but what if i do not know one more just kaiser. . . how can i compere if i do not know one more name? . .
is it safe to take carbamazepine while breastfeeding?
multiple nodules now larger and hypoectoic?
i suffer from olfactory hallucination (phantosmia) for over ?
i am having a sudden sharp chest pain that feels like my heart is being stabbed with needles. could anxiety cause that?
what are asthma symptoms?
anal bleeding? . my husband and i want to try anal sex. a friend suggested that i should practice/ prepare myself by using small anal toys. after using an anal toy there was a little blood on it. is that normal?
i am on medicaid. does this change wih obomacare
what are some of the warning signs to stop sex right away?
vegetation and the appendix. i believe i read somewhere that the appendix is used to hold gut bacteria and that the gut bacteria breaks down foliage. i am curious then if this would be true could it be harmful for someone who has had their appendix removed to consider taking up a vegan/plant based diet?
i have sinus infection went to er now feel no energy tired and weak?
"normal to ""feel"" like im being topped (anal sex) for several days after the sexual event? blood in stool  days later. i ""bottom"" for anal sex a week ago. . sex was normal until he hit a point deep inside me. it was a pleasurable acute pain. hard to describe. . next day i felt fine. yet i had this odd sensation i was being ""topped"" when i was walking driving whatever. no blood. felt fine. odd feeling continued and  days after initial sex  blood chunks came out. next day more blood. again i feel fine. no nausea no headaches. no chills no fever. no sores. no cuts. no loss of appetite. no enlarged lympfh nodes."
my father has wounds on both of his ankles. its been more than  years?
i have nausea hot flashes chills and sometimes i feel light headed. what could this be? do i need to see my doctor?
my neck is twisted
what are the treatment options for low estrogen levels in a young woman? . i have had depression for the past  months and always felt that it was hormonal. about a month ago i got diagnosed with an ovarian cyst and it got me thinking that i should get my hormone levels tested to see if that was the cause of my depression. i got a saliva hormone test done and the results showed that i had menopausal levels of estrogen (i'm only ! ). are saliva hormone tests acurate? what are my treatment options? should i share my results with my doctor and see what she thinks?
i'm  and noticed that my skin has changed. it looks like reptile skin and the color is uneven. what should i do?
is it true that fluoride is used in rat poison? i heard thats why you should use natural toothpaste without fluoride.
i had  endometrial biopsy-both came negative do i need another biopsy?
how is ringworm of the skin treated?
what is cpr? . my dr did blood work and told me my cpr indicated i had an infection in my body. my question is what is cpr?
what are genital warts?
warts on hands tried home remedies o/c med derm. burned off removed by surgeon and imiquimod. back and spreading mor. this is my  yr old son and we have been fighting these for + years now. they are spreading rapidly and we have no clue where else to turn. we have tried all the home remedies we can find including duct tape super glue apple cider vinegar and on and on. the surgeon had to put  stitches on the palm of his hand when he removed one and it's back and larger. is there an oral medicine he could possibly try? he now has about  on one hand
i have a hole in my big toe after using dr. scholls wart remover. it's been  mo. and will not heal and is painfull.
"clogged ear from a cold. have tried decongestants to no avail. any suggestions? is it ok to fly like this? . i recently had a bad cold that lasted almost  weeks. all the symptoms have totally cleared except a bit of congestion remains and my right ear has been ""clogged"" for around - weeks now. there is no pain or discharge. the hearing is muffled and theres a feeling of fullness. i have two plane flights coming up in days. is it ok to fly with my ear like this? and is there anything anyone would suggest that would help? i have tried sudafed and a few home remedies to no avail. thanks!"
my body has been numb for two days should i go to the hospital? . i really need to know if i should be having more care for this problem. i got sent home from the hospital and i'm very scared because my body is still numb. i lay in front of a fan all day long to make sure i'm getting oxygen. i'm numb and can't breathe. this is making my anxiety very bad. and making my depression and suicidal thoughts come back. i need help and nobody seems to want to help me around here. what should i do. my hearing and vision are all different. please help me.
what are the symptoms of extensively drug-resistant (xdr) tuberculosis?
are apple cider supplements effective in lowering blood sugar and ldl cholesterol?
can you get pregnant from anal sex even though you are still a virgin?
will clindamycin hcl treat a bladder infection?
pulmonary tuberculosis – lung nodule
today in class i was standing on my knees and i felt my heart pounding then i got sweaty. what could this be? . i felt like i was going to pass out. i had ate breakfast and this was at like : a. m. any ideas what this could be? i am very hydrated also.
what is advanced prostate cancer?
what skin conditions can mimic acne?
is it normal to break out in a very itchy rash all over my arms legs and abdomen after i work out?
i have numbness on left side of body cold hands feet heart palpitations?
i have a rash on both of my upper arms. there are small bumps on both of my upper arms and it has been there for awhile now. they kinda look like pimples but it does not go away. i have tried changing soaps and detergents that i use to see if it was some sort of an allergic reaction but there was no change. just looking for possibilities of what it could be and what i should do to get rid of it. thanks!
after going through chemotherapy for five years i now experience burning in my mouth. how can relieve these symptoms? . i also have an acidic taste in my mouth all the time. this causes me great distress.
can viagra cause prostate cancer
since being sick with the norovirus how soon after can you be infected again? . i had the norovirus just over a week ago. today my husband came home from work gave me a hello how was your day kiss and about an hour later he was sick. all of the same symptoms i had he now has. my question is: how soon after having this can you be sick from it again? everything i have read so far about norovirus suggests once it is contracted symptoms begin within  hours. i'm nervous since it's been almost a week and a half that i will contract the virus and be sick all over again.
will i have implantation bleeding in future pregnancies? . i had a baby  months ago. i have a fibroid that grew from about golf ball size to grapefruit size during pregnancy. in early pregnancy around implantation i had moderate red and brown bleeding and then spotting twice during the first trimester. i would like to get pregnant again soon and am wondering if i should expect to have the same bleeding in very early pregnancy again due to my fibroid. my fibroid is located on the outside of the uterine wall.
why won't my penis stay hard when in pregame? . i get hard quite easily when around my gf but then all of a sudden when it comes to me taking my jeans off it goes down. why? . when it does decide to work i really do love sex with her so what's causing this? also i can't cum when she tries to give bj
emergency - i have been diagnosed with trigeminal neuralgia. having a flare up and face is very swollen is that normal? . dentist and endodontist found nothing  of april. brain mri normal neurologist diagnosed trigeminal neuralgia. flare ups but this time my jaw/cheek very swollen. neurologist's overbooked cant see me went to er never heard of tn did not think it was a tooth. gave me penicillin said if not better in few days go to dentist. no swelling in neck not concerned about airway. appt with neurologist /. is it normal to have a huge amount of swelling with this condition or is this something else?
i have pain in my knee under the knee cap the back of my knee and my thigh is this just arthritis? . some times i can hardly stand i have always tucked my leg under me when i sit down i can't any more the pain is too harsh. some times my thigh muscles and calf muscles hurt so bad is this all part of arthris?
i've lost  pounds with a bmi of  but it's not enough. am i addicted to weight loss?
can an abscessed tooth lead to cellulitis? . toothache lead to facial swelling extending to the submandibular region causing difficulty swallowing. im rocephin  administered. will that need to be followed up with pen vk ?
can you give an example of an adverse event following a vaccine?
is it ok to take prenatal vitamins if you're not pregnant? . my husband and i noticed that after me having two kids my energy has'nt been the same so we're looking for vitamins that would help to restore my energy. we both think being that prenantal vitamins have different vitamins it would be the best way to go along with me excercising and yoga and not so good eating habits. would taking prenatal vitamins be ideal for women who are not pregnant?
i think i have water stuck behind my eardrum. i jumped off this rock into this river today and got water stuck in my ear. i was able to get water out of my ear before but this time it was different. the whole side of my face started to hurt and now its been over  hours since. it hurts so bad i cant even sleep and ibuprofen has done nothing. it hurts to talk to chew to swallow anything that has to do with my face. i seriously need this water out now!
what should i tell my partner if i have genital herpes?
cut my thumb and was told i possiably severed my radial nerve why not repair it before stitching my thumb? why not asap. i have a follow up with orthopedics to confirm however i am pretty sure the emergency room doc was correct i am still having numbness on the back outside of my thumb.
my mother underwent tuberculosis (tb) treatment now started getting fever is it incomplete cure or relapse of tb?
it looks like my baby has a diaper rash on her face what could this be? she is exclusively breastfed  weeks old.
i have been sick with over  degree fever for four days straight now?
hi i shaved my genital area andonce it started to grow bback i noticed i had some bumps in the area. hi i shaved my genital area andonce it started to grow bback i noticed i had some bumps in the area. it does not hurt but was itchy a few days ago. i've been with my girlfriend for over a year now and before her i did have a spree of sexual partners but always used a condom. i'm terrified i may have herpes. i have no flu like symptoms at all and i do once and awhile get cold sores on my lips maybe once every  years.
fasting sugar levle of  years old son. i am  prediabetic and controlling it by weight and exercise while i was checking my the blood sugar my child came to me and i yesterday checked sugar level of my son who is  years at  am. it came  he was playing at that time and waked up  hours before but it was fasting of + hours. i got worried so i checked him again  hours after his heavy break fast it came  then i checked him again in the evening randomly it came back again . he don't have any symptoms.
should you feel week and break out in a sweat with a cold? . i have had a bad cold for almost a week now i have lost my voice even. the last couple of days though i have noticed that i have broken out in sweats and am getting rather week is that normal?
is the nutritional value of fresh whole fruits any better than canned or frozen fruit?
what can i do for scars post breast augmentation. scars are under the breast fold and very prominent
i havent been able to lift my arm above my shoulder had steroid injection and physio ibuprofen and anti inflammatories no effect?
since being treated for chlamydia i have noticed a change in odor and discharge of my vagina. what could be going on?
sevear lower left abdomin pain almost groin. started  hrs ago. pain increasingly getting worse. normal bathroom habits as far as going but hurts really bad to sit down and stand up. i can't bend over at all. no relief except to lay down and not move. i had pelvic mesh implanted  years ago. i have had to have repeated surgeries for that (). last year i had surgery for acid reflux with hianial hernia. this is sudden pain getting increasingly worse. goes from right above groin up to belly button and out about  inches to the right if you were facing me. what should i do?
what is delayed nausea during chemotherapy?
what should i eat in order to have a normal lipid profile?
what r the risks performing oral sex on boyfriend if he is positive for genital herpes but has never had an outbreak? . diagnosed in jan w/ genital herpes after  unprotected sex with bf had a terrible outbreak went to er due to complications of my immune system. he was diagnosed at the same time did not know he had it. my doctor said he gave to me. i was tested for the indicator that shows this is very recent (widowed almost  yrs-no partners). he has never had symptoms is it safe to perform oral sex both for him and for me? my fear is to get oral herpes on top of genital. also are men considered carriers?
what is heart failure?
can't sleep at night because my legs feel like they're still going. constant twitching burning and aching? . i have had issues with my legs for years but it has gotten much worse since i had my son. i can't sleep because my legs always feel so tensed and strained at night. it bothers me a little during the day but it is really bad at night. it feels like my nerves or something in my inner thighs and calves are twitching. sometimes it feels like my legs are swollen and really sore. they always burn and have that dull annoying pain. i do have poor circulation. i just really need to know how to help it.
forearm and wrist hurts and occasionally numb finger. could my arm be broke? . my nephew pushed on my arm with his feet really hard and sent instant pain up my arm and now about a week later my arm hurts pretty bad! arm hurts from wrist to elbow and hurts to open hand fully.
is it ok to do exercise the day before having a ct scan? . the ct scan is scheduled for : monday.
what should i eat during a flare-up of ulcerative colitis symptoms?
i have developed a tremor in my left hand concerned that this is a progression of something that went not diagnosed?
can i still get pregnant even if i am taking a birth control pill (lactating pill)?
had sex  each day for week. got period day after this week. could i be pregnant? . i got my period june . and just noticed that i think i got it again today . my period seems to follow a pattern of coming earlier each month. i am stressed and experience anxiety. i am sexual active but am in a long distance relationship so when i see my bf i have sex occur frequently then not at all until i see him the next time. could i be pregnant? is this my period?
will prednisone help with a staph infection
what are some ways that those with fibromyalgia can enjoy better sex and intimacy?
can height be increased by doing excersise after the age at which it stops increasing?
what are possible complications of athlete's foot?
what can i do to gain back my missing pounds and feel healthy again? . i have been sick and lost  pounds i am fatigued all the time and look poorly. i want to gain my wieght back and feel good again! as quickly as possible!
is it safe to use an electronic cigarette when you are pregnant? . i am  weeks pregnant. i have given up smoking but have been using an electronic cigarette as an alternative for about  weeks. however i wasn't aware that the solution you put in the e cigarette does contain nicotine. my question is is the amount of nicotine in the solution enough to cause harm to the baby? im not sure how much nicotine the solution actually contains. also if i happen to find a solution that does not contain nicotine does that make it harmless for the baby?
is high blood pressure a side effect of prilosec?
i am taking strattera and the generic of celexa. is that safe for a pregnancy?
what dosage of benadryl for a  pound/  year old toddler? . at  months-old my son was prescribed q-dryl  ml every  hours. now he is  years  months and  lbs  ozs how many 'ml' or 'tsp' do i give him now? thanks for your time!
what are genital herpes symptoms and signs?
used a sex toy that was corroded inside. i used a sex toy with a condom on it and afterward i noticed one side of the toy had turned brown on the inside. (the toy was a translucent color which is how i could tell. ) not sure if it was rust or a battery leak.  hours later and i'm not feeling well body aches chills even some mild cramps. even though i used a condom could i be in danger of some kind from battery poisoning or etc?
why do teens need at least eight hours of sleep?
what is sinemet cr for parkinson's disease?
could becoming a vegan during my pregnancy cause problems for me and my baby?
how does one identify someone with schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders.
are men and women equally at risk of getting and spreading hepatitis through sex?
i have had sex one time with a person infected with hpv. what is the percentage i will get hpv. they have genital warts.
can you use a nasal decongestant at the same time as a pill decongestant
can liver transplantation be done for hepatitis c?
my  day of last period was  april. the next period date was  may. l missed that. when i will check my pregnancy? . my period is regular. i am  years. don't have children. l don't have period this  may. l just worried. am l pregnant or not? pls reply.
is it possible to get three sinus infections at the same time? . my friend went to the dr and she told me they said she had  sinus infections at the same time. ive had multiple sinus infections before but not all at the same time. is that even possible?
is it ok to take adhd medication like adderall with an ssri like prozac or lexapro?
period is a week early  months in a row. i know for sure im not pregnant. should i be worried? . i have been somewhat stressed and fatigued and i have started working out - times a week.
i have cough pneumonia taking antibiotics cough doesnt go away?
what happens in emphysema?
who is a candidate for epilepsy surgery?
as a plastic surgeon are there patients you would refuse?
if i have the cancerous strain of hpv can i still get genital warts? . although no cancer cells were present there were dysplasia on my cervix. can i pass on hpv to my boyfriend if he gives me oral sex?
how can i improve my denture bite? some of my favorite foods are really hard to eat now.
tapering geodon? . in june replaced my meds with latuda  mg. i still stuck on to geodon for sleep. but went from  mg to  mg in liquid form and have been tapering the liquid form gradually. today i take  mg geodon with  mg latuda. i want to be off of geodon by end of this year. . so i am consulting you to see if you have experience with such low dose of geodon. is it even having its effects on my sleep? . pease tell me anything because i want to decrease to  mg in  days.
how can sinusitis be prevented?
do oxycodone or hydrocodone contain codiene? . i have a sensitivity to codiene and would like to know as i have chronic pain and use pain medication daily.
i am only  and i'm noticing that some of my hair is turning gray or white. is this normal?
i have a very bad hair condition. my hair is very scanty and thin. each of my hair strands is thin. i am a non vegetarian and i eat good amount of egg and fish. wash my hair daily due to oil formation and faint smell. my hair is just a little longer from my shoulder and looks awful when i tie my hair or try out different hair style due to which i leave my hair loose all the time. my scalp can now be visible too. i trim my hair once in  months. is there any way my hair get a little thicker and longer. i have tried out couple of remedies but proved unworthy. i am really worried about this. can you please give me some suggestions or prescribe any kind of pills or sort any remedies.
i was told i had blood in my urine and to see a doctor. why? i didn't see any blood.
what are the symptoms of crohn's disease?
can the contrast in a ct scan cause cancer cells. i'm a  year old woman in good health. after a chest xray a  spot was found on my right lung. the dr wants me to have a ct scan with contrast. i have read quite a bit about the scan and am not at all comfortable with many side effects of the contrast. . can anyone provide details in the risks of the dye? . thank you
i have stick my penis in a guy for  second what is my chances to get infected with hiv?
i'm  year old indian girl with ' height can i increase it with yoga and exercise or is there any way to increase it. both of my parents have good height. so please suggest if there is any solution of my problem because its very embarrassing and humiliating to be short
what flu medications are safe during pregnancy?
is antibiotic a must for seasonal allergic cough?
late period. period  days late. got it for  / days usually  or  days long. nauseous. and vomiting for  weeks. certain smells make the nausea and vomiting worse. negative pregnancy test. what would be wrong with me?
can chronic pain play a role in high blood pressure? . i have infused vertebrae in my neck that causes chronic pain and i am not on any pain medications except over the counter medications such as motrin. i am experiencing elevated blood pressure.
does dringking pineapple juice can be harm during pregnancy
i have a  old daughter who all of a sudden had problems with walking but before she was walking properly without any problems. suddenly she is a little bit shaky and struggles to walk and she is just cheerful she does not have fever but every-time she tries to walk she falls what could be the cause.
can a yeast infection cause a false positive chlamydia test? . i was recently tested for std's and while they were waiting for the results to come back i was diagnosed with a yeast infection. the next day i was then called and told the test had come back positive for chlamydia. is there any chance that this positive chlamydia test could be the result of the yeast infection?
can getting an injection of an antibiotic vs. taking it orally still result in a vaginal yeast infection?
is it right that in lip plumpers there is poison or venom? what if it accidently goes into our mouth after applied it? . i heard that in lip plumpers they use venom or some kind of poison which make your lips swell and make it fuller but what will going to happen if it goes into mouth or if we accidently licked it. after all its poison right?
does anyone know how soon after you have completed chemo that one could get a flu shot?
constiption for  days no movement . my boyfriend has severe constipation lots of pain no movement for  days feels nausea. frequent urination. doubles over when spasm/cramp hit every few minutes. has ate oatmeal greens turkey etc. last three days. has taken five stool softeners and laxative. still nothing. what should we do? help
what is the likelihood that a  year old child allergic to cats will also be allergic to dogs? . does it matter whether the cats/dogs are male or female? are some breeds of dog more allergenic than others? if the symptom includes a puffy face which is not usual for her cat reactions could this be due to exposure to a dog or other allergenic?
i was diagnosed with chlamydia and now with pelvic inflammatory disease (pid)?
what foods contain magnesium?
is tuna fish good for high blood pressure
how can viruses cause harm?
how do lasers work in dentistry?
warts of testicles. my husband seen a urinolist today and found out he has warts on both his testicles and that i may have given him them but i haven't had a outbreak in  yrs and had it only once! did i give him these he has had them for at least  yrs now and they burst and bleed are they warts and did i give them to him.?
is contact with a person with shingles harmful to pregnant women?
nauseated when i see flashing lights. even when i drive thru a tunnel the lights make me nauseas or when i watch tv news and they show cops flashing lights i have to turn away and or close me eyes
i have the chills a headache and am nauseous. what is wrong with me and what do i do? . i am college basketball player. i lifted today and played basketball for a hour and a half or two. i am not low on energy or anything and this is something i would do on a normal day.
how can i find a good orthodontist or oral surgeon for my daughter?
will medicare tricare for life and va benefits be affected for disabled patients as a result of the aca?
what support is available to patients with brain tumors?
what can be the reason for back pain and stiffness?
i have swelling of the paratoid gland face is noticeably swollen on the right side?
i was diagnosed with mononucleosis  months ago. since then i have not been able to recover?
what can help anxiety caused by going to the gynecologist? . i have only been to the gynecologist once for examining purposes and it was very traumatic for me. i experienced a lot of pain during the exam to the point that the doctor had to stop. i felt very violated but i know i have to confront this fear and go back especially since i want to have children one day. how can this be dealt with? is this normal? i was thinking that maybe having my husband go with me next time would be helpful but i'm not sure.
i am  yrs old man not taking drugs & get morning wood frequently. what does it mean am i healthy and having ed?
i have gbs should i have the flu shot
what is type  diabetes?
if you can't get an erection are you still able to reach an orgasm?
what increases the risk of getting pneumonia?
my insurance just got terminated due to being out of state. . i have pre-existing conditions and i need insurance. i have part-time work with no benefits. there is a lot of talk about obamacare. i can't wait. what would be the best insurance option to do? i need physical therapy and probably other therapy.
vaginal blisters near the opening of my vagina that are in a linear line whitsh in color. no burning itching or pain. i am sexualy active i heard that my partner has hpv. there is an odor and there has been blood after intercourse.
could my retainer give me a bacterial throat infection? . i went about a month without wearing my retainer. in april a few days after i wore it again i developed a sore throat which the doctors deemed a bacterial infection. i was off the medicine and felt fine for a few days until i started wearing my retainer again. they told me i had another bacterial infection and put me on more amoxicillin. is it possible my retainers are making me sick?
what happens to someone when they get acne vulgaris?
what can i use to flavor of my swamp-tasting tap water instead of artificially colored drink powders?
i have started jogging for exercise and the inside of my knees are sore. what i can do before/after to help alleviate?
 year old suffering from premature hair graying
lump in chest. hi i am feeling uncomfortable from last one month. the few symptoms which i am having are-. . pain in chest. . lump just under the left chest nipple. ( it pains when i press it).  sore throat and. . fatique. i am  years and i have consulted few doctors( ent and gp's). most of them have conducted few tests and say that this is due to acidity and lump is because of puberty and will go away within few months. . there is no history of cancer in my family.
can you lactate during pregnancy?
can you catch chlamydia from fingering someone? . my girlfriend thinks she has chlamydia and we've never had any sexual contact before but intend to so is it possible to contract this sti from mutual masturbation?
can a fused finger be reversed or adjusted to regain motion?
can your cervix be effaced if you are not pregnant? . is it possible for your cervix to become effaced and dilate if you are not pregnant? . can this be associated with any other medical conditions? . can pseudo-pregnancy actually cause real labor not just labor pains? . and how likely is it that someone who truly thinks they aren't pregnant and has been told by  er doctors at a teaching hospital that they are not can actually be pregnant? even if they feel movement and have for months.
how does the affordable care act affect people on low income social security/disability?
i have one pimple like blister near perianum. it is not red or blisterish. could this be gh? . it does not itch and only burns during urination. formed during the tail end of menstruation. the surroundng area is raised skin and a little swollen.
i'm titrating down from seraquel. having awful but expected side effects. bp rose to unexpected /. is this dangerous? . took seraquel dosage from  to nothing over about two months. also discontinued wellbutrin from  to nothing in two weeks. all this was after receiving  weeks tms. am still taking lithium ( mg) gabapentin ( mg) trazodone ( mg). i had been taking propranolol ( mg) but missed a week's worth in error. i'm a  year old female.
can u get a piercing through a mole
my family has soap taste in mouth and bloody noses. please help.
my son is  years old. his skin is peeling. is it dangerous?
my wifes upper thighs turned purple all blood tests are ok?
blackheads have been a problem for many years of my life. what should i look for in a doctor to treat this problem? . i've had black and whitehead problems all my life and i am  years old. i'm ready to find a dermatologist that can help me with this issue but don't know what to look for while researching. what questions should i ask and how do i know they are reputable?
i noticed an itch on my scalp im now scratching uncontrollably?
the condom fell off outside of me? . we had sex i am on birth control and we use condoms. i usually skip periods on the pill not sure if that will help or not to answer this question. anyways he ejeculsted and as he was getting off of me the condom fell off but outside of me it just fell off. i felt it leave my vagina. but what are the chances that i could be pregnant? he usually gets out right after he comes so that there's no problem. with using the pill and condoms what are the chances of me becoming pregnant?
what are the symptoms of type  diabetes children living with the disease?
i noticed a small plum like lump on my lower right side of back?
does it make a difference how long it's been since last ejaculation? does sperm have to be kept fresh to be fertile?
what are the chances i'm pregnant. i had sex one bay before my fertile window  in my fertile window including the day i ovulated according to my chart an then again the day after it was always unprotected every time it's too soon to test as i expect my next peirod in  days also wanted to add that i was on depo for  months an been off it for almost  months now
question about passing genital herpes onto someone. i have genital herpes and my partner is worried that i may have passed it to him after he tasted my fluids. he basically rubbed my vagina then stuck his fingers in his mouth to taste me. i had no outbreak or lesions at the time. is it possible that i could have passed my herpes onto him?
is it true that i shouldn't use any products on my skin if they are not safe enough to eat?
do i need to boil the tap water when i make formula for my baby?
being that royal icing is made with raw egg whites is it safe to eat?
had  major depression episodes better. still dealing with uncontrollable panics around people who do power over.  year old female. strongly emotionally abused in childhood and long term marrige. now my mom whats me to help her. she lives in the country  miles away and i have few financial emotional and energy resouces after trying to rebuild my live. she is  and has a fancy thanksgiving to meet her dreams every year but it works me to death she can not do it any more and every detail is her instruction. my sister says that i have to do more of the work and i don't care about it at all but i do show. make out rolls do all cleanup and take  dishes and my sister feels put upon. thats my limit and i do not feel like my moms tradition is my mandate. i will involve myself in needs and sister does wants to. she is moms controlling drone and i want less tradition and to finally either pair it down but the - hunting nephews are going to start doing a stint in dishwashing.
 y/o w/ sore throat & .  fever went away after tylenol. gave a warm vapor bath also has a stuffy runny nose. monday night sore throat. gave tylenol and went away by morning. tuesday came the runny stuffy nose. gave her a vapor bath and chicken noodle soup. tuesday night sore throat again and gave tylenol. better this morning but still has runny stuffy nose.
i started feeling nausea i have intense abdominal pain. my abdomen back and sides are sensitive and swollen?
is it ok to take prilosec while taking avelox an antibiotic?
can uti's be caused by using latex condems? . i am constantly getting a lot of urinary track infections and i am not sure what is causing them.
i was admitted to icu in a hospital diagnosis: vbi bppv need second opinion?
i'm  days late my last period was april  and end april  everything was normal until may. i was supposed to get my period on  of may it never came. my next period is the  i haven't taken a pregnancy test yet i'm waiting till next week. i've been getting nauseous but not every morning i've only recently started getting sick. i've never missed a period before but it is also a slim chance i am pregnant. my husband and i have had vaginal intercourse but he has never ejaculated into me. guess my question is how would i have gotten pregnant if i am?
i have lingual henia from  years i have no problems with this by my yoga asanas is there any risk of cancer by this
having ringworms for a year now appears near sweatin region ear groin and butox region. used onabet fourderm candid b. i am having this skin problem for a year now. the fungal rashes somehow come and go but it prevails all over now it is spreading all over my armpit my lower abdomen over my right ear cheek region ear and even my butox region it is terrifying indeed the medicine that i use is fourderm somehow it is good but i need a pure cure for this i know that this has been transmitted to me by my pet dog. it itches and is become inflamatory after itching. kindly provide a medication and resolve this.
is it possible for a male to have a fetus inside his body without a uterus
my right foot ct scan shows distortion my leg is swollen?
my periods are all over the place?
if our home is free of bedbugs how could we get them? do they come with us or things we brought from outside?
my male dog has seizures will having him nuetured help. male german shepard already on phenobarbital and potassium bromide
why would my cholesterol level suddenly be elevated if i have not changed my diet in any way?
my husband and i had sex in a pool yesterday i am  weeks pregnant and now i am spotting and cramping. is this normal?
why am i getting migraines in my sleep through my neck? . i am waking up in the night with terrible neck pain that leads to a migraine. i have changed pillows as well as the height but nothing works.
i have been suffering from low grade fever excessive saliva at night dark and less urine?
what is acetaminophen elixir? how does the word elixir change the purpose of the medication?
"what is bipolar depressive type? is that a seperate type of bipolar or is that what a doctor calls a depressed episode? . i was released from a psychiatric hospital and in my discharge papers the doctor had written ""bipolar depressive type"". i had never heard of that before. i was wondering if a depressive type of bipolar actually exists and what that is? is it a subtype of bipolar or did he maybe just not know what to diagnose me as? . thank you!"
how does high cholesterol and fatty liver effect the body and are there any guidlines and things to help in this matter. what are long term side effects of this. and can this be a major cause of fatigue or could it be hepatitis.
i have the worst motion and travel sickness?
can taking a birth control pill and having sex at the same time cause pregnancy
what predicts the severity of a food allergy?
i was born with bilateral pars defect and have spondylolysis can i fix this or help with the pain?
can you get a flu shot and the whooping cough vaccine at the same time or does it cause problems? . we have had several patients tell us they have heard not to get the  shots together - but we have never heard that & our health department says it is fine
are there any proven across-the-counter drugs to treat ed?
i swallowed  tablets of  citalopram whay should i do?
should i worry if an injection site feels hot red and swollen after  days?
is obesity a pre-existing condition?
can viagra cause prostate cancer
who gets tuberculosis?
can vitiligo be cured? what causes it? how can i disguise it?
 months without my period and i've had protected sex four months ago what is wrong? . i am eighteen years old and i have had my period after sex i've had it twice. recently i believe this would be the  month by the end of it/ week of the next month without my period. although i have felt inside and had blood on my fingers around this time. this also happened last month but i've never ended up having my period flow at all. i am becoming very concerned and i am afraid to even test for a take home pregnancy. i don't know what to do at this point is it truly possible im prey
my father has paralysis in his left leg is in pain?
when is it safe to have sex after having a stillbirth? . my husband and i want to be make love but the discharge papers nothing for -  weeks. would it be safe to use condoms? my horomones are all over the place. and when would it be safe to try again for aanother baby?
if a child is allergic to milk can he have lactose-free milk or lactaid?
what are pre-existing condition insurance plans (pcip)?
ive been diagnosed with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (rrms) losing weight can it be lyme disease?
what causes stomach pain and swelling after eating every meal? been this way for  weeks. it started out about  weeks ago. i have stomach pains and severe swelling after i eat. then a couple days later i got my period and it seems my swelling is not as bad. so i went to the docter and he thought it was my gallbladder. i had blood work done normal. sent me for ultrasound normal. then hida scan normal. still having problems everytime i eat my stomach starts hurting really bad and my stomach swells some. my stomach is constanly sore. .
how long after your last dose of antibiotics can you take monistat for a yeast infection? . i've been taking antibiotics for the last  days and have a yeast infection. i've just taken my last pill earlier today and want to know how soon after i can start monistat for the infection. thanks!
i am an african-american woman with alopecia. my dermatologist recommended rogaine for men. is this ok for me to use? . i have stopped using any type of chemicals on my hair so now it is all natural. would using rogaine for men help my hair to grow faster than using rogaine for women?
i am eligible for medicare in may . i currently have no health insurance. am i required to sign up for the aca?
why does my neurologist do that?
my  month old ate cat poop from the litter box what should i do?
my mom is in a depressionwhat can i do?
should i let my baby cry himself to sleep?
what causes hair loss in women
i am scheduled for a colonoscopy in  days. i am suffering a gout flare up now. is it ok to take ibuprofen?
can hepatitis c be transmitted by saliva?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of laxative-senna?
i had viral phrayngitis about  weeks ago. and i think its back what should i do? is this going to keep happening?
what does it mean when the doctor measures your belly?
menstrual cycle causes cramping breast soreness enlargement but not pregnant?
is it ok to take a steroid nasal spray if it expired a month ago?
length of weakness from flu. how long after running no fever will it take till my muscle/joint weakness starts to disappear? when can i resume my normal outdoor activities (cycling) without fear of relapse?
i have a rash on my abdomin that looks shingles. i am  and had the vaccine over a year ago.
my knuckle touched a cancerous tumor. now the skin of that knuckle looks burnt & wrinkly. aging or result from contact? . i was helping my sister clean a cancerous tumor. the cleaning process started before we thought to put on gloves. i' be noticed over the past several months that the skin on that knuckle has a burnt wrinkly texture. not sure if my knuckle came in contact with the tumor or not but there was no problem with my skin until that incident. the area is more defined as time goes. it does not itch. could it just be that the skin is aging in that area. it is the skin over the  knuckle.
how is ulcerative colitis treated?
"for a '"" male age  @  lbs should the consumption of - beers per evening be cause for concern? . married.  boys ages   and ;. . noticeable irritability in evenings. unreasonably impatient. he has never physically harmed any of us. our doctor believes he has a problem with alcohol. i believe he has a problem. he does not think he has a problem because he stays at home (not in bars) and doesn't ever drink and drive. he helps run the family-owned liquor store and brings home a -pack of beer each week and sneaks in other quantities when i am not around."
having testicle pressure urethra pain minor burning while urinating. chlamydia gonnorhea negative what can it be? . i am  years old. irritated and over sensitive head of penis burning while urinating and occasional redness around tip of penis as well as some mild testicular pain. the symptoms come and go. i have been urine tested for bacteria as well as chlamydia and gonorrhea and all tests were negative. i am currently taking cipro for  days prescribed by a urologist who told me he was not sure what it was but possibly prostatitis. i have seen no imrpovement with the cipro yet.
how are vitamin b- and folate deficiency anemia treated?
something to worry about? colon cancer? . my husband is having an endoscope next week. he has has severe bloody diareha for years and he has massive swelling on upper left abdomen which started a few months ago. the pain is severe to the point where he feels as though he is splitting. in one month he has gained  pounds due to this mass on his side. he is  years old i am very concerned about the symptoms. i know we will find out soon but i'd like to know how to proceed after the endo and do his symptoms sound indicitive of cancer?
can inderal and an antihistamine be taken together?
my  month old daughter has a few red bumps on her vagina. it doesn't seem the bother her. i just noticed the bumps about  hour ago. i have not changed her diapers or wipes since she born.
ive recently had an hysterectomy do test results show i have cancer?
how important is food during alcohol withdrawals. my daughter is going cold turkey on alcohol withdrawal and is very sick. her heart doc told me today to keep her on track and not leave her for - days. she is not eating much and i wondered if food would help her recovery. and is it dangerous to go cold turkey instead of a slow tapering of alcohol? she is  and her drinking has been going on for years.  drinks in a day
what should i do if my baby was born with teeth?
my daughter is  years old and has an extremely distended stomach
pregnant? or side effect? . i was intimate with my partner  days before my period and we been intimate since then. the date of my period was suppose to be september  and it still hasn't come. a week before that i started birth control. i've been getting nauseas having lower stomach cramps and pain. body aches sore breast and been more tired. we haven't tried a pregnancy test yet but we are planning to at  weeks. i guess my really question is that is it possible i am pregnant or could it be from my birth control?
do anxiety disorders increase with postpartum depression?
i have had  once a week injections of methotrexate  could this be why my hair is falling out?
if i am on the pill can i accurately use the calendar method to determine my fertile days to avoid pregnancy?
is there a cure for psoriatic arthritis?
what causes high blood pressure and high heart rates in children? . my  year old is  inches tall and weighs about . he is having high blood pressure along with high heart rates. standing still his heart rate gets up to  bpm and his blood pressure sitting still gets up to <negative_smiley>. what could be causing this?
can shingles occur in the scalp
does  or  / glasses of wine a day caues high blood preasure?
will a x-ray show fluid on the knee
can  levels of  or  mmhg during respiratory failure cause some form of brain damage like permanent short term memory loss?
i have a bad cold. is it safe to swim? . i have sinus pain and pressure chest congestion cough watery eyes sore throat and body aches. have had these symptoms for  / days. i only swim in an indoor pool.
how long does the first herpes breakout take to heal? is there anything that can be done for relief other than warm ?
what happens to someone when they get type  diabetes children living with the disease?
how should i prepare for the echocardiogram?
what can i do for wart on the side of my finger that is bleeding due to me picking at it. it looks like an open sore all red in the inside.
is it possible for my miscarriage to have happened wothout my knowing. i am about  weeks pregnant but have steadily been feeling a decrease in pregnancy symptoms. i have also had a lot of cramping. yesterday morning i passed what seemed to be a lot of dried blood. i have also been passing small spongey pieces of tissue. the cramps come and go but my lower back pain is getting worse and worse. . should i be worried? if i did miscarry will my body pass the remaining tissue on it's own?
my wife is allergic to nuts. can she suffer a reaction if i eat nuts and then she performs oral sex on me and swallows?
what candy can i eat with type  diabetes.
what is the difference between bi-polar and schizophrenia?
i have a throat bacterial infection feels like i have a fluid or something in my ear?
i have had  surgeries i am in constant pain.
how do i control dandruff and hair fall?
why do we need vaccines?
how are dentures made?
i'm getting so many cavities and i want to know how i can prevent them. i brush use mouthwash and floss.
acne since  years old and needing urgent assistens! . hello i have cystic acne and i've been trying to make my face as acne free as possible also get rid of the after scars of cystic acne. i've used antibiotics for  months and stop at the end of december last year. . while i have been using the antibiotics i had no visual appears of acne on my face then after about  weeks of not using the antibiotics the acne started again. could you help me with my problem? . i have also been using some topical creams and also an antibiotic roll on for my face.
where do i start if i have never exercised?
japanese encephalitis immunization got only first injection not second?
brainsmart ultra reviews - grow your mental power. brainsmart ultra definitely is between an ideal nootropics accessible inside the. <link>#! brainsmart-ultra-highly-advanced-nootropic-supplement//
what increases the risk of getting migraine headaches?
is it better to apply heat or cold to sore muscles after stenuous exercise?
can epilepsy only occur while sleeping? . my father has had about  episodes in about years in which he looses consciousness and become very stiffed. always during the first  to  minutes after he goes to sleep. he is always taken to the hospital and all tests become negative. could this be a type of epilepsy?
stray dog licked hand do i need a shot. hello . i was sitting in my car talking on the phone with my window open. when i looked out the door i saw a stray dog sniffing for food near my door i simultaneously felt a burning sensation on broken skin on one of my fingers which was holding the phone. now i'm in doubt that did that stray dog licked my hand while i was talking on the phone and looking the other way. if so than should i get a shot? please help me doctor i'm really worried. thanks. p. s. this happened  days back.
does a prostatectomy make you infertile? does the procedure sever the tubes from the testes? vas deferens?
stop birth control and bf cum in me. i didn't know i was getting my period the next day. can i get pregnant? . on wednesday i went off brith control and on friday i had sex and he cum in me. because we decided to have a baby. on my way home i had a little cramping. on saturday morning i had cramps like i was getting my period. i didn't know i was getting my period. i went to the bathroom several times no blood so then finally their was blood. is it possible for me to get pregnant
i have shingles is my  month old baby at risk?
how long does a laxative last
i have panic attacks anxiety  weight gain excessive body odor in armpits fatigue irritability and restlessness. my doctor did blood work a year ago and said it was fine. this seemed to all happen in the year after i had my second child. i did have the essure implanted in that time also i'm not sure if that is in any way related. as for the weight gain i have always been a small person and after both my children i was down to my normal weight within  weeks of delivering each of my children but within this time frame i went from losing all the weight within  weeks and then gaining  within a year.
is there a generic for advair?
why is it important to have a healthy weight before i get pregnant?
when a woman is pregnant with identical twins do they share the same placenta or have their own?
how long for matitis swelling to go away. part of my breast remains firm. antibiotics help all other symptoms. i stopped breastfeeding over  years ago. antibiotics took care of all the pain and swelling. no rash no discharge just firm breast. i had an ultrasound that showed nothing but very swollen breast. i had my annual mammogram and ultra sound in august and there was nothing there. how long does it take for the swelling in that part of the breast to go away?
how can i use sound to improve my sleep?
what happens if my daughter missed her monthly allergy shot? . my daughter's allergy doctor's office is closed until december . she was scheduled to receive her monthly maintenance shot around november  but the office was already closed. what should we do now?
is it unsafe to be vaccinated for shingles twice? . i have had both chicken pox and shingles. i am now being advised to be vaccinated for shingles. i think i have been vaccinated for shingles shortly after i had them but not sure. should i go ahead and have the vaccination and would it be safe?
"what's the difference between ""situational depression"" and depression that's not situational?"
fluid coming out of penis without being erect negative stds and have been classified with non bacterial prostatitis.  and a half ago i had sex with a girl and for a brief period it was unprotected. i did a couple of stupid things beyond not wearing protection . contracted my muscles very tight to prevent any semen from coming out (i was drunk obviously this would not work) . excessively washed myself including the tip with a purfumey soap. within  hours i could feel a slight itch at the tip and within a week pain in my testicles.
how much risk is there for sucking a man's penis (not knowing his sexual history) with respect to aids/hiv? . i want so much to suck on other guys' penises through their ejaculation. i feel compelled to do it. . what is the hiv danger from doing so? herpes? other diseases? . . thank you!
my semen was pink in color and the last time it had blood in it?
i had a tubal ligation during my last c-section is it possible that i'm pregnant? . what is the fail rate of my tubal since it was done during my c-section?
i came down with acute viral myocarditis doctors say its due to anxiety. need  opinion?
i had a jif pb & grape jelly sandwich on white bread @ : a mint candy at . bs test at : was . normal?
are unemployment and social security payments included when calculating annual income for health insurance purposes?
how can i prevent premature ejaculation?
what can i give my  year old for a soar throat. had a fever of .  and soar throat
how can women with high blood pressure prevent problems during pregnancy?
my body hasnt been feeling good at all what can be wrong?
what exams and tests help doctors to evaluate or test people for cataracts?
back pain exercises
i had sex with my wife now i came to know she is suffering from hypothyroidism. is there a chances that i get affected? . had an unprotective sex. and what are the chances that i too get hypothyroidism?
"could you explain these important health insurance ""dates"" for us? -- dec.   jan.   and march  ."
can i smoke a cigar while recovering from walking pneumonia? . i went to the doctor on the  and he started me that day on iv drip antibiotics i went back the next day not feeling much better and he put me on another iv with the same antibiotic from the day before and a new one. i feel a lot better today and i started my zpack along with suprax . . i've been stuck in my house or a doctors office the past  days and really want to go have a cigar with my friends you don't inhale cigar smoke but im just not sure if this is a good idea or not
i had thyredectomy for papillary thyroid cancer  years ago?
i have me myalgic encephalomyelitis and finding it impossible to lose weight?
i had sex with my bf on  day of my cycle was on pills from  day. is there a chance of me getting pregnant? . he had pulled out before ejaculation. i have not got my periods yet.
can i mix formula and cows milk for my  month old. i want to start weaning my  month old to cows milk can i mix her bottle with half cows milk and half formula until she is one? i was told that it would be ok to mix  of cows milk and  of formula for the first couple weeks and to slowly add more cows milk till she turns one then she would be on cows milk completely. can i start to do this? or is it better to wait till she is one?
my white blood cells (wbc) count is high and also noted that i have typhoid and malaria.
how do i get to know dat i am pregnant?
had accident right hip – i am in a lot of pain in my hip buttocks back and leg.
iam  year old boy masturbate - times in a weak but blood comes out from my penis when urine comes out it hurts. wtd?
isn't it unsanitary to have chickens living inside the home with  children?
can mupirocin be used on toe fungus. my toe was is pain and i just thought i needed to cut them so i did and the pain went away. but not long i notice my toe nail is staring to turn white and it's not all of it it is on one little side so i want to catch it before it gets bad. could you please tell me how to get rid of it and does something like mupirocin nystatin or lotrmin help?
does my ecg look like i have ever had a heart attack?
i have diverticula. recently i have alot of bright red blood in first b. m. of morning. had polyp removed  months ago. i was diagnosed with diverticula in  and had a polyp removed that was hyperplastic. recently i am experiencing a lot of blood during my first bowel movement of the day. it is bright red in color and there isn't too much pain. any other b. m. 's later are fine no blood. this just started occurring within the last - days. what's going on?
can tonsil stones harm your teeth?
i have fibromyalgia and osteoarthritis i have extreme numbness and tingling in my wrists arms hands and fingers severe jaw and shoulder pain?
what is the treatment for osteoporosis?
i managed to get epididymitis after a fall whilst showering?
why am i getting a rash or blisters in the area between my testicles and anus?
can adults get rosella from their child? . our son had rosella as a infant now his son had it. our son also broke out with a high fever and rash on his abdomen. happened a few days after his sons. can a adult get rosella again?
my vagina is swollen have kind of wart bleeding but not in my period?
my son is  & he has been dignosed with athritis in his back. cld chiropractic adjust caused this from when he was ?
i am tired legs feel heavy and have disequilibrium doctors cant pinpoint problem?
do i have melanoma. how likely is it that this is melanoma?
what does it mean when a pregnant woman has a sack but no fetus is found inside during an ultrasound?
can my dad quit taking aricept  mg cold turkey? . since on this medication he has become more agitated irritable confused night wandering explosive sleep problems diarrhea and having extreme crying bouts. we need to get him off asap and gp won't get him in to evaluate instead prescribed a anti-psychotic medication without even seeing him. needless to say we fired him!
what are the following medical terms: foraminal stenosis bilateral facet arthropathy?
how many carbs should be in a snack. how many carbs should a snack have
i dont want to die – im taking prednisone  for  days and i am dehydrated?
i have fungal infection in my ear. is it mandatory to stay at the hospital overnight for a microsuction?
are fillers and botox safe to use during pregnancy?
i am  and was diagosed with gallstones what is the best treatment
what is a wart?
when can i switch my baby from a rear-facing to a forward-facing car seat?
i am on ciprofloxin for tx of  bact. in my bladder. i have been exposed to strep throat will this antibiotic clear it?
what can i use to treat a spider bite?
feeling hot frequently but no fever no body ache or any other symptoms. i am feeling hot at specific intervals during the day for the past  week but the temperature never crosses  deg. my skin heats up but temperature drops back to normal after  minutes. i tried paracetamol for  days but the symptoms continue. there are no other symptoms like general weakness body pain muscle pain sweating prolonged fever rashes swellings headaches or migraines. my food intake is normal. is this a symptom of tb or malaria or any other parasitic or bacterial infection?
ulcer what to do eat what not to do and eat? . i went to the doc  days ago she said it sounds like a ulcer! put me on prevacid for  days and it should heal well its been  and i still feel the stomach pain! i dont know what i should or should do eat or what not to eat and somthing that can help me heal this ulcer or ulcers asap i want my stomach back! im  and i reallt dont understand how i even got a ulcer to begin with
dry cut on labia majora? . i'm  and i do not shave down there. it was itchy one day but i scratched thinking nothing much. it wouldn't stop so i checked to see if there was maybe lice? i didn't see anything. from scratching too much/too hard i cut my labia majora? (where it was itchy) i clean well down there but it seems even a slight unintentional pull of the fold will re open it because my cut is still there. although now it's dry white and looks as if it's peeling. can someone possibly give me some insight?
i have irregular periods and i am trying to get pregnant?
are there any safe cough medications for a  year old with dry cough keeping him up at night
what should i do if i need to gain more weight during my pregnancy?
i think my urologist did a poor job with my circumcision?
what does a rash from poisonous plants look like?
chances of being pregnant after having unprotected sex within the - week of being on the depo shot? . i first started getting the depo shot august of last year. i received a shot on september . within the  and  week on that shot i had unprotected sex multiple times. then i received the shot on november . recently i have been very tired all of the time. i've been sleeping half of my day awake. yesterday i woke up with a sharp pain in my lower abdomen that went away after a few minutes but felt severe. i know there have been many women pregnant on the depo before.
since birth i dont recall having any sense of smell?
how does exercise affect my muscles?
have hormone imbalance is that the reason why i spot after having infrequent intercourse. should i take birth control. i have always had a hormone imbalance. had to take birth control to regulate my periods but currently not taking any. have gone to my doctor for a new subscription but as i do not have sex regularly when i do it is sometimes painful but i spot either right after or a few days later. condoms are used of course so im safe but am i going to bleed every time i have sex because im not on birth control?
behind my ear where the jaw bone is at is constantly itchy on both sides of my neck. . only by pressing under both my ears does it relieve the itchy ness. what could this be from?
what is the difference between novolog / and novolin / insulins>
what are the causes of the flu?
why am i always so exhausted? i'm . no matter how much sleep i get im always tired. i ware out easily doing the easiest things. i usually get about - hours of sleep sometimes i wake up and i won't be able to go back to sleep for  or so. but even if i don't wake up i'm always so tired. if i'm at college i'll come home and i'll be so tired my whole body aches. if i over do it and do a lot of exercise in a day i get really bad pains in my neck and back that will last a few days and go away. this has been happening for a year
what areas does osteoarthritis affect?
is baking soda safe to use as a laxative
having problems with major joint pain all over my body?
i found bumps on my labia is it hpv or vestibular papillomatosis?
i don't make earwax? am i dying?
can i get a yeast infection if my partner is on antibiotics expecially if i am allergic to the antibiotics he is taking? . vaginal yeast infection started within  hours of sexual intercourse with a partner who is on amoxicillin. i am allergic to penicillin.
what are bioidentical hormones for menopause?
im pregnant but i had sex yesterday and he came in me is that bad
my father has been diagnosed with brain tumor – requires surgery medication or other treatment?
can you offer some help? . i am  and my grandpa has a heart attack at age  and died of stroke at . he was a smoker and was overweight. now i am afraid every second that i may be having stroke. i always smile in the mirr on to see if my face is drooping. i always hold my hands together. every time i get numbness i am freaked out. and i check my speech out. this is very annoying. could you offer some reassurance. i am at a healthy weight and exercise.
my son had dtap polio chicken pox and mmr vaccines now can barely move?
how common is a false positive pregnancy test. my expected period was suppose to be sept  it never came so i took a test fives days later it came up positive could i really be pregnant?
what could happen if i leave rubbing alcohol on my finger? . i took some rubbing alcohol on a paper towel and wrapped my finger it in it expecting to just leave it a moment instead i fell asleep. when i woke up my hand felt tight so i assumed the alcohol had dried my skin out. it reminds me of what a brain would look like-image the prune fingers but it wont go away and the skin is hard. i was only asleep for  hours but i'm worried. what can i do to help i've put baby oil and lotions on my hand since i woke up but it doesn't seem to be helping much.
i had epilepsy seizures uti and erectile dysfunction lost my hopes with other doctors and herbalist?
im  year old female abused as a child terrified of men how do i make it all stop?
i am male had an outercourse sex. what are the chances of pregnancy? . i am male. woman played with my penis for  min. i had no erection i didn't feel or see any cum or precum. penis was dry and touched outer lips of vagina  - times. is it possible that a tiny amount of sperm remain on top of my penis and find its way to her vagina by fingering or washing etc and get her pregnant? . i am very worried please help.
can a tape worm live out of the body. i was curious if a tape worm can live out of the body. specifically under a rubber mat in a community shower area?
red bump on back side of penis. will not pop. if picked with a needle it will bleed a little but still there. i've had not had sex in  months. no sexual activity recently. what could it be? it is smooth and shiny and almost looks like a zit but not sure. please help.
ive been having severe headaches and my mouth feels very dry and bloated tummy?
had a stroke on the brain in  its  i cant get no more than  hours of sleep a day?
will going through an x-ray machine at the airport hurt my medications?
can i get too much exercise?
who should not exercise during pregnancy?
i have a middle ear infection doctor gave me a prescription for amoxicillin need second opinion?
what are some alternative therapies used to treat hot flashes?
i fainted hit my head vomited black now feel numbness?
how much sleep does my child need?
i have been having pain behind and above my right eye for  to  days now?
had nissen operation  year ago having vilant loose stools have tried eating fiber diets metamusil probiotics whats up? . surgeon is doing halo procedures to correct barretts esophagus which was found after nissen procedure after long heartburn issues! everytime i eat i have loose vilant stools. when i eat i need to take metamusil to function. also cramping and burning occur and i have have minutes if not seconds to find bathroom! what do you suggest?
can acupuncture and acupressure help you sleep?
how do i stop the spread of lice?
are hydroxyzine and diphenhydramine related?
can a girl get pregnant if she had her period several hours after sex? . a girl and i had oral sex two days ago and i ejaculated in her mouth but some of it got on her hand. she had plenty of saliva on her hand and little semen on her fingers. i can't remember whether or not she licked the semen off after but she did put her finger inside her vagina around two minutes after i ejaculated. this happened during her period but it stopped momentarily while we were having oral sex. she got her period for five hours a few hours after we did and the next day.
<link> nitric storm reviews for this isoleucine supplements possess a probable purpose for being antidiabetic or maybe used on carbo refeeds. it is generally put into practice upwards by means of scientific tests showing that will nsaids (the other selection regarding reducing. <link>
finger is turning purple/red and tip and nail is turning green
is there anything in the law that will help patients with chronic conditions better afford their medications?
we have been trying to have sex everytime i insert into her vagina she says it hurts alot to the point we cant have sex. -have had sex before with less problems. . -finger insertion slowly will work. . -when she wants to move on to full insertion she tries by being on top and controlling cant get past  inches without saying it hurts too much.
i find myself eating from boredom a lot even if i'm not hungry. how can i make myself stop eating mindlessly?
i have been dealing with severe fatigue muscle tension burning under the skin for  + months now?
im having lower back pains and im having pains in my pelvic area and i am leaking urine for no reason. . i have to use the restroom about every hour. i feel sick every time i wake up. i have no idea whats going on. i have never had a kid before. i dont know what kind of doctor i need to see!
can excessive masturbation cause loss of energy and depression?
im having loose stools atleast - times a day in large amounts and having some loose when wiping after urination help? . hx of normal daily bm without issue but the past few wks having loose messy stools - x daily and frequently needing to clean myself for occassional spotting. i am feeling worn out high anxiety churning stomach and some brain fog. help! not sure what is up.  yof goiter since  but otherwise healthy--wt .
does vitamin c impact the bodies ability to fight the common cold
can smoking cause swollen ankles
what surgery options do i have for gallstones?
hello. i am an  year old cheerleader. i haven't seen my period since late october last year. any advice? . hello. i am an  year old cheerleader. i haven't seen my period since late october last year. since then i had protected sex once. the condom didnt burst or anything and i took two pregnancy tests that came out negative. also since october i had two serious falls on my back due to cheerleading and a chest infection. i was given two different sets of medication for these incidents. i'm a bit worried as to why my period is so late. any advice?
can you drink milk with fish?
why am i cold in room at  no fever adequately dressed there is no noticeable air movement i feel healthy just chilly.
how much sleep do i really need for my bodys metabolism to work most efficiently?
can orange juice cause miscarriage. a friend told me that she was pregnant but she miscarried after a month because she drank copious amounts of orange juice every day. i never heard of this before and find it hard to believe. i try not to follow or believe those mommy blogs because a lot are full of false information. can this actually be true?
can herpes simplex be cured?
is fainting during mammogram a common occurance?
is it ok to put clorox on a ring worm? my mother used it on me as a child and so did my husband's mother.
what causes hiv/aids?
my boyfriend fingered me hard about a week ago and i haven't stopped bleeding. i'm in no pain or discomfort what do i do. i never bleed during sex i only bleed sometimes after getting fingered because he is a little rough but the bleeding usually only lasts no longer than two days. it's been about a week now and i am still bleeding. i'm in no pain and i am not experiencing any kind of discomfort but i am really starting to worry. please help.
what is a renal ultrasound? . a renal ultrasound is a video taken of the kidneys using ultrasonic waves. a probe placed against the skin reflects high-energy sound waves off the kidneys and a computer converts the information into images on a screen.
should i take prevacid in the night for gerd?
when should i start gaining weight during pregnancy?
is an over-the-counter cold medicine safe to take while you are taking medicine for high blood pressure and low thyroid?
trouble keeping it up (condoms). i'm a  year old male and i have trouble keeping it up when it's time to make love. during foreplay i'm rock hard but when i start to get the condom out of the drawer unwrapping it and putting it on i go soft. i put the condom on and i slowly lose my erection. eventually i'm able to get him back up but by then the mood is killed. how can i fix this? how do i maintain my erection during that break of getting the condom and putting it on?
my archiles tendon have been sore since i stared using a treadmill about  months ago. i have been using a treadmill for about  months. i walk from  to  minutes and vary the incline and speed. after that i do a little weight lifting. i do this  or  times a week. my archiles tendons have been sore since the beginning and recently my hips are also getting sore. i wear good new balance tennis shoes and i stretch for  minutes before i begin exercising. i have been exercising most of my life. but i am now  years old and have put on some weight.
what is indicated when you have a high systolic number but a normal distolic number?
can zegerid librax and protonix interact and cause vomiting and diarrhea?
is there a cure for reocurring yeast/bacterial vaginosis that began after taking multiple doses of azithromycin? . i used azithromycin  times within  months for treatment of bronchitis. after those doses i had a yeast infection/bacterial vaginosis once or twice every month. i have seen a doctor and was prescribed flagyl and just finished that dosage. why and how can it be fixed to cease them and was it a direct reaction from the azithromycin that started this?
i have health insurance paid by my employer. . my husband was laid off in july but his severance package covers him until the end of november. if i add him to mine or we take cobra is it going to cost a ton? can he enroll as an individual or do we have to add to mine or take cobra?
i started having pain and burning while urinating a week back?
how long should i wait to get pregnant after chemotherapy?
i was shaking and dripping with sweat feeling like my insides was going to come out?
what should i know before i start taking ibuprofen m?
what do i do if my blood sugar is  and i have congestive heart failure and never noticed sugar problems before? . my friend checked my sugar and it was  and  mins later it was  and i have been very thristy and sleepy. i have not noticed a problem with my bllod sugar before. i have had this problem with my levels being no less than  as my blood sugar and today is the third day since i have been checking it! please respond back asap!
my wife weighs  she only eats about  calories a day and excercises. why can't she lose weight? . . my wife is   tall weighs  and is a size - in pants sizes. she only eats about  calories a day and exercises about + minutes a day burning - calories. she has been doing this for about  months and hasn't lost any weight. she has been diagnosed with ibs. she also has be test for hypothyroids and was negative. . .
does missing a birth control pill cause stomach issues for months? . ever since i threw up a pill and forgot to take one to make up for it i have had stomach problems on and off for a month an a half. problems include diarrhea stomach cramps feeling of uncomplete bm straining/feeling the need to push even when there is nothing left.
do apples contain caffeine? . i've heard recently that apples contain caffeine. is this true?
what are the behavioral and psychosocial aspects of generalized anxiety disorder?
i have had a strange itch on my clitoris for a few weeks now. what may be causing this? . my vagina doesn't itch at all but it is dry and has a sour smell every now and then. the itch comes and goes throughout the day and is more annoying than anything else. i use a feminine wash and a feminine deodorant spray. i have tried to alter things by taking them away one by one and then adding them back to see if they were causing the problem but no luck. strangely enough when i went on vacation to the beach for a week the itch went away but returned once i came back home.
how will my doctor determine the best treatment for my prostate cancer?
is there a generic drug for erectile dysfunction?
i heard that hydrogen peroxide is good for your teeth. is this true and how do you use it?
how can i avoid getting herpes while i am pregnant?
"my father recently died and my mother was in the er and wrote ""bad ortopzp"" in her notes; any idea what this means?"
how do u get a  year old with thrush to eat n drink to avoid dehydration? . my two year old and i are traveling and she has been diagnosed with thrush/strep. she is medication but still rarely drinks fluids o eats. what do u suggest to help her to avoid dehydration?
my  yr old daughter has a small flap of skin on her anus. i have noticed she is not wiping well and i have helped her with that ( she is very independent so she has to wipe herself) but now she has a bit of diaper rash. so i was putting ointment on it i noticed she has a small flap of skin on her anal hole i gently touched it with the q-tip to see if it bothered her and she said no it didnt hurt. should i be worried i mean it dont look bad it was a little red but i think thats from her rash
im a  year old rwandan girl with asthma and thyroid condition getting worse?
i developed severe tendinitis in my neck i had a bump the size of two tennis balls on my head?
my cousin has severe anemia fever- doctors cant do anything for him?
what are the diseases caused by agent orange? . i am a vietnam combat veteran who had heavy exposure to agent orange.
could tight jeans cause a boil to appear in the upper inner thigh?
i took emkit (emergency contraceptive pill) levonorgestrel .   hours after unprotected sex. how effective is pill. i took emkit (emergency contraceptive pill) levonorgestrel .   hours after unprotected sex however i took  tablet after  hours and i was supposed to take the  dose  hours later. will it still be effective? or is there a chance i could be pregnant? i took a pregnancy test it was negative. i had some bleeding (not sure if this was my period) it was very light bleeding for  days same time my normal period comes. my cycle is  days. i last had my period on // and //
tight chest its hard to breath and catch my breath coughing for weeks now with phlegm inthroat that i'm not coughing up?
does the flu cause enlarged tonsils? . my sons tonsils are very enlarged and have white spots on them he hasn't eaten much because it hurts to swallow is this normal for the flu?
what could cause year round severely chapped lips and fungal skin infections? . continual use of lip all kinds of treatment does not show improvement plus continually plagued w/fungal infections of the skin. rashes on leg nose etc.
i will get a $ subsidy for a medigap or advantage policy each year from my employer until my death. . the number is cut to less than two-thirds ($) from now on to insure my wife after my death. should we self insure?
how is schizophrenia diagnosed?
my husband is  and has facial paralysis may be developing synkinesis what can be done next?
is it possible to suffer from more than one anxiety disorder at once?
any tips on finding healthier snacks that are going to keep me full?
why would triglyceride levels be very high when ldl and hdl levels are normal?
ive been ill for two years lyme disease neck weakness and arm shaking is my condition treatable?
can a regular doctor inject fillers or do i need to see a plastic surgeon or dermatologist?
i have a cyst inside my left kidney will i have to have surgery?
what are likely causes of a temporarily reduced urine flow rate?
can i take imodium ad while pregnant?
why does my nose run all the time? . its not all the time but it feels like its always running. i have noticed that im always sniffling or blowing my nosse.
heavy weight feeling on chest. i am  yr old female. i have been having this feeling of like a weight feeling on my chest along with what kinda feels like a tension headache. my face also feels like it is on fire and burning sometimes. could this be anxiety?
how effective is the tdap booster shot?
can fasting help prolong your lifespan?
ive seen various doctors since november  in regard to a severe ear infection?
our fertility doctor suggests an ultrasound abdominal vessels procedure need second doctor opinion?
can a woman get an std from performing oral sex on a man? . a horrible drunken moment led to me (a woman) to giving oral sex on a man i barely know. the next day my lips felt burnt. within  hours little tiny bumps showed up and my lips began to peal like a sunburn. within  hours my upper lip is swollen painful and looks like i burned it in multiple places. the entire bottom half of my face feels irritated and a little tingly. . i know i was stupid but please help me calm my mind from this horrible mistake in judgment. thank you
i have been getting really sever rib pains on both side and front and back?
what is the initial standard treatment for psoriatic arthritis?
for the past  days i have had an intense pain in a specific spot- on the inside right below my right eyebrow?
medication has helped my anxiety and depression. why do i occasionally have anxiety symptoms nausea and muscle aches?
what is pregnancy planning and why is it important?
can lithium cause my hair to fall out?
how can i stop stress from building up?
what are allergy shots?
how can i go back to sleep after a hot flash?
<link> flawless elite cream reviews healthy chemical substances inside the strongest wrinkle lotion provides you with the antioxidants required for reversing the affects regarding totally free radical injury. the best quality male natural skin care products are now which includes this kind of compound since it allows alleviate the redness and infection that many men encounter every so often. not merely does this kind of compound. <link>
how much alcohol is safe during pregnancy?
can i transmit genital warts seventeen years after having them removed?
i have anorexia nervosa binge purge subtype having sharp pains in my left collarbone region and upper left rib cage?
i had unprotect sex in dec  . my period come on jan  to  . i want to know if i am pregnant?
what medicines can you take while pregnant? my pregnant wife mainly takes tylenol pm and has avoided it 'til we know. we need to know if she can take stuff like tylenol pm robitusin aspirin excedrine advil and basically any over the counter stuff for colds mucus headaches and body pain.
i have been experiencing sharp lancing pain behind my right ear in the mastoid area?
i was found unconscious at work. black eye broken maxilla concussion no bruising anywhere
im a  year old woman with very swollen stomach has been like this for  months?
had flu shot in . have a + body aches and tired. is this the flu even if i had flu shot?
i had my period jan  and its march  and i still havent gotton my period. could i be pregnant?
can i buy tetracycline over the counter. is there an equal to tetracycline that i can buy over the counter
how can one increase probability of getting twins?
should i get the shingles vaccine if i've already had shingles?
my father has wounds on both of his ankles. its been more than  years?
how are sex and sleep related to diabetes?
i've been diagnosed to indoor allergens yet i'm not allergic to anything. how is this possible? did i misdianose myself? . i've been having a small headache and my nose has been runny and acting up. i've been sneezing a lot getting a fever as well as experiencing nasal congestion. i thought it be a cold because my sister had one earlier and it's been spreading recently but when i was diagnosing myself through this website the top answer was indoor allergens. but i have never been allergic to anything. and i barely believe i will just suddenly develop an allergy at the age of .
does lice interact with any other medications?
how many bipolar disorders are there. because i'm studying on did which is one of them but i heard there was more?
i suffer from daily headaches that vary in pain i have had no previous traumatic head or brain injury?
i wish to get pregnant but i am in contact with a person with cytomegalovirus (cmv) infection?
friday i was at  hcg on monday i was . but my ultra sound showed no sac forming only thick linging. okay my blood levels came in on friday i was at  on monday i was . but my ultra sound showed no sac forming only thick linging. now i have sharp pains in my stomach and my left side. i also feel like im going to throw up i woke up sweating and have been hot and dizzy for a few days is this normal cause i never had implantion bleeding and i don't feel pregnant i just feel pain? the dr said i could have epotic pregnancy but i just need to know should i go to the er if my pain get worst.
im  and ive been period free for - years. i fear becoming pregnant. is this possible in menopause?
large hard mass in the back of my neck is it a sign of lymphoma
im  i could produce sperm but now it woun't come out im scarred could it get answered quickly please im  yrs old btw. what happening
can you use ear wax removal when you have an ear infection
will marijuana in system stop surgery. i haven't smoked marijuana in about two months but it is still in my system. i am scheduled for spinal surgery in ten days. i did a urine sample as part of pre-op and wonder if it would stop my surgery if found in my system?
my  year old daughter has her molars coming through. she is in a lot of pain. what should i give her?
is there any harm in using ovasafe and duphaston if i plan to delay pregnancy?
"dr. house is needed! severe fatigue polycythemia sleep apnea brain fog low t life in ruins. help? . male  '""  lbs.  yrs ago overnight massive fatigue brain fog body aches low fever high bp resting pulse: . all new. no depression/anxiety. no traumatic life events around this time. lab: high hemoglobin + hematocrit polycythemia. sleep apnea. low t. throid fine. jak- + negative. good ekg. phlebotomies monthly. meds: b- + d (low levels) + vyvanse amlodopine. low t (). light/sound sensitive. can't work coach teach do yoga volunteer etc. like before. cfs + lyme? help?"
are part b medicare premiums automatically adjusted when income decreases
i need to be on a low potassium and low protein diet. i would like to know what food am i allowed to eat? . i have celiac disease and chronic kidney disease
what is antiemetic
is it normal for your heart to race after a nap? . whenever i take a nap no matter how long it is i always wake up with a pounding heart and feeling very sick. is this normal at all?
what are the symptoms of an adult brain tumor?
hi i have a  year old son that has a lump in his armpit could this be lymphoma?
why is it important to screen patients with gerd to diagnose barrett's esophagus?
i recently applied for medicaid. should i continue to complete that process or go ahead and sign up in the marketplace? . i'm out of work and have no income.
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of armour thyroid?
my wife kept taking primolut-n even after pregnancy is there a problem?
i'm a  year old male and i've had warts down there for as long as i can reemmber waht do i do? . i have had lumps at the top of foreskin all i can remember they have never been painful or irritant. as i'm now  i'm going to parties with girls and such and i feel embarrassed about the issue. i also would feel very embarrassed going to my parents with such an issue and i am wondering if there is a method of getting rid of them relatively complication free at home. again i live in a village in the middle of no where getting resources is hard.
crooked stiff neck and slight neck pain?
what weight loss pill can you take if you are on tysabri for ms
can lymph nodes become infected?
i'm trying to get pregnant from last  months. i dont have right felopian tube does it affect to get pregnant? wt do i do?
just had  root canals at the dentist now i have lots of pain?
what increases the risk of getting gallstones?
"when is a ""muffin top "" extra belly fat dangerous?"
i have hair loss and more and more my eyes are getting yellow weight gain and just generally feel sluggish. . i've had blood work done and nothing was found.
when should i call the doctor if i have or think i might have pneumonia?
i am considering semi- or permanent eyeliner. how will this affect my skin and eyelid tissues?
can i be pregnant? . period normally lasts  days this time only lasted  days.  days later i go to wipe and pinkish tint is on toilet paper this lasted for a couple of hours when i would wipe after urinating and had slight cramps. is this implantation bleeding? if so when did i conceive and when is the earliest i can take a home pregnancy test? i took one this afternoon and it said negative. can it be to early to detect?
i take bupropion and i want to take nyquil for my cold. is that safe?
do boys with measles become sterile?
how long does the flu last?
i have joint pain lightheaded feeling headaches neck pain teeth grinding severe social anxiety?
does my mri finding suggest ms? is a lp or second episode/mri still needed for diagnosis?
my mother has fibroid gynecologist suggested removal of vagina need second opinion?
i accidentally took two birth control pills on the same day what do i do now that i'll be one pill short on this pack? . i never missed a pill i just took two by accident. i still have  weeks left in the pack so should i continue taking it as usual? it's minestrin  fe. should i just begin my new pack a day early? or skip the last pill in the pack and start when i normally would. also am i still fully protected from pregnancy? i'm assuming so since i just doubled up on hormones for a day.
a guy from years ago tells me he got chlamidia from me but my husband did not could i carry it for  years and not know
how is low blood pressure treated?
"an elderly relative is taking ambien cr and has ""sleepwalking"" episodes and hallucinations. are there other options?"
we had sex i came pulled out after condom was still inside so pulled it out too. got plan b. chance of pregnancy? . so just to elaborate we had sex (used a condom) as i said. after i came i pulled out and noticed that the condom was still inside so i reached in and pulled it out. afterwards we went and got plan b and she took it within - hours at most. what is the chance of pregnancy in this situation? thank you.
how to increase brain power? . drinking water is essential if you wish to stop being fat. being properly hydrated maintains feeling of well-being that allow for you to definitely stay inspired. drinking water consistently will mean would not brain booster pills become thirsty. this is dangerous as thirst can be mistaken as a rule as craving. replacing soft drinks with water will reduce the quantity you consume dramatically. mental health professionals :>>> <link>
"cough and cold only during nightime in winters. is this a known medical condition? . my friend female aged  has this weird condition where she gets cough and cold only in the nightime in winters but she stays fine during summers. whenever temperature drops her condition gets worse. she has visited atleast a dozen general physicians. some of them have told her that she is allergic to cold weather. she has tried all sorts of cold and cough medications as prescribed by the doctors but nothing ever helped. so i'm just curious if this ""allergy from cold weather"" is real or not?"
i have slightly blurred vision numbness in hands and legs?
i have pain on my right wrist which started after doing heavy () lateral pulls at the gym. should i be worried? . dear doctors . the pain originated from a collision i had while snowboarding  year ago. i was hit at high speed by another snowboarder on the right wrist (on the right side). since then everytime i lift or push heavy objects get some pain (like sharp pins at the same place) but doesnt last for more than  or  days. two days ago i did lateral pulls at the gym (about ) and now feel pain again (much more pain than usual). should i check it out? can this be serious like a torn ligament? . thx. jonny
is there any evidence that taking cinnamon supplements and honey have a positive effect on high cholesterol levels?
can you lose weight and have diarrhea while having an ovarian cyst? . my mom went to the er last night with sharp pains in her lower abdomen. they did urine and blood test which came back normal. they also did a ct scan and found a cyst on one of her ovaries. she also sometimes gets to where her hands shake from nervesand her legs hurt at night. over the past year she has lost lots of weight and drinks lots of soft drinks which makes the diarrhea worse and sometimes loses her appetite. it comes and goes. she again also sometimes suffers with yellowish lose stool.
 days continuous vomiting tests all okcan it be gastroparesis?
is there a reason or codition for why i never feel full when i eat? even a huge meal i'm never full. i am overweight. my friend told me that there is a condition where someone may never feel full. i'm overweight but i'm not a compulsive eater like i don't eat a lot and i tried losing weight. but when i tried i couldn't not eat a huge meal because my body wouldn't let me stop eating. i had to force myself. i also eat emotionally. is there a condition for that? it would be nice to know i'm not just crazy.
can low-impact exercises help with flexibility and stress in someone with fibromyalgia?
my son had his aortic valve replaced with a mechanical one last year. his l - disk just went out yesterday?
what should determine whether i leave my current retirement plan for one the company offers through the exchange? . if i leave the company plan i am not able to return to it nor will the company offer the exchange at a later date.
is there a prescription that will remove wrinkles and age spots?
heartburn and mild burping (only symptoms) for a week non stop ive tryed zantac  gasx alka seltzer nothing has worked. male 
no effect of work-out / diet on weight. getting de-motivated. need help. i am  years indian female trying to reduce weight. i am  cm tall and weigh .  kilo. i do following exercise regularly. - sun salutations -  . - brisk walking -  km in  hour. my food:. bf - oat +  egg white. ln - / cup rice and lentils or vegetable. snk - protein shake. dn - steamed vegetable + soybeans or egg whites. i am doing this since last - months but not able to see change in my weight. i am demotivated. am i doing something wrong? . what improvements should i do in my work-out/diet?
i have strong stomach aches get constipated sweaty and even feel like passing out?
im a pilot suffering from a weird left ear pressure?
what if i become unable to make decisions about my health care?
a few months ago i started to noticed that my eyes was starting to get puffy?
hi please help. i had unprotected sex with a lady i met on an online dating site. hi please help. i had unprotected sex with a lady i met on an online dating site. afterwards we lost contact and some few months later she called to tell me that she went for a blood test and it came out to be hiv positive. does that mean that i also have this sickness? please kindly help me.
i collapsed and had a back spasm i have terrible pain in back and spine?
my grandmother is  years of age/ had hip pinning it was pinned to high she is experiencing a lot of pain. she has controlled diabetes and high blood pressure she is unable to lie down for any length of time with this her sleep pattern is poor and this is possibly affecting her blood pressure. appreciate any answers or suggestions. . laila
rubbed semen outside vagina can i get pregnant? . hello . i had sexual intercourse and he came on my thigh. however i unknowingly rubbed my vagina with his cum on my fingers. what are the chances of me getting pregnant? i don't know if this has any relevancy but i believe i did this about  seconds after he came on my thigh. i also went to rinse myself off shortly after.
diagnosed with abnormal liver function and gallbladder disease what should i do next?
i'm  week late on my prd. i had a negative blood test. is it possible to still be pregnant and get a false negative.
hi i am  is it normal to have heart rate at  while doing biking exercise in gym? it was my  time. my trainer really scared me today when she started to take my test while biking. for the   minutes i my heart rate was around  and i had an target of  which i did achieve but soon i was getting tired and my heart rate gradually dropped to . my trainer said that it is not normal and that she has never seen anything like that. . does that mean i might have heart problems soon. . i am always very healthy just haven't been doing any exercise for  years. please could you help me.
is pork classified as a red meat or a white meat?
i have acne on the sides of my legs and on my labia. doctors say it is from sweating. please help! it is embarrassing.
"ive been trying to loose wgt for mths with no results. i exer. have made my eat habit healthier. why cant i loose weight. i had my thyroid checked i changed my eating habits ive started exercising and i have not lost a pound. why? i am getting very depressed and somedays i feel that i'd rather be dead then fat. im  and extremely sad over my weight. i have never been this weight other then when i was preg. my normal weight is around  im '"" i have gotten to  and i hate it. help please."
i had a minor surgical wound open today. can i use super glue after closing it with a butterfly bandaid in the middle? . it is in a bad location. the coccyx above the anus and sitting on the toilet caused it to open at the bottom.
i have  children i'm in my first trimester of baby# i'm irratible all the time i snap on people and not mean to why? . i had my first child in  i had my second child in  i was great when i as pregnant with them and after i had them and i'm pregnant again in my first trimester well for the last  days i have been feeling irritable i snap on people and don't mean to and i don't know why i been emotional and in a really bad mood with everybody and i'm bipolar i want to know why this is happening i can't spend the time i want to with my other kids because i'm afraid that i'm gonna snap on them why?
are metal braces a better option than invisalign? which braces are cheaper?
i frequently have ejaculate discharge from flaccid penis following bowl movement. not involved with arrousal whole wipe. this is not associate with any arousal. notice the leakage of seminal fluid while wiping following a bowl movement. the penis is flaccid and does not change. there is no pain associated with this at all nor ejaculation related feeling. when moving this will result in a small amount of fluid and may happen several times.
what is -negative arthritis?
my daughter has genital herpes and they are painful. how can she treat the pain? . she has the sores and when she urinates it is painful and when she sits or lays on her stomach. and she also states that her underwear sticks to the sores and it is like pealing off tape. she was also diagnosed with pid and chlamydia on top of the herpes. i really don't like seeing her in pain. i feel helpless at this point. she is under doctor treatment. please advise me.
can this medication ciprofloxacn  tab be used for sore thoat and chest pain?
is it normal for a  year old boy to still be soiling his pants? he is fine with peeing during the day and overnight.
can vagisil treat vaginal warts and yeasts?
im waking up with spots and rashes all over my stomach and back?
sprained my ankle  months ago. bone chip and  fibular fractures. it still hurts on outside of my arch. why? .  months ago i rolled my ankle. i severely sprained it and had two small fractures and a bone chip on the fibular bone. i was in a boot for  weeks and then an air cast. my foot still hurts especially on the outside edge of the arch. it also hurts on the top of my foot when i lace up my shoes. i am finding myself limping yet? what else could be wrong with my foot and what to do about it?
can i treat candidiasis with amoxicillian? . i have a smelly white discharge extreme itching. i used otc miconozole crème but it didn't go away. can i self medicate with amoxicillin? i have no medical insurance.
can quiting smoking cause joint pain. i recently quit smoking and since i have quit i noticed that i am having leg pain and pain in my joints such as my ankles elbows fingers. could this be related to my quitting?
how long after your exposed to a cold do you get sick. i was taking care of a  year old who was coughing and had a runny nose. he coughed in my face and after i washed my face and hands i'm worried about getting sick. i have copd and whenever i get a cold i end up on oxygen and gasping for each breath. how long after i'm exposed will i come down with a cold?
should i hold my toothbrush like a pencil
im sick like what seems to be a cold. and it hurts to pee. temp is .  peeing also hurts
i had a lot abdominal pain and the blood test results for my liver were at ?
bad migraine for  days now been to er doc said he wasn't worried about it being anything serious. still worried. help? . slightly relieved by tylenol but then returns feel constantly tired and stressed out. worried about what's going on i just need some advice on what i should do.
i havent had a period for  months?
what could cause a person (tubefeeder) to have nausea after feeding? . my mom had a mini stroke it affected her swallowing and caused her to have to get a feeding tube inserted. she's been working with therapy to gain her swallowing reflex back she had an swallowing test done on xray it showed her substance not only going to her stomach but splashing into her lungs. she has to have the tube longer. lately she's been getting very nauseated after the feedings and had to go the the er her  sat was checked it was low enough to get admitted. what is going on!
period brings diarrhea pain nausea and sweating during first few days. i am in my mid-'s and have had three children. for the past few years i have at least one day in the early days of my period where i have diarrhea nausea sweating panic and pain. it comes in waves starting with an urge to go to the bathroom then all hits at once once i pass bm it goes away. once an hour for -. my doctors tell me i likely have endo though i have not had the lap and i do have resolving cysts. no bc as i have bad reactions. i'm looking for causes and solutions.
i have fracture in  metatarsal bone in my right foot. do i need to go for surgery?
can panic attacks cause hallucinations? . i'm a  year old girl and i've always had anxiety but never any panic attacks. last night however i was sitting alone in my sunroom when a large shadow seemed to begin growing before my eyes. it kept growing and i got so terrified. i have never been that scared before. it was true fear in the pit of my stomach. my body was trembling and i could barely move. my heart was racing and i was sweating. i eventually calmed myself by singing. once i was calm i felt very very tired. what was this?
when should i call my doctor about psoriatic arthritis?
i have scabies will my family get them?
my son has red dots arund mouth chapped and cracked lips at the corners. what could cause this what should i do for him
i want to know if adding olive oil to my diet could help lower my cholesterol.
does this mean i'm pregnant? help please! . hey i had my period at march  (i had a regular cycle of  day). on  i had sex without vaginal penetration (anal and genitals rubbing naked) on  i found one small dot of red blood mixed with eggwithe like discharges and i have cramps in my left ovary this is the first time i find any blood outside of my period. does this mean that i'm pregnant?
i have pain in the eyes and severe headache. what could it be?
i was exposed to mouse droppings two days ago now i'm achy coughing and sneezing nonstop. is it hantavirus? . i had a mild cold coming on a few days ago nasal congestion then was exposed to mouse droppings on blankets at our mountain cabin. i don't know if its in my head if the symptoms are from the cold i had earlier or if i might have contracted hantavirus. i'm sneezing non-stop runny nose coughing tight lungs my abdomen hurts when i cough or sneeze and i'm achy all over in general. should i keep resting drinking water and pounding emergen-c or should i see a doctor?
if you have hpv warts on your throat can you pass the hpv virus through french kissing? . does my kissing partner have to come into direct contact to contract hpv? if the warts are in the back of the mouth or throat would she get hpv through kissing or oral sex (cunnilingus)?
how are coxsackie virus infections diagnosed?
stomach after hernia operation in april quadrupled in size. i am . i look very pregnant.
yesterday morning i woke in excruciating pain in my left thigh now cannot move my leg at all?
can multiple kicks/punches to my balls over the years make me infertile? . when i was in highschool i was punched in the nuts about a dozen times (- probably) and i'm wondering if that could have made me infertile even though it never was enough to send me to hospital or cause me to pee blood swell up shatter my testicles etc but it would hurt a lot for a while then still hurt a bit for like a week. no guesses please and thanks.
i acquired methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus (mrsa) while in hospital?
my  year old has had a fever for  days and now her fever is up to .  should i go to a doctor? . she hasnt had much for symptoms. maybe a little upset tummy the first day and a little headache now. it seemed that her fever was going down last night but i took it again this morning and its up a lot. before the highest temp was . . im just worried about her and wondering if making an appointment with a doctorwould help. thanks!
my  yr old has had a fever on and off the last  weeks why does it keep coming back? . he had a fever - days then it went away and about a week and a half later it came back and hes had it off and on for  days now. i have been giving him medicine and it temporarily breaks the fever but then it comes back. he has a dr appt tomorrow. but what could be the cause for the reoccuring fever?
i am anxious about my recent mri – anything alarming or am i just a worry wart?
wheat bran and pregnancy. i wanna to know precautions of taking wheat bran for pregnant women. and if it reduce absorption of calcium and if it does as a result it is unsafe for pregnant
i hurt my shoulder doctor put me on arm sling now doctor says fractured humuras?
i have suffered from severe headaches and migraines for years?
if i ejaculated earlier in the day and then peed twice is there any semen in the precum?
can warts on hands spread to genitals
right pelvic pain during bowel movement and strain. hello! my problem started in january . the problem as described in the title is that during bowel movement cough or any strain i get dull pain in right pelvic region and a little below that. the pain goes away as soon as the strain stops. due to this i have problem during bowel movement. the pain comes and goes on its own. there is no rash no lump of any sorts. urine and bowel is normal. everything else seems to be normal except for this pain.
what is the strongest over the counter medicine for arthiritis? . prescription medicine to treat arthritis has side effects that prevent me from using it such as reduced urination. i am hoping i can find an otc medicine to treat arthritis that won't have as severe side effects.
what test should i do to know the reason for tingling sensation?
does pain in flank area indicate bladder infection. taking ciprofloxacin but pain has been in same area since january.
i have chronic lumbar back pain would surgery make me regain a healthy life?
i had a spontaneous pneumothorax and i ended up getting a chest tube on the left lung?
is regular iced tea considered one of the clear liquids that may be consumed on the day before a routine colonoscopy?
i started having a burning uncomfortable pain in my right flank area?
what is high blood pressure?
can you get pregnant naturally at the age of  years old?
i can't hear much out of my left ear after going to deep with q-tip doesn't hurt though. any suggestions to hear again. i heard a popping cracking noise before and i decided to clean my ear out. the next day it felt like swimmer's ear sort of fluid in there so i cleaned again and it felt like i went in too deep. to make clear i have no pain i just cannot hear fully out of my left ear. i have tried the ear-wax softener three times and have had no luck.
i have an ankle severe ankle sprain unable to walk on it it is red swollen and hot to the touch very painfull why?
well i got nail polish remover in my eye it burned slightly for a few seconds and will it effect my vision? . it burned slightly and for few seconds only after that it turned ok but scared that it my effect my vision
i have morning sickness & threw up this morning and popped some kind of vessel (not blood) in my eye near my tear duct. it looks like an additional bump near my tear duct in the pink tissue of my inner eye. there slight redness in inner eye.
i'm a  years old male. when i do(defecation) as i get it out i see four drops comes out of my penis looks like semen. hi there . i'm very worried about my sex organ. i'm a  years old male. when i do the second thing in the bathroom ((defecation)) when i get it out i see three or four drops comes out of my penis looks like semen and feels also like semen. can you please explane what is happening? i had this problem long ago but i thought it was gone but i found out its still there!
what if your child misses a vaccine shot?
my  month old caught the common cold from his older sister. what will the doctors do or give him if i take him to the hospital; being that he is so young?
i am a  year old female who is considering going back on psychiatric medication?
can bad blood circulation cause small penis girth (for an adult)? . to be more specific: i am  years old quite overweight/obese and am slightly below avg in girth. since being overweight/obese can cause a myriad of health issues regarding bad blood flow/circulation could this cause a lack of blood in the penis leading to a smaller girth? would losing weight and improving blood flow increase girth? would the gains be noticeable?
what is the difference between nephrolithiasis and soft tissue calcification?
what are the different surgical options for treatment of arthritis of the hand and wrist?
i have a dark spot by my wisdom teeth on my gum that does not hurt what is it
how long can you be infected with chlamydia. is it possible that my boyfriend had chlamydia for a awhile and i didn't get infected right away? he cheated on me in january and i had my yearly exam at the end of march is it possible i didn't get infected right away or that it didn't show up when i had my yearly exam?
do i have a learning disorder or do i have ocd? . i have problems paying attention when someone is speaking i focus on repeating there words in my head so i don't really hear what they are saying. when i try to focus on listening or really hearing them it gets worse. so what i'm finding out or realizing is that i tune things or people out not really listening so i don't repeat things in my head. all these years i just thought i had a learning disorder but starting to realize why i have difculties remembering things or learning things
will brushing my teeth with baking soda and sea salt increase my sodium intake? . i'm on a low sodium diet.
i am taking ativan  and parocin .  for anxiety/depression. my testosterone is . no sex drive. doc gave testofil. i have been takin parocin from  but my sex drive was normal. i started taking ativan  at  and sensed a immediate drop in sex drive and had erection problems. if i stop ativan will my libido and testosterone level be back to normal. if i take testosterone boosters like testofil will i loose hair. i was also given viagra . if i father a child will the child have birth defects. thnx in advance
i am very happy with my health insurance plan. . i have the geha - government employee health association and i really don't want to sign up for this obamacare. will i still be able to keep mine?
since late last year l have been complaining about my loss of appetite and consequently loss of weight?
viral bronchitis / viral upper respitory infection. what should i do for the bronchitis/uri that is viral not bacterial? is there anything i can take?
i am  months pregnant and my feet are swollen and was wondering if it is safe to put epsom salt in my bath to soak in?
will you be able to get frost bite exposing your hands for  minutes in  degrees. a friend of mine said that she was driving a person home who did not want the defroster on in the car so in order to have the window defrosted she had to put the windows down for less than  minutes. the temperature outside was  degrees so is it possible for this person to get frost bite?
have lower back pain off and on sometimes testicals hurt bad also. what could this be? . since june my son has been having back pain off and on when standing a lot and it worries me because half the time my testicals hurt really bad. don't no if i should be worried is this something i should get looked at? what could cause this?
i try to stop pariet  after  years use and substitute it with zantac  mg but pain returns below left rib cage. . i try to stop using parient because i am suffering from osteoporosis and vitamin d defficiency. i am also a fibromyalgia patient. is there any alternative to help my problem
can you get a cold sore from drinking soda?
experiencing right sided facial palsy for the  time in  months?
is it save to drink sinuclear while  weeks and  days pregnant?
can osteoarthritis in back cause pain in my lft gluteal muscle into hip joint down frnt thigh and not be able to walk? . i frequently have the pain in my gluteal muscle and the pain in my hip joint. after too much house work or shopping the pain gets really bad in my hip into the side and front of my thigh. it has gotten severe enough that i can not lift my leg to walk. after sitting a while i can walk again but it comes back. ice relives the pain and after about a week of using ice sometimes over-night pain in my thigh leaves. can arthritis cause these issues?
i am a single mother who has lost her job and am in the process of starting up a new online business. . my children and i don't qualify for medicaid in the state of texas and must pay for all medical expenses or go without. what are my options? my son cannot have his medication (nexium) which is $ for a one month's supply. how will obamacare help me if at all?
pre diabetic .   - what are the chances of me becoming diabetic? i am/have been active ( year bad diet). my husband and i are active people we back pack hike mountain bike cross country ski and have eaten a pretty balanced diet most of our lives. this past year we both got lazy and were not eating as we should have. we are on a low carb diet and have since increased our activity level back to what it once was. will we ever be able to have cake again or are we destined to be diabetics? in other words can the damage be undone? will our bodies recover from the situation?
i have a burn on my hand and a slight red line that goes past my wrist. is antibiotic salve enough to prevent infection?
i started having severe pain in my lower back and left side abdomen just under my bottom rib should my doctor do other tests?
what would a single dose of  azithromycin pills be used to treat?
can massage help relieve nerve pain from shingles? . my sister has had nerve pain for  months now. three doctors say she has the shingles virus and  said no but with no other answer. she is  and is to young for the shingles vaccine. i am trying to think of ways to help her in relieving the never ending nerve pain. i thought of massage and wondered if that would help. second question: if there are no blisters would she be safe to have a massage or would she put the massage therapist at risk? .
can you get pregnant while on the pill?
had accident right hip – i am in a lot of pain in my hip buttocks back and leg.
i am self medicating myself with thyronorm  mcg i dont want to lose my baby this time?
i have low grade fever that persists for  to even  months i cannot lead a normal life?
using colostomy bag after hernia surgery after  days havent passed stools?
"is this statement below true? . i heard this statement and i just want to confirm. ""you know our skin which is the largest organ of our body this is place/home many millions of. bacteria that is why in our body we're living symbiotically with the bacteria in our armpits. there is living bacteria even if you take a bath many times there is still bacteria"""
i have elevated cortisol levels. how can i keep my weight in check? . i am eating  meals with snacks but my hunger soars around  pm as does my energy. its hard to fall asleep. i do exercise regularly but that's during the day. i have reduced my external stress and am meditating. i do not do caffeine or alcohol.
is sinusitis contagious?
can you still get pregnant whie having your tubes cut and tide? i had mine done amost  years ago is it still possible?
my  old has little cradle cap on her forehead but i notice that its discoloring her skin when some flakes fall off. i need to know will her skin go back to normal or shell have discolor skin forever?
i have fibromyalgia being treated by neurologist now bladder is achy and heavy (pressure) with pain?
diagnosed with helicobacter pylori infection i now have constipation problems bile reflux villious athropy and stomach ulcers
what is the funniest youtube compilation video? . this is a spoof of kanye west snl backstage rant. the audio rant link here: <link> uyi slams imdontai gradeaundera and tyrone magnus in this shocking rant uyi rants about multi channel network reaction videos and internet memes! . jokingly! . <link>
no interest for normal sex. please help me! i have strong foot fetish. no feelings for normal sex. why? give me solutions.
can you have trichonomoiasis and have kids? . just need to know if it is possible to have trichomoniasis and give birth to  babies before any symptoms appear. been faithful with my husband for two years and have had  kids but have just recently been diagnosed. i know this can stay dormant for years without any signs or symptoms but i also know it can cause some issues with pregnancy and birth. but i had two healthy pregnancies and two healthy babies. could i have been exposed before my having my children or did i get exposed after?
"please help! my fiance is bipolar but will not take medication. he says he cannot find one that works for him. lately he will pick fights with me over anything and everything. lately we've gotten into fights over a new job that i accepted the people i work with even the fact that i talk about the new job and new friends i've made. he will fight with me about his ex telling me i'm jealous and out of control. he barely leaves his computer which usually happens when he gets ""crazy"" (as he puts it). now he's saying he doesn't know if he wants to marry me and all i do is nag him and he doesn't care about me. i do everything i can for him when he gets like this because i'm scared of a big fight and the mean things he says when he's manic. he is a wonderful loving man except for when he gets like this. how long does the negativity and anger last? this has happened before but it just keeps getting worse. should i leave? seems he wants that then he apologizes and begs me to stay."
"is it okay to continue taking my birth control at the same time after we've ""sprung forward"" for daylight savings? . as in i usually take my pill at  this morning my alarm went off at  and i took my pill. afterwards i realized that it was really . is this okay? or should i be concerned?"
ihave pin like holes in left breast and a lump under my left arm
contagious period for cold. i have been sick with a cold off and on for about  months. the last time i got sick was about week ago. i am going to visit my sister and her newborn. is it safe to do so?
it feels like bugs crawling around behind my eardrum. what could this be?
is there something over-the-counter to fade an unwanted tattoo?
what kinds of infection cause travelers' diarrhea?
what is big data? . the exponential growth and availability of data has come to play a pivotal role in the manner in which individuals companies and society at large operate. big data has become a buzzword and while businesses scramble to utilize the constant flow of information a successful formula for monetizing big data is yet to be found. . <link>
can i get my partner pregnant when we have unprotected sex (but i pulled out) on her supposed ovulation day? . we just use and online ovulation calculator to determine her supposed ovulation day. i also ejaculated the day before we had sex and the morning before we had sex (through masturbation). i also urinated before having sex. i suppose urinating clears out any sperm remaining from previous ejaculations and ejaculations few hours to a day prior to intercourse temporarily but significantly drop my sperm count. i ejaculated outside her a good  to  seconds after pulling out. need an md opinion.
should i aviod cold wet weather if i already have a cold?
what causes discharge that has a thick clumpy substance
i od meth  days ago but still feel 'off'. if an overdose kills someone does it only occur immediately? . i am concerned because i am not sure if how i feel is withdrawal or something potentially fatal. like maybe slow kidney failure is that possible days later? i am periodically a little shaking throat feels a little tight my heartbeat seems a tad off and a little tight temperature is .  my comprehension is somewhat distracted (e. g. when reading textbooks).
i had rta and broke my right homers after nells fracture still moving?
if a person keeps a catheter in for more than two months will the bladder will be permanantly damaged?
do certain fruits boost fertility?
partner diagnosed with pneumonia on tuesday. taking  of levofloxacin a day and mucinex dm. not better. fever thursday night of . . coughing so hard hard to breathe almost blacks out. shouldn't there have been some improvement by now after taking meds? he just turned . had to make him go to doctor. i think he needs to go back or to er.
i take amitriptyline for headaches and now the doctor gave me ambien for sleep. can i take these medications together?
 weeks pregnant ive got reddish ring circles
my  year old was bitten by tick behind the ear and now her lympnoyd is swollen. should i worry? no fever and no pain
i recently found out im pregnant. they said that i'm  weeks and  days. how can i find out when i conceived? . the doctors did an ultrasound and from the measurements of the baby. i've never really kept track of my periods because they are so irregular.
what are chances of being hiv+ after protected sex with a callgirl if following additional details are true. i am  and from india. i lost my virginity by doing one night stand with a girl. but then found out that she was an escort. i had protected oral sex and protected vaginal sex with her. i used condom every single minute and it didnt break. we didnt share saliva or i didnt perform cunnilingus. but after pulling off my condom i notised very minor scrach due to friction on my glans. i used disinfectants one ehyl alchohole and second dettol immediately upon it. then i washed that area with soap manytimes.
i am  weeks pregnant and i am taking low dose aspirin and labetaloltablet everday. is it advisable
i had a hemorrhoidectomy in june do i need another one?
i'm angry all the time. my wife says i'm belligerent & get nasty. i think about sex all the time & get upset when denied. my wife thinks i have too much testosterone. what could be the problem?
i'm  and i eat a lot. i've gone from  to  in less than a week. what's wrong with me? . i do not throw up. and i dont exsercise much just a few sit ups here and there. please help. im very scared.
what over-the-counter drugs can i use for hemorrhoid relief?
if i have genital herpes can i give it to someone else by sharing a washer or dryer with them?
my daughter has these bumps on her arm and i cant seem to figure out what it is?
how can i learn about hfa asthma inhalers?
can i give my  lb infant children's plus flu oral suspention acetaminophen? what would be the correct dose for him?
what foods do i have to eat to have enough strenght to do a lot of cardio?
gave boyfriend oral then ate an hour later got home and felt mucus in throat and spit. it went down my body. pregnant? . gave my boyfriend oral and swallowed some. then ate a small burger and some coke. an hour later i took a shower. while in the shower i felt then need to spit i felt like mucus so i did spit. worried that spit contained sperm and traveled down my body and got me pregnant. i did not insert anything in not even with fingers and i was obviously standing while in shower but spit went through middle of my stomach so i am sure it passed by my vagina. i am only  help? can i be pregnant?
easy home remedies for nasal dryness. i have temporary nasal dryness from the santa ana conditions. i don't want to go out and buy nasal saline spray for something that only lasts a day or two. what else can i do at home for relief?
after shower. itchy skin leads to anxiety and panic. usually fear of contact of sight of dirt and food crumbs and stains. after a shower hot or cold my skin gets a itchy/prickly feeling. after drying off it gets worse for about  minutes to an hour. while itchy i feel like i have anxiety. when i feel or see anything dirty i just start panicking sometimes unwilling to move. it happens more with food and crumbs(definitely unrecognizable things and pieces of food that may have feel on the floor a while ago). . i regularly avoid direct contact with old food/bits of food but i can easily just overlook them.
whats the difference between a cap and a veneer? which is safer for your mouth?
had ablation done a year ago and my boyfriend doesnt want to use any type of protection for sex can i get pregnant?
are folate and l-methylfolate (lmf) helpful for treating depression?
is it dangerous to take tylenol pm on a regular basis to assist with sleep?
what do i need to know about my egg supply when considering pregnancy?
my ldl is . my total cholesterol is . my weight is  never smoked. should i take medication? . normal blood pressure. good diet. i exercise regularly.
i broke out in a rash only on my face. what could it be? . i did not change any products that i use on my face. same make-up face wash and lotion. i do have dry sensitive skin. i also have acne with regular breakouts but nothing like this rash before. its not that bright little bumps all over and itchy. i am 
i am  years old and am in very bad health. it hurts to breathe eat and drink. can you tell me what is going on? . i have had some problems with gas bloating and acid reflux. i had often have had trouble swallowing. but since yesterday i have been having more problems. i thought it might be because i was constipated and i had gas trapped in my system which was the reason for excessive burping. but i almost thought i was having chest pains today and maybe i should go to the er. i felt a little better after i tried some home remedies but the pain is not going way.
what are the effects of alcohol on hepatitis b virus?
do sperm enhancment pills realy work. i would like to know if any of the volume enhancers on the market realy work. i would like to increace the volume of my ejaculate
should a burn be soaked in epson salt? . i burned the calf of my leg on a motorcycle muffle
what causes osteoarthritis?
new motheri want to stick around to see my child grow?
is overhead pressing and pulling important in training? . i've had shoulder tendonitis from doing a lot of painting and remodeling and i'd heard from the orthopedic doctor that i should stay away from military presses. . if that were the case i guess i should stay away from the lat pulldown exercise too correct? . i don't want to do damage to my shoulders in the long run i'd like to have healthy shoulders even if i stopped working out not stop working out and always be in pain from not training smart.
can getting the seasonal flu vaccine cause the flu?
i have  circles that are the same color as scar tissue on thigh what is it?
my father is having a heart problem and hes over weight. which exercises would you suggest for him to lose weight?
what causes shingles pain?
are there health insurance plans available for college-age students?
i have been experiencing very shallow breathing shivers legs feel numb?
i'm going to the dentist for a root canal and i've had a few glasses of wine. will this be a problem with the novocaine?
i am getting tiny blood-red spots all over my body. i have very fair skin! what are they and how can i get rid of them?
is there such thing as too many orgasms? . my boyfriend and i definitely have a highly addictive sexual relationship. im just curious if this is going to be bad for my health. how many orgasms in a short amount of time can hurt you if any at all?
how long does it take for your stomach to shrink when dieting
suffering from involuntary movements spasms doctors dont know what is wrong?
i have nipple discharge and blood discharge on the right side of my nipple
diagnosed with ulcerative colitis developed an swelling/growth around the vagina?
i had energy supplements now feeling dizzy and passed out today?
can you get an antibiotic related vaginal yeast infection if you have had a hysterectomy? . i had a complete hysterectomy over twenty years ago. i just started some macrobid for a uti yesterday today i have some very uncomfortable vaginal itching. no bad odor or discharge. should i go with just an anti-itch cream? or miconazole or some other yeast infection treatment? . mga
what is nutritionval value of radishes?
i am breastfeeding; can i take azo? i think i might be getting a kidney stone.
looking for surgery to be able to walk in high heels again?
i have some scars in my nose that are irritating a lot of bleeding every day?
how long can the flu live in your home. my son has the flu how long until it is safe for my other children and grandchildren to come into my home?
i am  and retired. i have medicare part a. . my medical is currently covered by my wife's employer-provided health insurance. do i need to sign up for an affordable care act plan? does my wife have to sign up? if we do not will there be sign up limitations when we have to?
random fainting spells every few months? . hello . i am a healthy  year old male who has experienced several random fainting episodes in the past year. they have all happened at night and come on very suddenly without warning. i get extremely lightheaded for a few minutes i lose consciousness for a few seconds and then everything returns to normal within an hour. these are accompanied by intense feelings of nausea and sometimes vomiting. these don't seem to be related to eating or drinking. is this normal or should i be concerned?
zpak for bronchitis then methylprednisolone for lasting symptoms. period for  days still coughing. i was prescribed azythromycin for bronchitis after having cough for several days. then called dr and got methylprednisolone after complaining still had cough and tickling sensation in chest when coughing. started menstrual period on day  of zpak and am still on it  days later. and finished med this morning and still have cough and bleeding.
how is depression diagnosed in children?
weakness in fingers after smoking mass-manufactured cigarettes. . ago i lost strength in my thumb and   fingers of my left hand after  days of smoking the brand of cigs i'd smoked before switching to additive free (. earlier). upon returning to additive free the strength in those fingers returned to normal. any thoughts? fyi--i have quit smoking cigs altogether at this point ( weeks w/out one now).
i have been suffering from low grade fever excessive saliva at night dark and less urine?
who becomes lactose intolerant?
i got a lump on my right side very sore bleeding what should i do?
when is the flu no longer contagious?
i have heard that otc cold meds were dangerous for young children and are pulling them off the shelf. is that true?
can i take medicine if i get sick while i am pregnant?
i keep getting attacks i sweat and get hot then i start the cold chills?
can you exercise and diet cellulite away?
i smoked cigs for  month averaging about  a day. just wondering if any irreversible was done. i did quit since then. i started smoking for a month after a period of depression a couple of months ago - cigs most days with a couple more on bad days. i would estimate i probably had  packs total over the period. i went cold turkey as i started to get my life together and hated the ill feeling from them. i exercise regularly and eat healthy and i am still young. i would just like to clear my head and hear that i did no damage permanent to my lungs. i know it takes a bit to recover hopefully to %.
are lemons safe to eat while pregnant?
what are some stretching exercises that i can do during my pregnancy?
my husband is a  diabetic and we are trying to have a baby. but i'm not getting pregnant what's wrong? . we have a  year old son. now we are trying to have another baby. i don't know if my husband can have anymore kids. how do we know if he can have more kids. his diabeties are bad.
what happens to the coronary artery in atherosclerosis?
i had an x-ray and doctor determined that i have an ileus the pain and discomfort is persisting?
"my step dad has perscription for both ondansetron odt and oxycodone. what kind of illness prompts the use of ""odt""? . my step dad has gone to the hospital twice in a row now. my mom assures me there is not a problem but i am worried that she may be avoiding a more serious health issue. . i know that the ""odt"" medication is used for the effects of chemo but my step dad has never had cancer. he is however a disabled veteran. and while he is still constantly upbeat and healthy he did have a surgery but that was about last year in . . are there any specific cases in which a doctor might prescribe both?"
will strenuous exercise cause bladder infection and elevated psa?
i have a very large abscess in my vaginal area. should i go to the hospital? . have already poked it with needle. pus and blood was draining from it.
i have an acute dextroscoliosis i feel pain when i skip meals?
i have persistent leucocytosis .  for  year. treatment with antibiotics didnt reduce the wbc count?
i am kite surf instructor but have spine condition pain too much too handle?
have severe lower backpain left and right side no solution from doctors?
if my son had the flu shot last year is it still good for this year?
my  y/o son has a fever of - for last  days when should i take him to the hospital if the fever doesn't go away. no other symptoms he is drinking fluids and eating very little.
my doctor put me on birth control because i have a hormonal imbalance. how can i get pregnant with a hormone imbalance? . i have stopped taking the birth control pills because i want to get pregnant. however i am having my period every two weeks now.
what causes crohn's disease?
how long after a collage is done can u have sex i had one a week ago and im  weeks pregnat
i am pregnant and having a hard time with depression and sleeping. is there anything i can do or take to help me?
i am in my drug doughnut period of medicare. my plavix is much too expensive. is there a less expensive medication?
is tadalafil legal and can doctors prescribe it?
i think i may have lymphoma or lupus what to do next?
i have some scars in my nose that are irritating a lot of bleeding every day?
will taking a chewable birth control pill without water make it significantly less effective? . i took minastrin fe without water because i was on the go and had no water with me. the instructions say that you should follow with a glass of water to make sure it all goes down when you chew it. i was just wondering if this will make it less effective to the point that pregnancy is likely because i had unprotected sex the night before. the day after i continued taking the pills with water as usual.
what causes high blood pressure?
i took  pregnancies tests at home that were positive. i went to the dr and blood test said not pregnant. i'm confused. my period was  days late but i did get it for  days. could i still be pregnant?
i recently ( months ago) had a heart & kidney transplant and would like your opinion as to if i should get a flu shot?
is it a really bad charley horse cramp or dangerous seizure?
how common is pregnancy after a hysterectomy?
im really scared something is wrong with my kidneys?
what exams and tests help doctors to evaluate or test people for bipolar disorder?
what is the most important information i should know about boniva injection?
do i need to be concerned. i am . have high anxiety. i woke up with a kind of a feeling on my right leg that it is numb when i touch it. i can still feel it. but this feeling is weird. it has been for  hours now. no other physical symptoms. is it serious?
what is general anesthesia. what is the difference between general anesthesia and local anesthesia?
i began suffering with tailbone pain without injury approximately  months ago could it be my mirena?
unexplained headaches  does mri show problem?
should i go to the er for black stool and vomiting? . i had my gall bladder removed  months ago but i am still having the same symptoms i was before. i have constant diarrhea (more than  times a day usually) vomiting black stool bloating fatigue and lower abdomen tenderness. but in the past week my symptoms have escalated. i have an appointment with my gi doctor but they can't get me in for  more weeks. should i go to the er or try to wait it out for  more weeks?
should i drink hot or cold for laryngitis wihich i have with a sinus infection? . i have had the laryngitis for well over a week now and i have had a steroid shot and a steroid dose pack. plus i have been on  different antibiotics for the sinus infection. is there anything else that i can do to get my voice back. i had something similar to this last october and my voice didn't really come back completely for almost four weeks! i work in an extremely busy chiropractic office. and yes i have had the doctor work on me my neck!
what is causing a knot on the left side of my abdomen parallel to belly button? . i am  and parallel to my belly button on my left side there is a round knot about the size of a small marble i have noticed it for a while and it has not gotten any bigger. it is sometimes painful if i move a certain way. i have to really push down to find it on my stomach. i am also a diabetic (almost  years) and on an insulin pump could it be scar tissue from injection sites? it doesnt really hurt when i try to pick stuff up. it also hurts sometimes on my right side where i had sites.
my little boy who is  months has had tonsillitis for over a week now?
i'm getting bubbly/butterfly feelings in my lower stomach i can't be pregnant. last period  week ago. any ideas?
i keep getting sinus drainage that leads to a full-blown cold. why cant i get a shot of penicillin anymore?
i have irritation/redness just on the inside of the tip of the penis? does this sound like a uti or a std?
do all women get early symptoms of pregnancy?
my leg has had spasms for some time now i had total body spasm?
i have arm and shoulder pain also tingling. i have loss strengh and loss of motoin in left arm. what could this be? . i have been seeing a dr. for a year. ive had mri of neck and brain. no answeres. ive had blood test and no illnesses. sometimes both arms will hurt but mostly my left arm. pain can go from shoulder right down to elbow or to fingers when lifting it. i also am weaker in this arm and can not raise my arm above head. (about half way). i also have told by physical therapist that shoulder blades are out of ligne and tingle(burn sensatoin) in both shoulderblades. what could this be?
i have halitosis doctor says i have an h. pylori?
can any yeast infection affect a herpes viral test? . i was positive for herpes simplex  in my private region but i had taken a pill for a yeast infection that is suppose to get rid of it in  days the day before i had been tooken for a viral test. now they did a screaning and found i did have some yeast and for me to take monistat but didnt say they had misdiagnosed me. did they diagnosed me and if so what will happen on my medical record and two did my yeast infection effect the results on the test?
i get severe common cold accompanied by frequent bouts of sneezing if i miss up the monthly schedule of hair cut. . i get severe common cold accompanied by frequent bouts of sneezing if i miss up the monthly schedule of hair cut. i would like to know what causes so much common cold and sneezing just by skipping the hair cut.
i was found unconscious at work. black eye broken maxilla concussion no bruising anywhere
what causes juvenile myoclonic epilepsy?
found a small bump on the shaft of penis near glans. after touching a wet tissue to it it fell off. what could it be? . i had a wart on the top part of the foreskin (before it was removed) but that was two years ago. i'm concerned that it may have been another wart. the last one took freezing to come off so i am doubtful it was one but had to ask. i read that it may be because of masturbation.
major complaint is upper stomach pain(not nausea) middle to right side?
had a stroke on the brain in  its  i cant get no more than  hours of sleep a day?
i had a problem during a workout(bench press) where i pushed too hard and tore a rotator cuff?
dry chapped penile skin - help! . my wife and i are big skiers so we are outdoors a lot in the winter and my skin gets really dry from the cold. i use a moisturizer for my body but even my penis skin gets dry and cracked. anything i should know about using a penis moisturizing creme?
what are some common food triggers for migraines?
is fasting absolutely necessary for a blood test to check the thyroid?
i am  year old male. i having breast tumor around  years. i am  year old male. i having breast tumor around  years. this tumor inside in my nipple area. i had tumor in both breast. when i press it it cause little bit pain. my left breast have  or  small tumor. non other symptoms i had. what is this. this is possible to breast cancer? what treatment i need?
my girl n i had protected sex late in the middle of her cycle. last p was aug  or so could she be pregnant or missed p? .  days after sex she told me she had a little bit of spotting could it be inplantation spotting? . we have always used protection.
i would like to know about white stolls like milk what it would might be something to worry and that was  times already.
 year old son gets strange vision where things look small and far away like looking thru binocs backwards. i myself had this on occassion when growing up and even during adult life. when young it started after i had a fever and the same is true for my son. it does not hurt and nothing is blurry but everything seems small and farther away than it really is. it is a strange and scarry feeling. . . . . any ideas?
what can a mom do to get their child with mrsa in ear better. his ent is not doing much. its been ongoing for  months. . my  month old son with ear tubes is battling mrsa in his ear for  months. we have done massive amount of antibiotics his ent doctor says that he thinks the last chance we have is to remove his ear tube and replace it as well as remove his adenoids. im really worried that with the mrsa still present inside the ear if it is ok to have him go into surgery. how could he gotten mrsa in the first place. there has been puss coming out of my sons right ear for  months. his ent doesn't seem to care.
tapering off taper candesartan horrible neurological symptoms appear?
i am in my mid- and would like to get rid of my wrinkles near the eyes. which product do you suggest?
do most people get infected by the common cold when touching the nose when touching the eyes or breathing in droplets? . it is known that most people contract a cold virus by those three pathways/vectors. however which of them is the most commonly occurring one in the population?
what dietary changes can i make to reduce my heart disease risk?
i've been sick for  weeks with what the doctors say is a viral infection but i'm getting worse not better. normal? . it started with normal cold like symptoms which was ok. i made it through about two weeks of that just fine and was getting better. i was late picking up my narcolepsy medications (aderrall) and went through about  days of withdrawal which i'm sure made my immune system crash. i got my medication back but became seriously ill with what the doctors told me was a sinus infection. i concur. severe sinus pressure hacking wet cough dyspnea . . . to be continued
i've got to pee very badly yet nothing at all comes out. i think maybe my urethra is swollen on the inside? (male). does anyone think asprin or benedryl might help reduce the swelling or perhaps a cold compress? . . i have gently pried open the opening and it does appear to be swollen shut in there not that i often look in there to know the difference. . i just finished edging for  hours when this started. maybe it's irritated and swollen inside? nothing unusual in ejaculate other than a large quantity. . this is by far not the first time i've edged for that long or longer
am i getting too much vitamin a? . for the last couple of months i have been on a unusual diet of mostly ceasar salad and yams. now i eat around a full heart of romaine lettuce a day and a large yam a day. the diet works great but i didn't look at the vitamin count. i recently noticed that i have been consuming a large amount of vitamin a. i don't take any supplements but i am now worried that i might have vitamin a toxicity. i looked up some of the symptoms and i don't think i have any but should i stop this diet?
what other than a yeast infection could it be if the medicine doesn't work and more symptoms start occuring? . for a few months now i've had constant vaginal itching and burning and after using yeast infection medicine multiple times it still has not gone away and now blisters have begun forming. after looking up genital herpes i've noticed that i have nearly all the symptoms for it but i have yet to have sexual activity. could it still be possible or is it something else?
how is malaria transmitted?
i have a mole/wart on my right hand palm is it dangerous?
what are the expected benefits of steroid injections?
i have sore swollen glands and neck stiffness that is not responding to  antibiotic treatments in a row. no fever? . hello . i've had swollen glands and a stiff neck for going on week  now. my gp who is also an endocrinologist had me take zpack. it responded a little to the zpack but then it stopped so he had me take another one. when that didn't work he had me take augmentin. and i seem to be getting a little worse. i'm pretty worried. i do have hypothyroid but i was recently checked and all is well there plus the swelling is in the glands in my neck and not where my thyroid would be. no fever.
my son is having problems with his kidneys and it's causing him to have high blood pressure what can i do to lower it? . he lives with his father and until recently he had poor eating habits a lot of fast food high in sodium and he was allowed to stay up for extremely long periods of time. he is only 
i have been taking maxide  for the past  years. i dont have insurance anymore and my meds ran out what happens now?
can i be pregnant if i had sex two days before my expected period? . i had sex two days before my expected period. we used a comdon but it broke. he pulled out. i am now four days late and have been spotting for the last  days. its not stress because i am not stressed. in the last four days i gained  and been nauseous. i took a pregnancy test once and it was negative. could i still be pregnant?
i got chicken pox at  old can i still get shingles?
i am having major muscle spasms in my lower back. i have been diagnosed with sciatica?
mild discomfort and then mild pain in belly button region when i press that region?
what level of the spine does the sciatic nerve originate?
can't lose weight while taking lexapro. i have never had weight problem and i go to exercise class - times a week. . i need to lose about  -  lbs but this seems impossible to do. i do not eat a lot of sweets nor do i overeat.
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of desyrel?
had protected sex and condom broke. im on birth control and got period  days later. could i become pregnant? . my boyfriend and i had sex on saturday. he wore a condom and it broke. we didnt realize it was broken until be pulled out before he came. i am on birth control and got my period two days later. is it possible that i can become pregnant?
i was diagnosed as type-ii diabetes can you help?
my son is  has eczema mild at moment he suffers from diarrhea constantly but not ill. he also is prone to chest infections and penis infections currently today he is suffering from all plus oral thrush! up is there anything doctors can do to help i should be asking for?
why does my toddler throw up when she either goes to bed or during the night (usuallyaround )? . she also has really loose bowels or diarrhea every morning.
i have a bad head cold. what can i take to release my nasal drainage and clear my ears? sudafed dries me out.
vertigo lasting days triggered by being outside in cold air temperature
will a blue peel or a laser even out my skin tone and be strong enough to remove the sun spots on my face?
sharp pains in back of head. loud ringing in my ear. head feels like it is being crushed? .
sometimes my heart flutters followed by my breath being taken away causing me to gasp. what might this be?
how should i take requip or requip xl for parkinson's disease?
what is dyskinesia with parkinson's disease?
i have a potassium level of .  from a blood test. is this bad? . i have muscle cramps and aches in every major muscle. i also have pneumonia and i am a diuretic steroid and antibotics
is it normal to have just a little bit of blood in my stool? its has been happening on and off for a couple days now. i was prescribed omeprezole about a month ago and recently ran out. it wasnt a lot of blood just about pinky length and has been happening this last week quite often
had sex fri. morning and got plan b that afternoon. sunday had unprotected sex again; do i need another pill?
i had a motor nerve conduction study that according to my doctor is clean need second opinion?
is cephalexin part of penicillin family and/or is it derived from mold? . skin tests show i am severely allergic to mold. and when i take antibiotics from the penicillin family i have severe reactions. my father is allergic to penicillin and if he takes it he will die. i also cannot take erythromycin due to severe allergic reactions. and my mother is allergic to it. if she takes it she will die. i know i can take ciprofloxacin and doxycycline but i would like to be able to take something when i get strep throat. can i take keflex? is it derived from mold?
is dirty yellow sputum a sign of pneumonia?
i decided to use a drug via needle i know have a painful red swollen hard abscess in that area. is this serious? . pus did come out of the access and like i said very painful. it seems to get smaller then larger. what do i do? help!
how long after you fill out a health insurance application will you be able to go to a doctor?
been on adderall for a few yrs and wanted to try penis enlargement pills for added pleasure. is it safe to take both? . any experience or actual medical information would be very appreciated. . thanks!
are hernias inherited?
can severe bruising from wisdom teeth extractions cause facial paresthesia? is it likely to go away? . i had my  remaining wisdom teeth extracted  days ago. yesterday the swelling finally started to go down and severe yellow-green-purple bruising started to show. i also have little feeling and a tingling sensation in my lower lip right side of chin and lower front teeth. i read a lot of stuff about mandibular nerve damage causing paresthesia. is that my problem or could the severe bruising be what's causing the numb feeling? will this feeling eventually go away as my mouth continues to heal?
what does delayed release mean in the drug nexium?
can drinking a moderate amount of alcohol today have a negative effect on my athletic performance tomorrow?
what is the arthritis foundation?
i have pain and limited movement along right body side?
can sinus infection lead to abcess tooth? . been taking antibiotic for few days for sinus infection but pain in my front teeth has not gone away. could sinus infection lead to getting an abcess tooth?
i have pain discomfort almost non-stop frequent urination my life has become miserable?
can a cancer patient quit methadone after  days without harmful side effects? . my uncle has stage  lung cancer and has been on many pain meds. the dr switched him to methadone and this is obvoiously the wrong drug for him. he is unable to feed himself and not with it. can we safely take him off of it after only  / days of taking it without him having harmful side effects? .
i am a  old female. had my tubes tied burned and clipped. but in january my period was very light  days light brown
can stress cause low blood pressure?
what is chronic fatigue syndrome's relationship to migraines?
can this fingering get her pregnant? . i fingered the girl on her  day of period june ) and maybe i had a little pre-cum on my finger but at that moment i could not realize anything. i did rub my finger over her body and then went in and pretty deep maybe hit her cervix once. she got her periods over on  june and it was normal only. and the duration of her cycle is normal and not irregular. so is it possible that this might make her pregnant? please help i am very scared.!
i have been treated with bipolar disorder my psychiatrist doesnt want to prescribe any antidepressant?
i have ecoli vaginitis will it cure itself if i stopped antibiotics?
vyvanse urine test what will it show up as?
why am i so tired and exhausted all of the time? . energy levels are seriously non-existent. tired and exhausted feeling all the time. gaining weight and can't seem to get it off no matter what or how little i eat.
could i be pregnant. had sex with no condom my boyfriend did cum inside me its been about a week lately i been feeling really tired alot & haveing headaces but i always gotten them so hard to tell if thats something to do with it pass two days my pee has smelled stronger then ever-
why has my  month old gone from sleeping through the night to waking up crying? we have to feed her to help her sleep.
are there any flu shot side effects in adults or in children?
what kinds of food should he avoided in trying to control the symptoms of gerd?
i'm almost  and my face shows it. one side of my face has more lines on it than the other. what do you recommend?
while on birth control i took an antibiotic and was late taking birth control pills. could i be pregnant if i had sex?
what happens when a teenager who has epilepsy is old enough to drive?
i am a  year old female previously diagnosed with bipolar disorder i have developed a muscle spasm that resembles a tic along my right arm?
can you have cancer in your sinus
can u have a mammogram in your 's. my aunt had brest cancer in her 's and i was worrding if i can start before i turn 
what are the advantages of cortisone injections?
can i get pregnant from precum while ovulating? . i'm having some symptoms but haven't missed my period which should start tomorrow. i'm having cramps achy boobs increased mucous tightness round the lower part of my stomach some nausea. i've been tracking my cycle n its predictable now so i usually just have cramps n that's it. me n my friend always use the pull out method but this time i was ovulating n i feel odd with all these symptoms.
i have experienced headache/ migraine at least  days a week for the past  years?
my grandson has had headaches and also running fever with it for over a month now not understanding why. any opinions
i have very loose diarrea upset stomach & bad lower back pain when i take a deep breath. any idea what could cause it
is it true marijuana cures more sicknesses than any other medcines
can the flu shot make me achy a week after getting it? . i got my annual flu shot a week ago and have started feeling muscle fatigue and achiness. could this be my flu shot or something more?
can you take naproxen with aleve cold and sinus?
who diagnoses mental health conditions an m. f. t. l. c. s. w. psychologist or psychiatrist?
spray paint project affect pregnancy? . hi. my husband and i are ttc and its possible that i may be in the very early stages of pregnancy. maybe a week or so post conception if that. i started a spray painting project today without even thinking about it since i'm not officially pregnant. i tried to ventilate the area but after about  minutes the fumes were really bad so i stopped the project and got some fresh air. is there a chance that this could affect my potential pregnancy?
if i stop taking a sleep aid suddenly after using it two years will i have withdrawal symptoms?
what would cause increased headaches only after eating? . my gall bladder was removed  was ago. the headache is a burning sensation as digestion progresses. is this common? i've heard no.
i have dizzy spells my body shakes feels as if someone is driving a knife into my brain
what are the symptoms of chlamydia?
what are the post-op instructions after an embryo transfer?
head injury. hi good day just wanted to find out what the cause may be iam  years old but having a prob i have heache everyday and feeling drowsiness and also star forgeting things i got head injury alot of years ago but afthers i was realesed from the hospital i never go back for checkup can that perhaps be the cause please tell me thank you
i've had my period but i'm worried i might still be pregnant. last time i was with boyfriend was three weeks ago (long distance) sometimes dont use a condom but i'm on the pill. my stomach is pushed out ive only noticed it in the past two weeks. i got my period two weeks ago. i thought it might be weight but stomach is not soft/squishy but firm and uncomfortable. last night felt like i was lying on a bubble when i tried to sleep on stomach. i thought maybe it could be bloating? . i did some research and i have been moody extra discharge and extra sleepy than usual
why is my nose always stuffed? . i've had a stuffy nose for two months. two months! i've tried sudafed benadryl off brand otc medicine and the benadryl/ibuprofen/sudafed combo. i've tried ziacam nasal spray. i've tried eating tablespoons of cayenne pepper i tried vicks on my chest feet and in my nose. i tried steamy showers and i tried the neti pot alternative (squeeze bottle). after the squeeze bottle now i can't hear out of my right ear. so no my problems are doubled. i cant sleep because i can't breath. please help!
genital warts garlic hurts. so my daughter unfortunately has genital warts and she's had them for a few years and she hasn't told me intill recently. they're pretty bad and for the past  days she's been crushing garlic to make a paste cause she read that would help and applying it all over but she can't leave it on for more then a few seconds cause it starts to sting like crazy. everyone online says it's good and it'll help but for some reason it just hurts and yes she does clean herself before any ideas why?
i need an over the counter steroid cream for periferial neropathy what is a good one that would work?
regular period / sex / ovulation / or / brown bleeding/cramping / could i be pregnant period not due
i was treated for syhphilis  years ago and still test positive do i need to be retreated. i was recently informed by my doctor that i tested positive for syphilis and need to be treated. back in  during my pregnancy i was treated for syphilis with a penicillin shot and was informed that there would always be a trace of the disease. is it necessary to be retreated even if the test comes back positive with a low number.
what is the normal gallbladder ejection fraction range? . i have been told mine is low following a hida scan but i have no gallstones.
is milk bad for you as you get older
do i have a sinus infection i have blood in my snot when i blow my nose? (mornings)slight pain in eyes certain directions. i just got over a cold but i feel fine usually only in the mornings
i have a baby tooth being my adult tooth i cant afford a dentist til next month but its causing me alot of pain. i had another one on the opposite side. i managed to get that one to fall out. i've been cleaning it everyday but the pain is becoming to much i cant eat anything hard without it being in pain. it is loose i can wiggle it but it will not come out. i tired just wiggling it with gause hoping i could get it to fall out but im worried its rotting like the other one was and its gonna infect my mouth. but i cant take it anymore. its just to small for me to grab once my adult tooth pushed it into mygum
i have a constant dull pain in my right upper chest about even with my armpit?
can umbilical hernia cause nausea? . i've been sick to my stomach for almost  weeks. my doctors have done numerous amount of tests. the last test i had done was a ct scan on my abdominal and pelvic area. the only thing that he found was that i have an umbilical hernia but didn't think much of it. is it possible that an umbilical hernia is the reason why i've been feeling nauseous for two weeks?
what is a bioidentical hormone?
i get nauseous everytime after i eat what's wrong? . i can be starving and i will eat after about half way through (even a small plate) my stomach hurts really bad like i over ate. sometimes it's only a few bites then i feel very nauseous and i am unable to eat the rest of the day.
what causes foul breath smell during flu
i have been evaluated by a neurologist but my rheumatologist is questioning my symptoms need second opinion?
my nipples have been really sore for the past couple months. the rest of my breast don't hurt. what could cause this? . i'm not pregnant and sometimes they hurt worse than others. has been going on for about  months.
i am  years old can i get a flu shot if i have pneumonia
do you have to take birth control pills at the exact same time everyday for it to work?
can they put you to sleep mri. i'm highly claustrophobic and need an mri of the spine. i don't think i can do it. taking xanax would not help. i've tried it.
what is parkinson's disease?
i went to gyn and she told my cervix is very infectious and called for pap smear test is it smthng to worry. i am unable to conceive for last  year. i went to gynecologist and during internal check up she told my cervix is very infectious and recommended for pap smear test. i read from internet is it for cervical cancer. is this recommendation an alarm for me that i will not be able to get pregnant ever
i was curious about anal used mothers sex toy didnt clean it at risk for stds? don't think it was used in a while. i was curious and i found a vibrator and i used it i put a condom on it but condom broke i got tested for chlamidia and ghonorea both negative do you think i am at risk for hiv or anything else? . also i used other sorta home made toys over a year ago and i just got worried i could have done damage to my body haven't had any negative symptoms and havnt used them since last year should i be worried? everything is normal and during use nothing negative happened like bleeding of anything
i have hurt my inner knee before playing football a - years ago. now im feeling the same pains again what should i do? . the football injury i had my schools trainer check and she said it was pinched cartalidge. it got really swollen and in - days it went back down but the pains didnt. the pains happen when i walk especially when putting pressure on my heel. the pain isnt unbearable but it surely is annoying since walking is a huge part of where i need to be.
one year old blind boy cant move. please help?
my dr. has been checking my hemoglobin. it's been bouncing around from .  to . . could this be anemia? . i'm tired all the time but the iron test he ran came back in the normal range. actually my hematocrit has flagged low as well as my red blood cell count. i have been running a low grade fever for months. . i can be sitting and staring at my computer screen and fall asleep. . any suggestions? no one here seems to be too concerned.
can knee pain and swelling be related to tmj?
what can be done for ankle/heel in teenage football player? . my son is  and a football player. he was diagnosed with severe flatfootedness after having mons of heel pain. now he is also having pain on the top part of his foot going into and around his ankles. what could this be and what can we do to help. he already does th exercises his dr gave him and ices etc but he is getting no relief other than taking naproxen (and as a mom i am not comfortable with him taking this daily)
what is diabetes?
 year old has terrible migrainestaking loads of pills for years
am i at risk from dog scratch for rabies (in northeast u. s. )? . my frd's  yr old dog scratched my finger w/its teeth while i was feeding it. i saw some redness & small blood dots that could be underneath or just on the surface of the slightly broken skin. i washed it  later w/ soap & water for about . the redness went completely away the next day. i was told the dog was vaccinated (us). am i at risk for catching rabies from this? if the dog stays healthy for a month will my risk reduce to ? can dogs give rabies to ppl while they remain healthy?
everytime i sleep with my boyfriend i seem to get a bv or yeast infection if i don't use protection. anything else help? . i seem to get the infection - days after sleeping with him. i take the medicine it all goes away and then i will have it again after sleeping with him again. i spoke to the doctor and he said it's no from him it's my ph balance. my questions is what can prevent this from happening besides a condom. i'm taking probiotics eat greek yogurt drink lemon/lime water and none of this seems to help. does this mean we just can't be with each other because his body seems to through my ph off? help!
"how do you treat ""rebound effect"" from otc nasal spary's?"
what is this? . hoarse cough swelling/numb in both legs extreme pain in joints of left leg only (can't move leg in certain directions) pain moving to groin & buttock on left side; muscle spasms weakness & chills in neck arms and legs. sciatic nerve? infection? circulation problem? tumor? allergic reaction?
took diazepam  years ago for  years -- how can i counter any brain damage
i think i may have bacterial vaginosis
i was hospitalized a month ago for a severe kidney infection nothing helped what should i do next?
i have type  diabetes should i take sarm 
what are trigger-point injections for tmj?
i am taking seroquel and gained quite a bit of weight. what is the best diet to follow while taking this medication?
i had a spider crawl in my ear got out but i was left with an ear infection?
my father has been diagnosed with brain tumor – requires surgery medication or other treatment?
what if a man never in the moon to have sex
is there any product that will reduce the redness on the face from lupus?
how do i recover from broken ribs? . rest relaxation and regularly scheduled pain medicine are the best treatments for most broken ribs.
are there long-term harmful effects to taking anacin or paracetamol for chronic migraine-tension headaches?
i had a back fusion at - now have anterlothesis of  on  do i need surgery?
day-after pill. hi i had sex with my boyfriend at night and the condom broke. i took the day-after pill the morning after. i had sex again at noon and the condom broke again. what can i do? what should i take? . what can be done (other than change the condom day-after pills)?
this is my third pregnancy when should i start showing? i think i am  weeks and my belly looks really big.
my  year old can't retract foreskin on penis. what do i do?
i was punched in the ear and left ear lost hearing ive just put my head under water and there was a pop and so painful. the hearing has not come back just horrible pain. i am waiting on my appointment but isnt till next week. what do you think it is? will i ever get the hearing back
appendicitis recovery time. inhad a laparoscopic appendectomy in november and i'm still experienceing pain when exercising or stretching out. is this normal?
i have irritation/redness just on the inside of the tip of the penis? does this sound like a uti or a std?
is dental coverage insurance a separate policy and not related to the aca?
can nasal polyps cause vertigo? . i have been diagnosed with bpv and then went for an mri because the symptoms were not going away completely. i have facial pain blurred vision at times and i get dizzy easily. the mri of my brain and my nasal cavities revealed no brain abnormalities but nasal polyps were found. i have been fully evaluated for heart related reasons for dizziness and everything was normal. i wanted to know if the annoying and disorienting vertigo could be related to the polyps. thank you
i wake up lean and by time i get home from work have bloated up all over to the point my face is like a ball?
 pregnant have dry nipples what can i put on them
what medical professional should treat persistent bursitis of the knee due to trauma (fall)? . a fall on the knee was followed about a week later with sudden buildup of fluid on the knee. two aspirations and a surgical drain treatment from an orthopedic specialist have been unable to control the fluid buildup. x-ray revealed no bone damage. is this bursitis or possibly another problem? what specialist should be consulted?
can poison ivy rash return same place after  months? . rash returned same places on arms after  months since had first rash. . haven't been any where near any plants no pets to come in contact with poison ivy. any one ever hear of this happening?
"i think i may have started my period but it is a lot lighter than normal and a different color with almost no cramps. . i also think i have a uti. i have not had time to go to the drs. my ""period"" started the day after my uti and it started about a week later than last month. it is not the normal dark red(light pink/brown) it normally is and my flow is drastically lighter than normal. also on the first day of my period i usually get pretty bad cramps. this time i've barely had any. also as of today i've been feeling naseaus and i have this dull almost crampy feeling in my lower right abdomen and whole lower back."
is it safe to have unprotected sex with my partner while she is taking the sugar pills? can she get pregnant?
what happens if my caloric intake is less than what i should be getting due to exercising and eating less? .  years old african american female  pounds size   feet  inches
i suffer from neck and shoulder blade pain for  years now and the doctors dont know what is wrong and its getting worse?
can i take too much folic acid while pregnant? mutivitamin vs. prenatal. i just found out i am pregnant. i currently take a highly rated multivitamin that already contains .  of folic acid. i also take  of folic acid in addition. am i taking too much? i took the  to offset the side effects of mexotrexate. when i stopped the methotrexate my rheumatologist told me to keep taking the  folic acid. am i ok to take this much? also should i be taking a prenatal or is my multivitamin ok?
i have gastric problems with itching and breathing problems getting worse?
can you have malaria more than once? . my husband got malaria after returning from vietnam many years ago. we are now going to south africa on vacation. is my husband more or less likely to be susceptible to malaria or does it not matter that he had it before?
lately i've noticed a lot of loose skin around my knees and in the front of my legs. what can be done?
doctor placed an intrathecal pain pump implant for dilaudid & baclofen is it justified?
i recently had an ultrasound of my thyroid that showed  solid nodules. i recently had an ultrasound of my thyroid that showed  solid nodules that were hypoechoic. the largest was almost  cm and  of them were vascular. it also showed a  cm by .  cm lymph node with no hilum
diagnosed with probable viral meningitis around four years ago having numerous issues?
how is type  diabetes treated?
i had unpted sex two weeks before and the two days prior to getting a short period. how likely is it that i am pregnant. i have been having symptoms like sore breasts with darker blue veins than usual that run up to my arm pits and also on both sides of my pelvis with tiny red /purple spider like veins all over my boobs and a little on my upper chest and on my hips and thighs. i have had sharp cramps in chest and pelvis at times that come and go. frequent peeing head aches and backaches. i took a home pregnancy test at the three week mark prior to having sex two weeks before my short period and it was negative.
will health insurance co-pays go up because of the affordable care act? what program will be the best? . what program will be least apt to cancel you?
i was diagnosed with chondromalacia patella the pain in both of knees is getting worse?
do i have to take antibiotics for gastroenteritis or is it possible for us to get better without antibiotics?
seems i have got chemical in eye from eye cream. anything i can do to get relief from burning? i've tryed to rinse
is wine bad for intestines?
i have tinnitus severe post-nasal drip yellow mucus and dislocated jaw?
my cats been crawling wont lay down low appitiete sad meowing her bottom seems tense has diarrhrea what could be wrong. i have two cats one has diarrhea not sure which but one of my cats named trippy has these episodes where she crawls and won't walk. she will rub herself against the wall meow sadly and won't eat that much. she is still lovable but seems less interested. can someone please help me. could this be round worms or something much worse?
what is the treatment for the fungal infection on my right hand?
hi i am suffering from shingles i got this one day ago very painful?
i stand on my feet all day at work my right heel hurts as if i have a bone sper what can it be? . i also do welding as a profession continuously non- stop  hrs a day am i getting to much vitamin  from the weld flash?
what are the tiny blisters on my four year olds face? . two weeks ago my son got a cold sore i can not get it to go away! two days ago i noticed he now has little red bumps/ blisters covering his face now! i have put a and d ointment on his face and gave him benadryl and cold sore medicine he is not allergic to anything! please help!
i am embarrassed to tell my doctor that i can't afford prescription medications. is it okay to ask for free samples?
my daughter cries after and sometimes while eating?
my  month old has hives i am breastfeeding him what could this be caused from
how far down do doctors cool your body for a major heart surgery? do they cool it down to the freezing point?
i have episodes where at first i feel really confused and then fall into a daze?
can effexor help with epilepsy? since there has been a link between epilepsy and depression. i was wondering.
how often should a person with celiac sprue have a colonoscopy?
can the tube that goes in your ear fall into the ear? if it can what should i do?
what causes blood in feces. there is also weakness and experiencing weight loss father passed away of colon cancer. this person i  years old
my daughters hemoglobin is low but her iron is high doctor thinks they are fighting each other?
will i have to pay a fine for not having insurance if i have va benefits
my  year year old daughter was diagnosed with leg length discrepancy?
my husband experiencing intense foul smelling night sweats?
will i get a false passitive if i take a pregnacy test while on birth control.
can a vaginal yeast infection irritate the area around the urethra? . i was recently treated in the er for a severe infection from a finger injury that was speading up to my wrist. i was given  antibiotic injections and home course of two oral antibiotics. within a few days i began showing vaginal swelling irritation and itching. after finishing the pills i have the typical yeast discharge and the area around the urethra is red swollen and tender. can this cause other problems and travel up the urethra?
is pristiq more costly then paxil? does pristiq come in a generic brand?
why am i dizzy all the time and get lightheaded easily after exercising? . i am constantly dizzy and always drinking orange juice as a result to help me get through the day. i have had low blood pressure my whole life but until i tried to do gymnastics last month i had no idea how bad things had gotten. things become fuzzy to me and my sense of judgement is impaired from being so lightheaded. for example doing routine things that i do every day becomes confusing if i feel lightheaded. is this low blood pressure or low blood sugar? and what can i do about it?
can you tell if an ectopic pregnancy has ruptured via ultrasound? . if your doctor suspects an ectopic pregnancy and orders an ultrasound is there a way to determine if the tube has ruptured from looking at the ultrasound results?
me and my wife have been trying to have a child for two years?
does a pre-cum countains sperms? and if so can it get a virgin girl pregnant only from rubbing their parts? . i know it takes one sperm for fertilization of the egg but in reality it takes more than  million per ml to get the job barely done right because the sperms die and some get lost but there are myths to scare people about pregnancy from rubbing parts and only from pre-cum specialy for virgins girls. could that be scientificly true.
i felt like electric shock like feeling which became sharp on my left chest?
how do i take profen ib?
what causes acid reflux disease?
ear aches and hard time hearing. for about two weeks i have struggled to hear people when they are talking and i am having pain in both my ears. doctor said i have perfect hearing and nothing wrong with ear drums. said i have tmj be auaw of grinding teeth but i wear a night guard. what else could it be?
i had a lung collapse and a severe asthma reaction  years later relapse with asthmatic exasperation?
could migraines indicate something more serious? . see. <link>
i have a brown recluse bite on my leg that is extremely painful. i dont want to walk. what pain medication is safe?
i have swelling of the paratoid gland face is noticeably swollen on the right side?
my baby girl is eight days old. i noticed some swelling in her breasts today when i bathed her. is this normal?
took  days tamiflu but still feel sick have swollen glands & exhaustion. do i still have the flu? contagious? . i had food poisoning on nov  then got this stomach flu on dec . i took the  days of tamiflu plus metoclopramide & bella-phenobarb but i still feel achy tired. the day after my last dose of tamiflu i woke up with sore swollen glands. still taking the bella-phenobarb for abdominal discomfort. i'm supposed to return to nyc (where i got the flu) to work with the public in grand central station. i'm concerned about exposing myself to such a large amount of public while i still feel sick.
where do i find out about different health insurance plans available to me in georgia?
how can i encourage my children to brush their teeth?
how can computers affect my childs sleep?
how should a senior who has had a stroke (cerebral infarction) alter his or her diet?
 wks preg and doctor says no sex but wondering can we have oral sex?
my little boy has stomach pain done countless tests spent a fortune im at a loss need advice?
have taken two pregnancy test both light positive now bleeding and cramping like a period am i pregnant?
can i go through puberty without one testicle. i am  and have pubic hair how do i know if i produce sperm or not
how can i find out long term health issues when a person has had been exposed to diesel fuel thru the skin repeatedly. i am not looking for skin reactions i am looking to see what other health problems can happen.
took depo shot when will bleeding stop?
i had inguinal hernia surgery (laparoscopic) pain hasnt gone away?
i have no problem getting an erection its keeping one and ejaculating that i am having an issue with. any answers?
can penicillin cause gums to bleed. my  yr old grandson was very ill with vomiting and with fever of  when taking asprin and  when it wore off. first dr visit they only game him medication for vomit and recommended children tylenol. we took him back after  days as fever continued to be high they gave him penicillin shot and now his gums are bleeding and are very tender. he crys when we try to brush his teeth.
should you smack or forcefully put a finger in someones chest to wake the up from fainting . my  year old grand daughter passed out on my son-in-law and i got in an argument over this. he said this is what paramedics did to him i believe this is to judge the level of consciousness not to wake some one up who has fainted. doing this could actually cause more damage than good. i used a cold compress and supported her until she came around which was just like a couple of minutes. am i on the right track?
is sleep sex also known as sexsomnia a real disorder?
could i be pregnant. my boyfriend and i had sex for the first time on december . we used a condom and he did not ejaculate during sex. i bled a little after because it was my first time. however on december  my period came. i was not due until december . i had heavy bleeding and cramping for  days so other than it coming early it was a normal period. could i be pregnant? i had a headache this morning and am a tiny bit worried.
is it safe to take a hot bubble bath in early pregnancy? . i'm  weeks pregnant and i unknowingly took an extremely hot bubble bath. the water was hot enough to make me sweat. i kept my arms and upper body out of the water and i got out after  minutes. ijust want to make sure that i didn't cause any harm to my baby.
my son will not let me clean out his ears and they look really dirty what should i do he is  / almost 
i have abdominal discomfort everyday do i need endoscopy?
what illnesses often co-exist with bipolar disorder?
how long does it take for testicles to be completely full of semen? at that point it should be at maximum sensitivity? . the goal of this question is to understand how to attain abstinence since i'm a single divorced man. i figure if i can understand the science of this question it will allow me to have a goal in mind (for lack of a better term) that will give me hope in knowing that my penis will be as sensitive as it can be at that moment of which the semen is completely full. . at that point i think it will ease my mind and allow myself to just get used to being that sensitive all of the time. thank you.
i have persistent leucocytosis .  for  year. treatment with antibiotics didnt reduce the wbc count?
i am  could i have breast cancer? . i am  years old and a few months ago i had an itchy and painful rash on both nipples. i had orange discharge and my skin was peeling off in layers. i went to the doctor and i was prescribed a cream that healed the rash. a few months later i have been having slight chest pains occasionally and thick white discharge from both nipples only when squeezed. one of my breasts seems lower than the other but only by a small amount. i can't feel any bump and i don't have a family history.
knee pain? . more details to my last question. the knee pain i had last april lasted about a week did not seek medical attention for that one. how can i tell if my knee is swollen or has any torn ligamnets? should i go have my knee checked out? will just wearing a knee brace get rid of the knee pain? . . another question-is it bad to have a shoulder that poping sounds while exercising it like doing lateral raises? it is my left shoulder and cracks numerous times a day. is that bad.
is it true that it isn't good to do the same exercise every day to allow muscles to rebuild with a -hour break?
late period bloated upper stomach occasional dizziness and nausea. what could it be? . im  yrs old and my period is  weeks late although my last period was  weeks early. i occasionally get very dizzy and feel nauseous. i've noticed my upper stomach above my belly button feels hard sometimes and seems like everytime i eat it feels like i ate way too much when i don't. i took a pregnancy test and it came out negative and i have been gaining wait slowly over the last couple years. what could it be. pregnancy vertigo reaction due to the weight gain or something else?
my son has been experiencing leg pain we are not getting any answers and hes suffering?
after using cocaine a month ago if you were to shave your hair would the hair that grows in still test positive?
feeling hot frequently but no fever no body ache or any other symptoms. i am feeling hot at specific intervals during the day for the past  week but the temperature never crosses  deg. my skin heats up but temperature drops back to normal after  minutes. i tried paracetamol for  days but the symptoms continue. there are no other symptoms like general weakness body pain muscle pain sweating prolonged fever rashes swellings headaches or migraines. my food intake is normal. is this a symptom of tb or malaria or any other parasitic or bacterial infection?
my .  yo son had henoch-schonlein purpura (hsp) developed severe joint pain so bad he can hardly walk?
can transplant be considered for someone whose kidneys have not yet failed?
does chronic constipation lead to prostatitis?
can lettuce cause me to have diarrhea? . we think lettuce is causing diarrhea. we don't know what else it could be. every week for about a month now if i eat lettuce or my boyfriend eats it it causes diarrhea and stomach pain. one time it has even caused us to have stomach flu symptoms.
testicle pain thought it was epidydamitis ultrasound negative for both torsion and epidydamitis. that was on left testicle. days later in shower right testicle appeared horizontal not vertical no pain just scared. i layed down for an hour and it looks normal now but i'm worried my testes are twisting and untwisting and that it will reoccur in my sleep. afraid to sleep have sex or exercise due to torsion. i'm so paranoid how can i get over this fear that i have a reoccurring condition that the doctors missed? should i ask to have them stitched in place to ease my mind? getting depressed
what are some slang terms for condoms?
where can i get a blank drug sheet to list my meds to take to the doctor with me?
how do you prevent freckles and dark patches or age spots on the face? are there any special skin treatments?
im  weeks pregnant and im in a lot of pain?
i was shot in my left eye with an bb gun at age  and i am blind in it. can you help me to regime my sight.
stomach swollen and hair loss and lump on side of neck and extremly tired but no chance of pregnacy help please. also urinating a lot and thirsty and itch palms
i suffer from a neurological disease (cmt disease) if i get my ankle fused would i walk properly?
is it possible to have broken a shinbone without experiencing a major event or pain? . about a week ago i felt a bruise on my shin. could not recall a fall or impact. the pain has since receded but i now feel a small bump that appears to be on the bone inferred from the fact that pressure to the bump does not cause soft tissue movement and feels solid. additionally it hurts the direct area i press on and there is a small visible bump. otherwise there is no pain i can walk run or jump normally no tenderness with normal touch or contact and no discoloration of the area.
when should i worry about vaginal discharge?
how men should do kegel exercises for fecal incontinence
i suffer from olfactory hallucination (phantosmia) for over ?
high blood pressure. i have been monitoring my blood pressure for a couple of weeks. my readings have been steadily getting higher. it was / and feeling dizzy fatigued have a headache tightness in chest and vision is a little blurry. i have been out of blood pressure meds for about a month not able to see primary doctor. should i go to er or just try and get some rest?
what is osteoporosis?
my boyfriend has a severe bladder infection. did he get it from having sexual intercourse w/a female? . my boyfriend is circumcised. he has puss constantly seeping from his penis. he went to er and they tested his urine and the diagnosis was a bladder infection. the physician told him its more like an std because he got it from having sexual intercourse with a female.
the question is below. sorry it wouldn't fit. in the question box. i just need help im so worried and confused about it. i think my m vagina is sensitive idk why like every time i masturbate it hurts and burns after. is there something wrong with it.?
painful sores around genital areas.  outbreak.  outbreak i went to urgent care and got tested. negative std panel. painful sores around genital areas- outbreak.  outbreak-about .  years ago i went to urgent care-negative std panel and no bacteria grew on the sample. me and my husband do have oral herpes. sores are not in clusters. no puss is coming out possible blood.  large sore in several spots around the genitals. painful itchy burn so bad when i urinate. my husband doesn't get these sores at all. please so i can know i'm not the only one and cure it or manage it.
"can the application of the product ""biofreeze"" to the penis cause long term damage? . during a sexual encounter the pain relieving gel was applied to my penis and it has been a few day since the experience and the pain still persists."
what blood sugar levels are considered normal and what levels are diabetic?
should i get the regular flu shot now or wait till the swine flu shot is available?
i have a  year merana iud i havent a period in  yrs im bleeding heavy clots with cramps back pain. i havent had sex in weeks could i be pregnant
can being overweight lead to health problems?
i just had flu and my cough will not go away. i've had a mild fever for  days. pain in left chest/back when coughing. also cannot take deep breath without a big coughing session.
can a cystic fibrosis child have a normal sweat chloride level?
im  years old and my skin has been really flaky since around the summer time. my husband has the same problem. we aren't sure what causes it. we take baths regularly. well i'm not so sure about him but he still washes up. i was in a car wreck and i have ruptured blood vessels in my legs and my husband had a stroke but he's been doing quite well. thats besides the point but we would like to know why we have flakey skin all over our body. we also use lotion a lot to sooth the itchiness from the loss of skin cells.
my son got a scrape on his elbow. there appears to be a rash where the bandage was. could this be an allergic reaction? . at first they were just bumps but now they appear white almost puss like. i do not know what type of bandage was used since this happened at school.
does my mri explain as to why am i feeling lost and confused?
i had dengue fever feel numbness losing my vision broke into cold sweat?
what is the sweat chloride level in cystic fibrosis?
new born  month old nephew is suffering from feet gangrene doctor want to amputate toes?
i am  years old. i have medicare and anthem blue cross blue shield plan f. . medicare is taken from my social security and i pay $ for anthem monthly with an additional $.  for part d. how will the affordable care act affect me?
hello i've recently been diagnosed with hep c. i am experiencing mod-severe pain in my back right side is this normal. normally i've been reading about people experiencing abdomen pain. but this pain is in my back a couple inches below my shoulder blade on my right side. heat is the only thing that seems to make it better. i am also  weeks pregnant i just found out i caught hep c from the father and i cannot seek treatment until the baby is born. is the pain something i should be worried about or is it normal?
can a hernia in my stomach untie my tubes? and cause me to be pregant?
what is the best over the counter cough medicen to take while taking tamiflu? . tamiflu is helping it seems but i am still coughing and i am sore from the cough. is there a really good cough med that will make it easier to rest?
i am having constipation problem and a feeling of incomplete evacuation. how to solve it?
what do you do if you have low  critically low vitamin d low testosterone headaches hand tremors insomnia aller
is it good for your body to constantly change from cold temperatures of * to hot temperatures of * every  hours? . was wondering how weather climitazation affects the body and if it would be better just to let your body climitize to the hot weather for longer before returning to the cold a/c and staying in the cold lopnger then for shorter periods of time so your body temperature has time to adjust instead of constantly changing?
what is the safe drug to treat hypertension on pregnant woman? is clonidine the drug of choice?
possible hiv/std exposure question. thanks in advance. . i recently had protected sex with someone and we stopped. he took off the condom and then a little later re-entered me with no condom for about a minute or less but did not cum. he did cum later that evening but on my chest. what is the risk of this behavior? . . i recently also had someone (different person) who i performed oral sex on (i sucked his member). he did not cum in my mouth but i did deep throat. how risky is this behavior (if at all? ). also is a modern test accurate after - weeks
i am thinking of taking a hangover prevention pill. just wondering if these work?
i have been using minoxidil lotion on my scalp prescribed by a hair loss clinic im now very worried that im going to have a heart attack?
my mother underwent tuberculosis (tb) treatment now started getting fever is it incomplete cure or relapse of tb?
my -year-old daughter is taking a steroid nasal spray. is it ok to give her children's tylenol plus cough & runny nose?
"is vertigo related to ear pain? . i've been having an acute pain in my ear that comes and goes. the pain only lasts for very brief seconds then it goes away. i also awake with ""juicy"" ears this repeats during the day with itchiness. today i had vertigo for several hours; everything was spinning nausea and headache. last time my doctor said i was dehydrated. but now that happened again i wonder if my ear symptoms are related with it if so what could be possibly wrong with my ear? (infection allergy? ) thanks in advance."
i have a spot on my face can it be dangerous?
can fibromyalgia affect the adrenal glands?
i had  previous discectomy operations i am currently in severe pain in my lower back?
had sex with my fiance last night. after we finished i noticed he had a tick on his penis. my fiance and i went on a hike on a pennsylvania trail  days ago. we had sex last night. after we finished i noticed he had a tick on his penis. we removed it and went to sleep. this morning there seems to be a bump where the tick was. are we both at risk of getting lime disease?
if i get pregnant while on the depo could it cause birth defects to the baby?
sharp pain lower abdomen
why do new dads get depressed?
is it okay to take potassium supplements?
is a spacer needed to effectively use an inhaler?
can whopping cough cause problems with breathing or choking in adults? . i have whopping cough and i am  years old. i also have wegner's granutomilousis. for the past week i have had. problems sleeping because i wake up gagging and i can't catch my breath for sometimes over a minute.
breathed in welding fumes pressure on left side of head confusion and nasal drainage. i was welding on stone steps and there was some type of sealant on the steel part ground it off some left over and melted into fumes while welding i feel confused at times and have a feeling of pressure on back left side of head with nasal drainage. er doctor said it was a cold and gave me cold medicine. i believe he was no help since i do not have insurance. today is third day with this feeling scared it's permanent. started fasting and detoxing to rid body of toxins. advice please! . thanks.
what surgery options do i have for obsessive-compulsive disorder ocd?
are there any differences between the way people  and over should care for their hair from how younger people do?
my husband sometimes seems drunk but says he hasn't had any alcohol. what else can cause slurred speech and droopy eyes? . when he gets like this he swears he isn't drunk but his speech is slurred his eyes are droopy or bloodshot and he is slightly unsteady. maybe he's just exhausted. he gets very little sleep probably  hours a night average. but i have this nagging doubt and it's really causing problems for us. could it be anything else? he's also very overweight and has high blood pressure (controlled by medication) and is on cholesterol-lowering medication and diuretics. thank you so much for the help.
i have yellow puss oozing from a cut/laceration in my nostril no injury to this nostril. very painful! . i have yellow puss coming out of laceration inside the nostril. i thought it was a pimple at first. i have pulled out what seems to be clumps of puss/infection maybe. it is extremely painful. it oozes constantly. i try to keep it from scabbing so it can drain. i have had no injury to that nostril. any idea what it can be or how i can treat it?
can i use albuterol sulfate in two hours instead of four?
i have migraine headaches blurred vision disoriented slurred speech fever weakness nothing is helping me?
is there a test to tell if mono is gone? . my son is  and has mono. he was sick for a couple of week before it was determined that he had mono. no it has been  weeks and he is feeling great. is there a way to tell if he still has mono or can he go back to full daily activities.
i am iron deficient concerned about the side effects of taking ferro grad c
my teen has anxiety which is controlled by medication but dr wants to take him off the medication. why? is this safe? . my son was having hallucinations and was given antipsychotic meds  mos ago.  mos ago he was dx with anxiety and rx anxiety meds. he hasn't had hallucinations since.  months ago dr stopped antipsych meds. he is currently taking anxiety meds. hes doing very well and still no hallucinations. dr wants to lower dose of anxiety meds til he is no longer on med. his anixety was so severe it caused hallucinations. is it possible for a teen to outgrow anxiety to the point no med is necessary?
how do the salmonella bacteria cause disease and how is it diagnosed?
i drink water and i immediately feel bloated and i burp. if i drink anything else i am ok. what can it be?
i was fooling around with my girlfriend and i end up ejaculation on(outside) her vagina. will this get her pregnant? . me and my girlfriend were making out and started fooling with each other and we end up naked and we started rubbing our genitals with each other. i ejaculated outside on her vagina. is there any chance that she will get pregnant?
what is syrup of ipecac. and how do i use it?
does niacin cause cancer? . i have started taking niacin to increase my hdl. for the last  months i have taken  a day and had  beer a day. both were things i found on several wed sites to increase hdl. most other things listed i was already doing. my hdl was  and after  months it was . i was planning on stopping the beer a day and continuing the niacin to see which was causing the improved results. then a co-worker said he was told niacin can cause cancer.
if i were to take xanax  mg. prescribed to me thursday night would it be out of my system by sunday evening? driver. i want to be responsible. i have had some life changes that have caused anxiety and my doctor prescribed me to take  mg of xanax for only emergencies along with well butrin. however i drive for a living and i don't want to take any chances with my livelihood. i don't want to have any in my system while working. i will not start if there is no way of avoiding this problem. thank you
what can health care providers do to prevent extensively drug-resistant (xdr) tuberculosis?
had pulmonary heart failure taking statins i now think statin drugs would probably kill me before my heart would?
do i have costochondritis?
what causes high blood pressure?
can i take benadryl while taking propranolol  mg?
what should i do if exercise is painful?
"diagnosis- hidradenitis suppurativa- large and painful boils in the groin area. considering injections. success rate? . this condition started  years ago and exacerbated with shaving. it is extremely painful cannot be improved with excessive hygiene is embarrassing has resulted in multiple scars and had a psychological effect on me also. i am considering the injections. my dr. said it's botox but i read that it's antibiotic. i just want it to go away! sometimes the boils last - weeks. can it be permanently cured or go into a ""remission period""? it's so gross!"
what is bipolar disorder?
what types of problems can x-rays detect?
my son is vomiting and nobody can find out why
is athlete's foot contagious?
am i pregnant? . i was on the nuva ring  months ago(took out september )had period - i haven't had a period since then i didn't put a new ring in.  days ago i had unprotected sex and he cummed in me. now im bleeding slightly and my stomach feels like i was doing crunches. its only when i wipe that i see it not on my underwear so i don't think its a period. is this like a sign that my body is starting the pregnancy? please help
i need some help and advice please and thank you well um i was masturbating and um like when i was done i got up to. like stand up and i felt this like sharp pain in like my lower abdomen and like the pain spread from my lower abdomen and up. but i kinda tried something new and different and like idk what to do now. well the new and different things i tried was um i masturbated with markers like i put  markers in my vagina and like it felt good for like a few minutes later it started to hurt and burn like really really bad and idk why. i been in pain for  days now. idk what to do. the markers were smooth
i have horrible pain along my right leg?
my daughter is on adderall xr  mg. can she take sudafed pe for allergies?
what is peyronies disease?
is there going to be a certain website or location to sign up for health insurance?
period is a week early  months in a row. i know for sure im not pregnant. should i be worried? . i have been somewhat stressed and fatigued and i have started working out - times a week.
how is nausea or vomiting treated?
i had inguinal hernia surgery (laparoscopic) pain hasnt gone away?
my period only last - hours which is my norm. is that why i've had  yrs of no luck getting pregnant? . my husband and i have been trying for two years to have a child. i'm turning  next month and in my family after  equals issues. my normal period is only - hours. could this be preventing me from getting pregnant?
should a late thirties female double transplant kidney-pancreas be able to have children? . could it harm her in any way to get pregnant? . she is in her  year since her transplants
what are the defects of drinking hot (tea coffee etc. ) and cold water in paper cups? . al hamim hashim. ehs engineer trainee. larsen & toubro limited. sharjah. uae
how should i treat any yeast infections i get while i am pregnant?
if i'm allergic to ciproflaxin can i take cefuroxime axetil oral?
i think my urethra ripped open (male). hi. i'm a -year old male and i think my urethra ripped open. my glans have been irritable for about the past month or so. it was not until today that i seriously tried looking at my penis to find the issue. it seems my urethra ripped open slightly above where my urine used to come out but that tear isn't healing or closing up. the normal hole is however. i've never masturbated (it's not a moral or religious reason but just a preference) but i have ejaculated while asleep many times.
how do i register for a new health insurance plan? will i be able to keep my plan from this previous year if i want to? . why am i being threatened to choose a plan? of course i want health care and i am a veteran. will i be able to also go to the va hospital if i need or want to? as a veteran and a retiree why do some of my medications cost more at the va?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of lidopain?
where can i get a blank drug sheet to list my meds to take to the doctor with me?
should i be stimulating my babys gums with those finger tools? when should i start brushing her teeth?
what income do you use when buying health insurance if you are retired?
"my docter just put me on a  calorie diet. is it safe? . i have high blood pressure and as he put it a ""fatty liver"" he wants me to lose the weight quickly and told me that exercise wont do anything and that the diet im already on  isn't good enough. he also said no fruit or juice no salt no starches and only fish and maybe chicken but only once in a while. i feel like this isn't safe and it makes me very nervous."
how is a prostate exam done?
what can you do if your teeth have stains after your braces are removed?
can you get lice by being next to someone?
does osteoarthritis cause cartilidge in your nose to disappear or become less. my friend has noticed that in the last few weeks that the cartilage in her nose ears and toes has become obsolete. she suffers with fibromyalgia and has a had a full hysterectomy. she does not take any hormone replacement and she is in her mid 's. in addition she has never had a bone scan. any help?
what are cures for painful breast cysts? . last year i was called in for an ultrasound on my right breast as my mammogram came back abnormal. it was diagnosed as a cyst. it is located on the outside of my right breast close to my underarm. it has become extremely painful on some days ignorable on others. any suggestions for relief?
can erythromycin opthamolic ointment be taken with cipro oral tablets? . i used erythromycin opthamolic ointment for blepharitis ( hours ago) and i also have a skin infection behind my ear. i have some cipro in the house and was wondering would it be safe to use the cipro. ultimately i would think it best to use erythromycin for the two different infections.
i had strep about  weeks ago i finished the azithromycin  days ago. my throat is sore again. should i get retested?
my granddaughter has been diagnosed with coxsackie disease?
i am  day post op from a knee replacement and i have a few patches of red?
anus too close to vagina
is heat or cold good for sciatica. my mother is in terrible pain. the dr thinks it is sciatica. they have given her. vicodin but it really is not helping. would an icebag or heat be. helpful. thx
what is the solution for erectile dysfunction and premature ejaculation?
i'm  i smoke  to  cigarettes daily don't exercise eat unhealthy stuff and feel sometimes pain on my chest. my lifestyle is anything but healthy (but thanks to my duties on university i'm fixing almost everything especially sleep-cycles and diet). something i've never thought about was tobacco tho. an uncle of mine died recently (cancer) and i've become a bit paranoid since in the last  weeks sometimes i feel pain on my chest. it's not specific and it never has the same intensity (sometimes it's at the ''center'' of my chest sometimes on ''left'' or ''right''). it's never intense. what should i do?
" months without a period and very active - days after first day of period. when should i take a pregnancy test? . i have very a very irregular cycle and i got my period on // after  months of no period. i was active during my ""fertile"" days (- days after first day of period) and now // i'm not quite sure when i should take a test. everyone says after your missed period but i might not even have another period for the rest of the year."
can swimming pool chemicals cause eczema
how can i introduce more vegetables into my childs diet?
can laser hair removal treatments on neck hurt vocal chords?
when will the medication for my overactive bladder begin working?
my mother is suffering from a medical condition of displacement in back bone?
i have blood in urine convinced it could be cancer?
if i have had pleurisy three times in the last three months will a flu shot help my situation?
i am  and pregnant with my fourth child. do i need to see a high-risk obstetrician (ob)?
can snoring cause a sore throat
can u have the measles vaccine if u are allergic to penicillin
as widower & sr. citizen how can i relieve my sex stress. i feel shy asking women.
what is wrong with my spleen? .  years ago i was in a car accident and my spleen was bruised and damaged. the pain i got when this happened has recently returned. it spreads all down my left side especially under my rib. the pain is unbearable! it is making me feel sick i've lost my appitite and feel constantly tired. what could be wrong with me? should i go to a&e?
could putting splenda in my drinks or food be harmful to me?
how can i eat edamame?
took morning after pill second period late by a month? . had sex slightly over two months ago and the condom failed. i took the morning after pill the next morning and got my period two days later. however it's now been nearly two months and i haven't had another period. could i still be pregnant despite having had that period?
i just had my gallbladder removed today and i'm asking can i take gas x and pepto bismol at the same time? . i don't think the gas x is working enough because i still have these really bad air bubbles and the box says you can only take  within a  hour period so is there something else i can take with it? also something made me throw up and i don't know if it was something i ate earlier today or the water that is in the tea? please help.
how many cc of water should a person drink in  day
i have sharp pain (hurts to breathe) every night when i sleep on my left side or back for longer than ten minutes. . this has been going on for almost two years. when spoons started i consulted my ob/gyn about it they said it was nothing. however last year i had a kidney infection -on the right side. i had x-rays and an ultrasound with no stones. i took antibiotics and the infection cleared up after a few days. i've been worried since the pain on my left hasn't subsided. should i seek a urologist? thanks
how are the tax credits/government subsidy imposed? . are they applied to the monthly premium or are you reimbursed during the following tax year?
do pinworms attach their eggs to hair roots. if i tweeze particularly annoying body hairs i find a white sac attached to the root of hair and there is usually another hair growing out of the same root and poor but it is sometimes shorter and sometimes a different texture
how soon can the blood test detect if you have genital herpes. if you get the blood test after you have had unprotected sex with someone who has herpes and it comes back negative is there still a chance you can have the herpes virus
can i take too much vitamin d?
i suffer sleep deprivation through what appears to be electromagnetic sensations?
my daughter had a gastroenteritis bug?
what would happen if i took two of my adhd pills to focus better? i take  mg of vyvanse i'm inly supposed to take . the title says it all
 months after bilateral grommets still in agony! . i had bilateral grommets fitted in july and im still in agony. i've asked my dr could it be mastoiditis as i've been told symptoms are very alike and he just laughed and forgot about it. my symptoms are:. feeling ill swelling and a lump behind ears waking up because i lay on the side of my head but with pain yellow/white fluid leaking from ears and head aches. also this pain effect both sides of whole sides of heads/jaws and my hearing is effected.
i have a herniated lumbar disc   and have weakness and numbness in my left leg and foot?
.  degree temp. for  old child
will storing non boiled water in thermo flask cause bacteria to grow? . hi . i recently started drinking non boiled water from a thermo flask ( sometimes kept for  or  days ) and ever since i started this i am getting cold mild fever or non stop sneezing without a break for over  weeks now. i used to go to gym before and i was fit everything was fine and cool until now. i have heard that water kept in dark area is prone to generate bad bacteria and can this be the cause for my trouble. any expert opinion on this? . thanks
why my glucose level drop so much after consuming glucose doctor is puzzled and cannot give any answer?
i have back problems shoulder neck back pain – mri shows numerous issues?
i am deteriorating quickly – do i have multiple sclerosis (ms)?
what exams and tests help doctors to evaluate or test people for atopic dermatitis?
bumps on tongue. i want to identafie and cure?
can zantac cause a false positive drug test
what are the symptoms of teen depression?
can i take too many vitamins? if so what can happen?
i am a  year old female who has adhd and ocd adderall is causing some problems?
i am  and i had a pomeroy tubal ligation almost five years ago. what are my chances of it failing and pregnancy? . recently during the past two years i have had a lot of female problems missed periods spotting lactating breast tenderness ect. i have had a hsg done and the doctors were confused by the dye and my blood vessels. i was also told that i could go into menopause early but im only . than later i was told that i was ok on early menopause to not worry but that my hormones are way to high for my age. please help i need answers so if pregnancy does occur i know what to expect.
what causes very thick nails on  of my toes. index and middle on left foot and index on right foot. nail is very thick and also looks like it could be pulled up from from the nail bed where it connects at the cuticle of the toe. no pain or anything like that - just terrible to look at and i'm sure there has to be something wrong.
do i have cirrhosis or a fatty liver?
when should i call a doctor about hives?
i have a tattoo that i want to get removed by laser. how do choose a reputable place and how many treatments do i need?
what types of injections are used to treat osteoarthritis?
i went for an x-ray and found out i have a faecal overload?
im a  year old with chronic pain cognitive changes such as severe memory issues painful sensitive skin -everyone is stumped? -very scared.
what is the difference between bi-polar and schizophrenia?
what can i do to lose weight since i can't exercise because of a back problem. . i have had  back surgeries  years ago in one year. i have degenerated disc disease and it hard for me to just walk. i have gain weight and i also had a stint put in. i am worry that with the weight gain what might happen to my heart. i hope you can help me. thank you.
since i was  i've been contact sensitive to water. the pain is immense and i never got it checked out. should i? . i'm  now and it's still ongoing. anytime i take a shower get in a pool go into a lake go into a stream or even sweat. my skin feels like it's on fire. its a deep pain mainly in my legs but everywhere. it can leave me immobilized for a couple of hours at most. nothing shows up on my skin no rashes no legions nothing. which is why i know it's deep. depending on what water contact i have the time it starts differs. if i shower it's immediate if im in a pool it happens when i get out
i have discharge from my eyes spreading throughout my body?
is zinc an effective cold remedy?
i have bacterial vaginosis? will my boyfriend need treatment? and if he doesnt will i get it back?
chances of getting pregnant from precum a day after period
my doctor just scared the life out of me!
my wife has had an ilia conduit operation  years ago & has a stoma bag crystals forming with burning sensation?
spots appeared on my areola now flaking?
i had line on from my under stomech to navel. am i pregnant? m in my  week of my period cycle. can i take pregnancy test. today  jan . my period day s  jan . am i pregnant?
i was diagnosed with plantar fasciitis ten years ago i was injectead with corticosteroids
what causes high blood pressure?
high blood pressure trying to regulate it with beta blockers what should blood pressure be to use viagra? . if a man has high blood pressure and his doctor is trying to regulate it with beta blockers (which are causing ed like symptoms) what should his blood pressure be in order for him to safely use viagra?
what can i expect during week  of my pregnancy?
i feel like i'm not getting enough air when breathing normallly. so i've tried smoking multiple times with friends probably a grand total of - times including cigarettes marijuana and hashish over a span of  years. it doesn't hurt and does not affect my daily life but it still does bother me; and to be frank just scares me. . i know that smoking does cause lung/heart disease my family does have a history of heart disease and strokes and i personally have a minor case of asthma. using my inhaler (which the last time i used was - years ago) helps.
my egg was released on cycle day  and i had unprotected sex on cycle day  could i be pregnant? . my periods are usually - days per month. my last period was sept -. i had unprotected sex and my partner did not pull out and on the  i'm pretty sure i ovulated because i had one bad cramp in my lower right abdominal area that lasted about  hours. is there a possibility of pregnancy?
can you explain what  will do to help balance out a thyroid that has come back as being normal based on testing?
what triggers eczema in children?
is more masturbating effects on sex life like decrease in penis size sprem count down thin sized penis early ejaculatn? . sir i have my penis hard and pretty thick before i used to masturbate regularly. actually my problem is now i used to masturbate more than before like  to  times a day;i think my penis is now not as thick as before and ejaculation is soo fast and my sperm is also lower than before. is masturbating too much effected my size and sperm count?
finished my breast cancer treatment joints in my finger are red and swollen it wakes me up all night from painful numbness?
does cholesterol medication aggravate arthritis
my  year old has stomach cramps feeling nauseous and no appetite?
my wifes birthcontrol was filled at a higher strenght by mistake she took one pill then realized it. . she has not missed a pill but took a higher strength first. then continued with the lower strength ones. should she be worried about getting pregnant?
what medication can be used for minor throat and chest pain following endoscopy?
when we start intercourse the stimulation is not enough to maintain an erection. . i can still achieve orgasm through masturbation. i have high blood pressure and take enalipril maleate.
my son  fell of bike and his penis is now bruised and little swollen does he need to be seen? . he hit it on the metal bar and im worried about how this will effect him in future?
is it ok to exercise with a cold? . i have a cold and i just started getting back into exercising. i have a lot of trouble sticking to my exercise plans but i've been doing well. now i have a cold and i skipped one day of exercise but i'm afraid to keep skipping exercise days. i usually just do the elliptical for - minutes  days a week. is it ok to work out with a cold or will i make the cold worse? i'm on about day  or  with the cold (i feel it mostly in my chest) and my colds usually last a couple of weeks.
my skin is starting to look a little dry even wrinkled. i am  and was wondering if there is something i should do.
i had my last period in early january due date is oct . normal? . i had my last period the first week of january and found out i'm currently between - weeks. the last time i had sex with my ex was late november/early december. if my due date is october  is it possible for the pregnancy to take that long to finally affect me? i haven't slept with anyone else since him but was wondering if there is someway that maybe the conception took longer? please help me get a little more at ease
i dislocated my toe doctor wants to have pin surgery need second opinion?
how long will it take to get cured of lichen planus?
what is my risk of pregancy when i switch the pill to a different brand with different hormones. was on viorele for about one year (desogestrel and ethinyl estradiol) but recently switched to altavera (levonorgestrel and ethinyl estradiol). i have just completed the first packet and am on the inactive pill. four days into these my period is late and i have had sex in the past week. previously i would have expected to have had my period start about now. is the lateness due to the switch and my body adjusting or has the switch in hormones increased my risk of pregnancy?
is there some kind of injection you can get into your scalp to make your hair grow faster?
i am postmenopausal. can i still get pregnant? . i am  years old and have not had a period since may .
my hair is falling. please help!
what can you put on bites from fire ants?
i have an overactive bladder need advice?
is fluid on the brain the same as pneumonia on the brain
can i get any stds if my husband has performed oral sex on an infected partner and then perform oral sex on me?
perimenopause at ; serious hot flashes night sweats nausea. weight gain rages/mood swings. i am not the average  year old. i have had  pregnancies resulting in  live births. my mom had a complete hysterectomy at  due to excessive bleeding (don't have all the details). shorter periods heavier day  and  barely there day  and . also weird brain farts like forgeting debit card pin. hyopthyrodism- mcg synthroid daily with normal levels for over  years. bipolar  lithium zoloft lorazapam daily.
lower back pain – what should i do?
what does wrecked mean? . vi udbetaler danmarks højeste skrotpræmie for din skrot bil. alt har interesse. vi køber skrotbiler brugte biler varevogne skadede biler firehjulstrækkere ×. <link>
how do i get started with exercise?
how do fat absorption inhibitors work? will i really have anal leakage?
my left side testicle is hurting and pissing blood?
how long is a cold contagious?
my nose is bleeding and eyes are bloodshot red and i cant taste my food?
can my child get adhd from protein spill when pregnant?
my husband closed his finger in the door it is swollen and has a blood clot what should we do?
i have a flu right now. is it okay to take a bath? my mother says so but she's not something i would consider credible. .
hit head on headboard neck/shoulder pain lessening but still worried. continue using cold compress or go to doc? . no nausea no dizziness no memory issues eyes normal. still hurting at base of skull nearest to neckline left side of neck around collarbone area and at start of shoulder.
i have struggled with a urinary tract infection (uti) been on antibiotics  times?
how often can i give my infant steriod inhalers? .  month old is taking flovent. dr said to give it to her when ever she starts to get a deep cough and continue for  weeks. finished the  weeks approx.  weeks ago and my daughter has developed a deep persistent cough again.
dealing with being nauseous for a couple months it feels like my body is poisoned
i cant eat anything without throwing up?
i was born with bladder extrophy how to reduce kidney pain and get better?
does lexapro take a long time to start working?
what does baby eczema look like?
one who has medicare also needs a supplement; is there help from ocare with our supplement?
can i get my hair dyed while pregnant?
i tried to push out a mole that was in my skin and now its popping out how do i natural make it go back the way it was
what is refractory celiac disease?
what is the treatment for shingles? should i visit my health-care professional?
where is west nile more likely to occure?
my son's symptoms started like a cold (runny nose and a slight temp) but now has pus draining from his blood shot eyes. there was an increase in drainage tonight when he was in the bath tub. the areas around his eyes are puffy and slightly discolored. he was a little lethargic yesterday but he was more like himself today until right before bedtime when he seemed more tired than usual. we didn't take his temp two days ago but it seemed elevated so we gave him a little ib profin.
i had a dull pain in my lower right stomach need a second opinion?
i feel i pass out from any type of physical exertion including very light physical exertion?
please help im a  years old college freshman could i be pregnant? . last period was jul  i moved   and havent had my period this month and im regular the  of this month me and my bf was makin out he had pulled himself out of hispants and rub me for  sec then got a condom but i didnt want sex he tried goin in but i kept movin being a virgin he barely got pass the hole could i be pregnant with me already lateand wat happened? idk if he pre-*** bc he rubbed like he was tryin to get me more wet or he wasnt did the same after pttin the condom on
left chest pains while running. -  year old male african american. - high school track star - runs most days. - no health issues or injuries. - feels severe( - .  out of ) pains in left chest when running. very rarely appears but consistently reoccurs. - most often happens when running stuffy room (treadmill) or when overdressing (too heavy clothes for the weather). - brought it up with my regular pediatrician who said she did not know what it was and that i should get back to her if it reoccurs.
how can i help myself? things like exercise meditation (stress relief) and proper diet? it is getting very distracting. stress incontinence? . saw a doctor got blood and urine tests everything looked normal. no std's hiv etc. got a prostate exam said it may be slightly enlarged. can't sit for more than - minutes without feeling like i've leaked. doctors had no answers but to go for an ultrasound in a month- i'm a student and this problem is getting very distracting irritating and more stressful! . standing up causes the leakage feeling too after some time.
how can i get rid of those red scars which then make a pit on my face? . i already have some pits on my face which were once red scars i'm  and have been suffering from whitehead acne for  yrs. the acnes are rare now and i'm using % salisylic acid on my face every day. but the main problem are the scars any peeling cream? . by the way is using azithromycine  useful to get rid of future acne and how should i use it?
ive been suffering from pressure and pain behind eyes for almost three years?
what do i do if my blood sugar is  and i have congestive heart failure and never noticed sugar problems before? . my friend checked my sugar and it was  and  mins later it was  and i have been very thristy and sleepy. i have not noticed a problem with my bllod sugar before. i have had this problem with my levels being no less than  as my blood sugar and today is the third day since i have been checking it! please respond back asap!
tested first time bs fast  pp  and s. chol . is choles due to diabetes or otherwise or both are independant?
 days away from period ovulated on  and condom broke no ejaculation. i'm freaking out and this just happened when he felt the condom pop he pulled out immediately ive already ovulated because i can feel it and that happened on the  day i'm due in  days now and i need to know if i should get the morning pill or not someone please help me i'm terrified and i don't know what to do. i'm young and i always use protection when i'm sexually active with my boyfriend. i've never done it without protection. we just used a different condom this time
what is the difference between dementia and alzheimer's? . my  year old mother has been diagnosed with vascular dementia and the nurses at the home keep asking me why i don't put her on a drug like razadyne. from what i have read this drug is for patients with early stage alzheimer's correct? and what is the difference really between the two?
implantation bleeding or hymen broken? . it started a day after intercourse. my first sex was a few weeks ago and it didnt bleed. the day before the bleeding was my fourth time. im confused whether this could be implantation bleeding or just my hymen finally breaking? the bleeding is going on for four days now. it started with bright red blood then brown on the next day then red again on the next  days. no cramping at all. this is the fourth day im bleeding (moderately). not enough to be a period. im due in  days. what could this be?
i had mri showed advanced intracranial atrophy is it too soon to have another mri?
what problems would an overdose of otc potassium cause?
what is a pelvic ultrasound?
had pulmonary heart failure taking statins i now think statin drugs would probably kill me before my heart would?
my  year old son has been running a fever of .  and now has a bad cough he says that everything hurts
unexplained headaches  does mri show problem?
painful nodule on bottom of foot two more now any type of stretching causes excruciating pain?
im on birth control but have some brown spotting before my period. now my period is a week early. is this normal?
my blood work showed inflammation. i have crohns disease do i need steroids?
two days after my flu shot my arm started aching. six weeks later and my arm still hurts. should i call my doctor?
can sleep deprivation impair my judgment?
what medications and foods should i avoid before surgery?
does flagyl come in a liquid form?
can the smell of cigarette smoke (from about  feet away) cause long term effects? . people who live below me smoke in their living room sometimes which is directing above my living room. i don't smell it often just more during the winter seasons! the floor is wood and i'm not sure that it is completely sealed appropriately all around. i'm wondering if i need to be worried about really long term effects or if there is something i can do to fix this while i am still in this apartment?
have a killer head & chest upp resp inf for  days & biaxin is not helping. i have a zpack can i take both at once?
what could be causing my scalp to suddenly become dry and flaky?
i burned my hand with hot water and its starting to blister. are there any at-home things i can do to promote healing?
how long will it take a new piercing < to close up for repiercing? . the original piercing was a tad bit crooked and caused some discomfort.
stomach flu in newborn babies. you guys suck! all i want to know is if my newborn gets the stomach flu and a fever what do i do. you can't just give me a straight answer!
bmi of . i am  a woman who is ' weigh  lbs. my breasts are over dd. i am not fat. how can my range be obese? . i have large hips but they are mostly muscle. my breasts are the only other large fat content place on my body. are there better ways of determining a healthy weight?
why is my son having continuous chest congestion?
if somene touched a washcloth with feces germs on it then touched & used a blanket could those germs survive. someone handled dirty laundry ( believed to have feces germs on it) then without washing hands touched and used blanket could those germs be tranfered to blanket ditributed from blanket with each use< or would the germs die?
heart rate at  - at rest. dangerous?
is there a procedure to correct near and far sightedness. i am nearsighted and have to wear reading glasses with my contacts. is there a procedure that would correct both of these eye conditions?
potato in half rub on planter wart for a few weeks? . when i was a kid i had. i had a planter wart on my big toe. i remember at the time my parents took a potato and did not peel it they cut in half and rubbed the white half over the wart. i remember doing this every evening for a week or so and they would discard the potato after using both sides and cutting a new white part over again. so does anyone remember the potato for getting rid of planters wart?
is it normal for lower back pain to start at  weeks pregnant and still be going strong now at  weeks? . pain started at  wks preg. i am now  wks. while at work pain usually starts. im a waitress. it does hurt while at work but when i get home and lie down the pain is excruciating. i can barely move. its really hard to turn over and harder to stand and straighten up to walk. if i get a full nights sleep im usually fine in the morning to start all over again. the pain is really low in my back like almost to my bottom and really feels like bone pain because its so deep. please help!
i have a lump in my right breast that keeps disappearing and reapearing. i have had a lump removed before but the doctor didn't tell me it was cancer or anything and it was in the same breast. but sometimes it is kinda tender but when it disappears i am fine is this something i should be worried about? should i go get it checked? because i have no insurance
should taking clindamycin  mg and sulfamethoxazole-tmp ds for only  hours cause severe diarrhea?
severe gastroenteritis should i stay home? . i have had gastroenteritis for almost  weeks now. the vomiting is getting out of control to the point where i am literally falling asleep with my head over the bed over a trash can. my stomach bulges out so badly that i look  months pregnant. my question is is this an illness where you should stay home? as opposed to the common cold where you can work. i am a cleaner i clean office buildings and hospitals every night with other co workers. please help
whats the best sleep medicine to ask my dr about? . i have a few health problems heart diease fibramialga bulgded disc rls i dont sleep but maybe - hrs a night. i'm just about to my ropes end. can you give me some info please. . .
im  and trying to lose weight. i cant excercise  min before im gasping for air. how can i get a work out in?
what is the best thing you can do for a babys skin?
can prenatal vitamins mess up my menstral cycle?
can cold cause joint pain? i have been working in an office that is not protected from the elements for  months. . can cold cause joint pain? i have been working in an office with no heat for the past  month my knees and other joints hurt so bad i can hardly walk i was about - yesterday and this morning i can't even walk. is this a medical or environmental issue? . one other thing the bathroom is about a  minute walk so i dont drink as much as i should since i have a weak bladder frequently urination. i have notice and increase in smell and dark color of urine. i need relief help.
is sinusitis contagious?
what is causing my extreme fatigue and weightloss? . i had a sudden onset of symptoms three months ago. i have constant fatigue from the minute i wake up to the minute i go to bed. over night i changed from being able to run for miles to struggling to get dressed without needing a lie down. struggle falling asleep but fine once asleep. body feels weak occasional leg numbness and i get muscle twitches in my legs and feet. i originally had lots of palpitations but not so much. i feel very spaced out. weightloss of almost a stone - any ideas why? .
i have had raised bumps on my face for years now?
having dandruff and hairfall. suggest an ayurvedic procedure or medicine.
i will get retiree insurance in  that has a $  lifetime limit is this legal? . i will get retiree insurance in  that has a $  lifetime limit and a $  lifetime prescription limit is this legal?
i have itchy skin at the back of my right thigh what kind of skin condition is this?
i take clonazepam  mg still have severe anxiety while driving. is there some other medication that can help? . while i am driving i get dizzy sweat heart beating out of my chest and sometimes blurry vision. i constantly have to pull over because i feel like im going to die. im terrified. i get so worked up even before i drive to a place ive been to a thousand times. i even have taken my clonazepam and hour prior to leaving to see if that helps but still have anxiety and then i always have to worry about the drive home. i need some kind of stabalizer that can block off whatever triggers anxiety.
is it ok to take a benzodiazepine after a dose of over-the-counter night-time cold medicine?
what is the best diet plan for losing the baby weight if you are not breastfeeding?
is it normal to have radiating heat from sting site after being stung by bee? . was stung by wasp yesterday  times and i am allergic. used epi pen benadryl  times since iced several times and used benadryl cream to sting sites. at initial time of sting experienced shortness of breath and wheezing which took almost  min to get under control with an inhaler too also experienced diarrhea and heavy sweating. sting sites are still swollen very red and painful had small red bumps as well as being about  in diameter. is there concern to have radiating heat from sites?
is it safe to get pregnant if your husband is taking cialis
my son is taking doxycycline for his acne and wants to use clean & clear advantage. is there any drug interaction?
i am a nc resident  years old and recovering from ovarian cancer. currently my only income is my deceased husband's social security of $ a month. my work disability check has ended. my house is paid for and i have a  and money in the bank. how will my cost for affordable health care be determined? will only my small income be considered or will i need to include my home and savings account? i currently have cobra benefits that run out in march .
"i'm /white/male. i've had no sort of check up in years; what should i get a checkup on to make sure i'm healthy? . i'm '""  lightly active and i generally feel healthy except for my weight. i just need some insight as to what i should do to make sure i'm healthy inside and out. i appreciate any response."
how is heart failure treated?
i am taking prednisone can i take benadryl too? . i have a severe case of poison ivy and have been prescribed  of prednisone. i am still itching at night and having trouble sleeping someone told me that taking  benadryl tablets / hour before going to bed will help me get a good nights sleep with no itching. . is it safe to take them together?
i have struggled with a urinary tract infection (uti) been on antibiotics  times?
can transplant be considered for someone whose kidneys have not yet failed?
i have rash on my leg its only got worse it itches and feels hot?
are skin warts a vitamin deficiency? . my daughter has this bumpy little thing about the same color of her skin with a black dot center on her hand. i was wondering if it was skin warts i have never seen one but for what i have read it kind of fits the characteristics of it. are warts caused because of a vitamin deficiency? . how can i clear her skin back to normal now she developed  more in the same hand. need help please! . thanks!
is a ct scan indicated on an  year old male on blood thinners with a tbi? md did not do one. dad died. law suit? . dad  slipped on ice fell face down on cement was taken to local urgent care. he showed no outward symptoms no loss of consciencness but needed stitches in forehead and was horribly bruised. was taking  types of blood thinners. assessed and sent home no ct scan done. died the next day from massive brain bleed. malpractice insurance of the attending physician came back after review saying nothing was done incorrectly. grounds for law suit?
does shingle vaccine help with herpes? i was diagnosed with herpes is it possible for shingles to appear in vaginal area. have not had a herpes outbreak for many years not sexually active yet recently have developed what appears to be herpes outbreak much worse than any before. usually when there was an outbreak it was limited to one spot this time it's at least three
can high fever and chill occur due to kidney stone?
i have been on social security disability since . i get medicare a b and d. . i am also on the qualified medicare beneficiary and a medicaid spend down which i don't need. with my being on disability and medicare i would not need the new marketplace health insurance. is that correct? would you need to be on medicaid in order to qualify?
how can i get rid of tummy cellulite?
what can i do about a blood vessel trobbing in my cheek? . i have crohn's disease and an absess. under the absess is a vein i think that is swelling and painful. i cant see it outside my mouth but it hurts.
i get these sharp pains almost like something is blowing up in the back of my head? . its happens rarely like once or but when it does it really freaks me out because it happens when i'm turning my head and it feels like something inside my brain is popping/blowing up and then when i feel the back of my head with my hand its really hot. and i've tried moving my head in the same direction again but it doesn't repeat its self it seems as if its just really random. do you have any idea what would be causing this?
i awoke with chest pains and sweating. i am  years old. i am nausea and have some back pain. i awoke from dead sleep with chest pains and sweating i took a low dose bayer. i hurt between my breast tender to the touch. sitting and lying down is a lot of discomfort. been up for over  hours. i have eaten  tums. some chest pain goes toward back in center. my bp was high yesterday morning but last night was extremely low.
what are the symptoms of heart disease?
what to use for arthritis pain relief in my fingers. i currently use mobic  for my arthritis. i have very bad arthritis in each finger of both hands. my fingers hurt every day and some of them dont even bend any more. is there anything better than or in addition to mobic that i should be using?
my cholesterol is /. i eat healthy maybe too healthy. i am '  exercise. why is my cholesterol high? . i don't eat much meat. lots of shrimp and fish. i also eat frozen yogurt everyday would that cause it?
what is a good basic skin regimen for improving acne?
"i have been spotting for about  months. i have been spotting for about  months now and i have some pregnancy symptoms such as headaches nausea frequent urination and pressure in my lower abdomen. i have a family history of endometriosis and i am not sure if i have that or not. also i have irregular periods. i have no way into my doctor as of right now. if someone could possibly help me i would appreciate it. thank you in advance. "">"
can this these dots be herpes hpv syphillis or some type of std?
is a medical spa the right place for invasive surgery?
how should i care for my mouth and gums when i have dentures?
my period is a week late and i am still a virgin! i've pretty much been eating once a day could that and stress be why? . money has been tight so we've only been eating one meal a day for almost  weeks and i guess this situation could be stressful. could this be why? & when could it come? i am still a virgin so pregnancy is out of the question. please help?
my wife two girls and i have an individual health insurance policy and don't have access to insurance through work. our humana premium is more than doubling starting january . the cheapest policy through the exchange is worse coverage and almost as expensive even with % of the premium credit applied. what can we do? i can't afford either option.
if u have mutiple sex partners using condoms as a male can u give partner ur not using condoms w/ a yeast infection?
what are the possible causes of paget's disease of the nipple?
retired male experiencing severe cramps in hands
how long should i be off the nuva ring before i even attempt to get pregnant?
is the side-effect of the diet pill phentermine massive headaches?
why would my  year old daughter have a feeling like she is breathing in cigarette smoke? . this has been going on for about  weeks and it is not constant. she also has asthma and says she feels like she can not breathe so i have given her her albuterol inhaler and it helps with the shortness of breath but not with the smoke sensation she is having.
if have no lump on your prostate and no systoms of prostate cancer but your psa is .  should you get a biospy?
daughter  has extremely itchy skin on abdomen back and arms. no rash or redness. tried benedryl and lidocaine creams without reprieve. water seems to help. worse at night. no changes to soaps shampoos etc
i am eligible to go on medicare due to a disability. . i'm having an issue finding a company to get my part c coverage through. i'm told that i'll most likely have to get an advantage plan. what is the difference in the advantage plan and regular medicare? will i also need part d prescription drug coverage if i go with the advantage plan? are there penalties if i decline medicare completely and stay with my private pay insurance?
how long after receiving the shingles vaccine should i wait to be around a newborn baby?
i had sex  days before ovulation. i have nausea and breast tenderness but got my period. can i be pregnant?
i just gave birth two weeks ago it was not a normal birth?
is bacterial pneumonia contagious?
i dont get proper motion (bowel movement) and i am hungry dont know whats wrong?
could my daughter have a health issue? . my daughter is  years old she weighs  pounds and is  inches tall. her pediatricians keep telling me just give her more fruits and veggies but i do. it's rare if i give her any junk she runs around the house but gets tired quickly which is obviously because of her weight. she's outgrown toddler clothing and is into girls sizes she can't wear jeans because they don't fit her right. i just want some answers as to what could be wrong.
my period was  days early and lasted  days but my test were all negative could i be pregnant. i picked up an appetitie. also i've been having this cramp on the right side of my stomach. i took a test  weeks ago and it was negative. then i took another one lastnight and it also was negative. i came on my period october  and it ended october . on the  i was just spotting. i was originally supposed to come on my period october .
i have  dark purple round circles the sizes of a pea. they're spaced apart like a fang bite of a spider. i have them on my butt near my vagina. they dont hurt burn itch. nothing. they look like dark purple moles but like fang bites of a spider. my boyfriend found the exact thing on the base of his shaft. neither of us have had this or didnt notice them. i noticed shaving my bikini area.
my foot is swollen only at the front of the foot not at the ankle. it is now very painful difficulty walking?
i had a cold sore once. can this be passed on to my grandchildren if they kiss me or drink or eat after me? . a few times in y  yrs when i have had a cold sore. can i pass this to my grandchildren by kissing or letting them drink after me. my physician said i would have to have an outbreak for the children to catch it from me. my daughter doesn't believe it and the babies are always wanting to kiss grammie please help as i feel like they will be fine i kissed my own babies ( of them) they drank after me no one ever got a cold sore.
my job said they had health insurance after six months. i've been working there about  years and still no insurance. . how do i apply for affordable health insurance? is there a phone number or website?
i have varicoceles a low sperm count reluctant to get in a relationship with this problem?
had pelvic pain during pregnancy and still have the pain after miscarriage. what could it be? . when i was  wks pregnant i started to have right pelvic pain. i went to the er and everything was fine. i continued to have the pains. they come and go. i had a miscarraige at  weeks. i am still having the pains and it has been  months since the mc. the pain still comes and goes. i have seen my ob about the pain. my hcg levels are back to  and my u/s showed nothing unusal with no cysts. i have no problems with bowel movement or urination. no abnormal bleeding.
is <negative_smiley> considerd a normal blood presure realding for a  year old man?
why would smoked meats make me vomit? . anytime i eat foods like bacon or meats that have been smoked i vomit. it is something that has developed over the last few months i have also been recently diagnosed with a possible milk intolerance.
spots appeared on my areola now flaking?
does monistat contain aspirin or ibuprofen?
if a new born baby test positive for cocaine does that mean the mother was using throughout her pregnancy? . if the mother used crack in the beginning but once she found out she was pregnant claimed to quit using will the new born still test positive for cocaine
what kind of diet is good for a person with pancreatic cancer
on application of selsun blue shampoo my cheek turned white. please help.
hi. my name is roberto writing from italy. i write here because i'd have a question i can't resolve in my hometown. let me introduce me: i'm a karate black belt and i like to study anatomy in order to be as more effective as i can. my question is about windpipe's rings resistance to pressure and/or strikes. in short i'd like to know how much it takes to crush/to flat trachea's cartilages with a sharp strike to the cervical part of the throat. thankyou for your attention and patience.
does a high ths level mean your thyroid is too fast or too slow? . i have graves disease and had my thyroid ablated (i believe that is the correct term) with radioactive liquid. i take sythroid .  currently but have had trouble keeping good levels.
chest pain weakness on the left side and my throat feeling tight on the left side?
i hit my head i have concussion non stop headache vomiting constantly feel dizzy and this morning passed out?
i get a constant ringing in my ears at night mainly? . when i'm just sat down in a quiet place i tend to get ringing in my ears. iv'e had it for a while now and it's just constant at night. i manage to sleep but it's just frustrating!
what cold medicine can i safely give to my -year-old child that is taking concerta?
how can osteoarthritis be prevented?
what feels just like a urinary track infection but isn't? . i'm  have ra and am on metho enbrel folic acid and fish oil. i could swear i have a uti but urine culture negative- what else could cause urinary frequency discomfort.
can chiropractic manipulation of the neck cause vertigo?
what are the differences between cfc and hfa inhalers for asthma?
when i cough a small fleshy thing comes up over the back of my tongue but goes back down when i swallow. i have had a sore throat for a few days now. i noticed the fleshy thing today when i was coughing. what is it?
how exercise help people from have lowing blood pressure. how exercise help people from have lowing blood pressure
what is the long-term outlook for patients with congestive heart failure?
what's wrong? my bowel movements are all over the place and now i have dull pain consistently. male/ years old. about month ago i had a day i went to the br (#) at least - times. ever since then things haven't been right. i've gone from full-out constipation to diarrhea. i have a dull pain in the pelvic area right of bladder. sometimes gassy and can hear embarrassing rumbling from pelvic area. this has been there for about a month. any idea of what could be going on? could it be serious? i haven't seen any blood or anything. i think it may be from too much stress on my system down there?
i suffer from tired aching legs during and after work any suggestions?
had chest ct scan primary care provider thinks it is fluid or an infection can it be cancer?
"get boners easy. can i decrease visual arrousal? . whenever i see something. ahem ""hot"" i always get hard and want to masturbate. i'm  so it could just be the time in my life but is there anything i can do to help?"
is it ok to break your blood pressure tablet in half later if your blood pressure is still high. i take blood pressure meds and sometimes it still goes up. not for long. i was curious can you break your tablet in half and take it if it has been a while since you took the first whole med.
i had important surgery to remove appendix may have intestinal adhesion problem need second opinion before surgery?
ive just turned  and have advanced glaucoma started having confused episodes?
i live in charlotte north carolina and want to locate health insurance companies that offer dental and vision plans. i am medicare eligible. where should i look?
not loosing weight exercise brutally and consistently! due to a recent stressful situation i became partially bald! . i am a  year old male with no prior medical illnesses other than allergies and colds. i exercise frequently and more than many people i know who are fit. i have been tracking my workouts for the past  years and have followed a million diets. i always try to make the healthier choice when i go out to eat (not often) and drink on occasion. from august  - december  i ran boxed lifted weights in combination and lost little to no weight. bp is <negative_smiley> and after exercise /
are there any laser treatments or nonsurgical remedies to remove the bags under my eyes?
how is the source of nausea or vomiting diagnosed?
i had pneumonia pleurisy pain doesnt go away?
why is human resources important? . expert hr and ir support for organisations. based in melbourne and the south eastern suburbs we can provide practical and effective strategic and operational support that will contribute to the bottom line and success of your organisation. <link>
the day of my cycle when i wipedx i noticed briht red blood. the next day it is brownish color. could i be pregnant. i have been having unprotected sex with my boyfriend regularly. i noticed that the day of my cycle there was bright red blood when i wiped. the next day the blood was a darkish brown color. im only seeing blood when i wipe.
how do you care for an open wound after basal cell cancer surgery on your scalp? . the dr. was not able to completely stitch together the opening left and decided to leave it heal on its own. they stitched together what they could and there is an opening about an inch by / of an inch big still. being a working woman i need to wash my hair to go to work. how is this cared for a cleaned. also how long does it typically take to heal to the point it does not need a dressing or bandage? .
to be a dermatologist do you need a major in health and medicine or in math science technology?
my fiance has an allergic reaction to metals (gold silver etc. ) what kind of wedding band will he be able to wear?
what is the worst weather for exercising outdoors with allergies?
what is an hla- blood test for?
is a urinary trac infection transferable female to male during sexual intercourse. my boyfriend wants to have sexual intercourse with me. i indeed have a urinary track infection. my question is. is a urinary track infection transferable female to male during sexual intercourse. burning when urinating few moments later urgency to go again only to dribble a drops and the burning. urine is also cloudy. and strong oder
medication and pregnancy inquiry. i am planning on trying to get pregnant in mid january . . i had a back issue dec.   and was given dexamethasone injection to help with it at urgent care because i was desperate for relief before my wedding. i was given one injection on my lower back. the dosage is unknown. . i am unsure how long the medicine will be in my system. . i do not want to get pregnant unless i know the dexamethasone will be out of my system by then. . am i safe to get pregnant? if not how long is it in your system?
i have lost  (my goal) but most of that weight was everywhere but my stomach. why is that and what can i do? . last year in august i started to gain weight unexpectedly and ended up gaining about  over - months. i began a long series of tests for cushings syndrome- and the verdict was that i did not have it. however when i started the testing my cortisol levels were through the roof. the doctors gave up after a while and i joined weight watchers instead. i've lost  but can't seem to get my stomach to slim down. is there something else i should be doing or that could still be wrong?
i'm trying to lose  pounds i exercise at :. what's the best food to eat before strength training and for cardio? . i have a very limited time frame to work out in the morning i have to be up to take care of my daughter by : so i have  hour to wake up and work out. do i need to eat anything before strength training and before cardio? i do these on opposite days. and what should i eat after and when? thanks.
is aerobics a good exercise to loose fat in belly?
for the past months i am experiencing pain on my upper abdomen?
does the doctor deaden you with anything before doing a cervical biopsy?
breakout of sores all over the body? what is this? . for the last  years!
can a person go off high blood pressure medication if he looses weight or is this a lifetime medication once started?
what can i do to treat atopic dermatitis at home?
cause and cure for lower leg cramps? . front of leg cramps the muscle from top of foot to above the ankle rear of leg cramps the lower leg muscle. sometimes they occur at the same time. i am a type  diabetic  year old male.
i have type  diabetes. can i get the pump? i am . will it be covered by medicare and a suplement plan?
i suffer from premature ejaculation and poor erection. i have tried herbal/ayurveda products with no results at all. please help.
is there any otc method of removing freckles from your face?
period cramps at  weeks pregnant is it normal? . its a constant pain. been going on for 
if i have heart disease or high blood pressure is it okay to splurge on my diet one night?
i am trying to get pregnant but got a yeast infection can vaginal yeast infection prevent me from getting pregnant? . i am trying to get pregnant but just got a yeast infection while on my fertile days can vaginal yeast infection prevent me from getting pregnant?
i am a male who has a hard lump behind my nipple that only hurts when it is touched and wondering what it could be? . i used to have my nipples periced  years ago but only had them in for a year and now behind my left nipple there is a lump that only hurts when it is touched or pressed on.
can something in my environment be triggering my migraines?
my wife just found out that she has hpv. does this mean ill get genital warts?
is it normal to not see a heart beat or movement on an ultrasound around the - week mark?
patient has constant fever since  weeks and many other medical ailments. help! . the patient jyoti f  old was diagnosed with cervical spondylitis and frozen shoulder around  years back we did physiotherapy and some anti-inflammant medications. as that wasnt helping we went for alternate medicine (ayurvedic hot oil massage and physical traction with some herbal medicines). as the question her needs to be very short i am not bale to explain everything please check full question here:. <link> please help!
is it normal to not see a heart beat or movement on an ultrasound around the - week mark?
i had a plantar wart removed from my thumb. is it possible for this to re-occur? . originally diagnosed as a plantar wart and removed . located on the pad of left thumb and another just under the knuckle on right thumb. what can be done for this?
i was prescribed norfloxacin for an upper respiratory bacterial infection was that a proper medication prescription?
was having a bad bout of ocd (obsessive compulsive disorder) felt a weird sensation in my head?
have terrible heart palpitations also i sweat constantly
had sex morning of nexplanon removal could i get pregnant
when i was  i had sores in my mouth. they came back a few years later. what is it? . nausiated vomiting weakness in joints tired achy sores in vagina last summer only sore near outer mouth when there was sores in my vagina
how do i safely stop taking simvastatin ( mg)? . i do not nor have i ever had high blood pressure. my cholesterol count before simvastatin was . . a stress test  years ago showed that there are no blockages or build up in my arteries my heart is in good shape; as a matter of fact the cardiologist told me i had the heart of a thirty year old. after learning about the dangers of this drug i am scared and would like to discontinue it. please advise. .
i had a disc removed ( ) pain in my lower back has never improved?
is there anything that i can take to help me become more fertile?
is there a test for genital herpes?
can cancer risk be reduced in celiac disease?
can i get pergnant after a partial hysterectomy? . my uterus was removed but my overies and tubes are still in tact. is there a slim chance i could get pregnant?
is it okay to eat cinnamon while pregnant?
what should i do to prepare for a transesophageal echo?
i have been taking synthroid for at least  years now want to get pregnant?
i have been getting stomach pain that feels like a bad gnawing pain?
what happens to someone when they get ringworm of the scalp or beard?
surgeon left a broken anchor in me should i be concerned?
should a person go workout with a high blood pressure? . blood pressure of / male weighing  pounds. not on any blood pressure medication.
i'm eligible for health insurance in march . must i get insurance before that?
when is joint replacement surgery the best surgical option for arthritis of the hand?
stopped ocp in may. week and a half late on my period. having sore breasts which has not happened before. pregnant? . should i wait to take a test?
i want to know if there is any hope of me getting pregnant after endo ablation. i had this procedure done for excessive bleeding and at the time was not concerned with future pregnancies but have since gotten married and would like to try if at all possible. the first month after the procedure my period was light and tolerable but has since upgraded back to a  day flow with  days still heavy. im wondering if the procedure even worked i guess even.
can a fracture cause a fever
what surgery options do i have for transient ischemic attack tia?
i had my prostate removed. i have a trouble getting an erection using viagra or cialis. are the $.  pumps worth it?
"had a urinalysis and it came back positive for nitrite and bilirubin - what does this mean? . received summary of urinalysis as ""abnormal"" and listed appearance as turbid; color orange; bilirubin +; nitrite positive and protein trace."
my wife is having trouble getting pregnant. could my sperm be the problem?
can i swim in a pool after i give birth
can a young child(-) who has been vaccinated still get whooping cough?
what are the treatments for benign rolandic epilepsy?
does implanon affect accurate test results for home pregnancy tests? . i have had implanon in place for almost  yrs. i have recently experienced pregnancy symptoms and hardening of my somach. taken  tes and bot were negative still unsure completely tho. can the implanon affect an accurate test result from home tests and should i see my doc to be sure about whether or not im actually pregnant?
do i have to get obamacare if i am on a sliding scale with the county for medical/dental coverage?
i have a red rash on my penis in a few spots and have red marks on a few other parts of my body. a few weeks back in got poison ivy . a few days later a red itchy rash appeared on my penis in a few spots after putting some steroid cream it went away a few days later it came back again on my penis
lump behind ear since i was  (i'm  now) soft and moveable no pain. first noticed when i had chicken pox. worried. i've had a lump behind my left ear since i was  years old i'm  now and it's still there. it isn't hard and it's movable i first noticed it when i had the chicken pox as far as i know it wasn't there before i had the virus. it hasn't gone down but it hasn't grew in size since either it doesn't hurt. i have no other symtoms except from tiredness but i go to sleep quite late and sleep during the day often occasional leg pain (aching) but i've had surgery on both legs a few years ago i
had sex three weeks ago n he nutted in me then had sex again lastnight n the condom bust with two different sex partner
if i have heart failure how much salt can i have?
i had some bumps on my penis not painful is it herpes?
i have a tiny mole is this cancer?
should i keep my baby on a strict sleeping schedule?
is an ultrasound-guided breast biopsy considered a clean or sterile procedure?
what does genital herpes look like?
lump/bump on the outside of my foot. i have a lump/bump on the outside of my left foot right at the bottom of my baby toe. it doesn't hurt to touch and it doesn't hurt to walk on. any suggestions of what it could be?
my daughter has crohn's disease. can she take ibuprofen?
are there any warnings for the drug ibuprohm?
 days ago i had hernia repair surgery today (day ) noticed the shaft of my penis was black & blue& painful should i. be concerned?
what are the treatment options for hair loss?
facial pain tingling numbness along with ear pain and fatgue brain mri found several lesions?
who is at risk for hypothyroidism?
are gerber meals healthy for my baby and toddler?
i have terrible bone pain and muscle spasms is it due to celiac disease or other condition?
"can i stop taking chantix ""cold turkey""? been on it for  months. or should i taper off?"
since my daughter has not found a job over the last three plus years i claimed her on my tax refund for the year . however in july  my doctors put me on permanent disability. she is  years old. am i responsible for getting and paying for her health insurance? i have not received ssdi since july and cannot afford this. if i am responsible what are my options?
how can i tell if my child has a cold or the flu?
how long does a fractured finger take to heal? . i fell  / months ago and injured my middle finger by jamming it into a stone step. initially within  hours it swelled to the point that my skin felt like it was burning i iced it and toke nsaids. i am now for the past  / weeks wearing a splint / on my finger. how long should i expect for it to heal?
 old c section keeps pulling like its pulling open should i see a dr or a gyn. sometimes the site is still touchy & looks bloody like i keep putting triple anti biotic on it or desitin for a week most time it goes away but always comes back in a month or so who should i see about this a gyn or reg dr
does medicare cover cataract surgery
how can migraine headaches be prevented?
when i am sitting and i get up to stand i get dizzy and see spots. why is this? . i am also wondering why a person would be instantly dizzy and have spotty vision when standing up from a sitting position or just while walking.
aching pain i have had in my left leg?
to my knowledge i'm not pregnant nor have i recently conceived. so why would i be lactating? . i'm also not on any medications.
is deer antler spray any good to use for sex
is health insurance exchange coverage payment refundable or under what terms can exchange coverage be cancelled? . by law can this vary by state or by individual exchange plans?
how to lose  lbs in  months
i am currently taking chantix to help with the not smoking since i have started taking it i have had  panic attacks. could the chantix be causing this? / have been taking it for  month. some of my friends tell me that i am going through withdrawals and my body is sort of in shock. please help i need to know if this happens or do i need to see my dr.
what is the danger of getting measles while pregnant?
i had diabetes during pregancy  years back. when my baby was born the sugar levels were normal
i am post menopausal have pain and tenderness in pelvic area and my ultrasound could not find my ovaries. why? . also have prolaspe bladder
should i avoid highly allergenic foods like peanuts or shellfish when i'm pregnant or nursing?
is there a safe over-the-counter antacid to use while nursing?
what i can i use to brighten my elbows? they are very dark and they itch sometimes.
is pre cum enough to catch something? . i'm a virgin but recently i've engaged in oral sex for the first time with my boy friend. i was not fond of it so i stopped long before he's ejaculated so nothing went in my mouth aside from some pre-cum. i am very anxious though and was wondering if that was enough to catch anything? hiv std etc? he's only had sex with one other female who was a virgin at that time and so was he. he's received oral from another female as well. based off of those two factors i believe he's clean as well.
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of ambien?
why do i get hot after i eat? . every time after i eat no matter hoe cold it is i get hot and sweaty its makes me panic a little bit too. . i don't know why. i would like an answer and maybe a solution please
i have skin redness/scratchlike rashes around my shoulder and arm area not from scratching but it looks just like it. . it does not itch. no bumps or soarness. just red scratch like rashes and blotchy arm redness.
what kind of herbal medicines fruits and vitamins should i take to prevent the pain on my gallstone?
i am seeing %/%/% co-insurance after the deductible in network listed on the healthcare. gov plans available. please explain exactly what this means.
where can i get a cortizone shot with no health insurance? . i have a growth on my foot so i went to the er and they said that i need to go to a specialist and get a cortizone shot. i have no insurance i dont want pain meds i just want the shot to make this go away. what do i do?
i cant get pregnant. i have pneumonia ever since i was a baby. i was born premature. i get chest x-ray most likely every year when i was little. i'm  year old and happly married. we been trying to get pregnant for over a year now. my family thinks i wont be able to get pregnant because of all the radiation i have all these years. is that true i wont get pregnant because of the radiation i've done all my life?
when i have pimple or blackheads they leave scars. what should i use?
had unprotected sex  days before becoming fertile (which was the ) my last period was oct.  am i pregnant? . fertile days were oct - nov.  or  and the pull out method and like i said before two days( oct ) before becoming fertile and i heard pre cum last  days so on the third day would be nov.  and my ovulation day would be the  or  please help need an accurate answer.
what is the treatment for genital herpes?
me and my ex boyfriend now have the herpes virus should we still use a condom if we have sex with each other? . we have been having sex and not using a condom since we both have herpes. i'v had it for quite some time and he just got exposed. need answer dont want to make matters any worse.
i am a competitive gymnast with osgood sclatters disease – its spreading
appendix ruptured  days before seen dr. treated for sepsis for  days in hospital surgery  weeks later? . is it procedure to wait to do surgery when the appendix has ruptured and whole system is poisoned before it is found. she still has pain and nausea but not severe. is it safe to wait?
is dust a cause of a staph infection. is dust in an or setting a cause of patients getting a staph infexction not necessarily mrsa?
is cold water bath effects on my sex life? . actually i like cold water bath twice a day in any weather condition. as i read in some article that cold water can effect on penis shrinkage. so i want to know about it. please guide me is it effect badly or is it good.?
can a thyroid patient eat soybean and fenugreek?
can you enroll in a health insurance exchange plan if you have medicare and need a supplement?
i have severe sinus infection (acute frontal sinusitis) what are my next steps?
my daughter is  weeks pregnant and was accidently hit on the side of her stomach near hip. is baby and uterus ok? . it hurt for a minute when it happened. she doesn't have any pain now. just a little worried about baby and uterus being ok.
do you have to have anesethia when having a hip replacment. can a nerve block be used instead? . my mom needs a hip replacement and has severe reactions to anesthesia. is it possible to have a nerve block for this procedure instead of the anesthesia. she has been putting if off and now is in a lot of pain and needs to have this done. any information would be helpful. . thank you .
if i quit smoking will i still have accelerated aging? . if i stop smoking now will i still age faster than i usually would or will i age as i would if i had never smoked? i noticed my skin is thinner i have one wrinkle when i raise my eyebrows. i am  i smoked for around  / years. my skin has never been thin its not noticeable to others. but i get the feeling if i don't stop it will be. if i quit can this be reversed? or at least be halted and not get worse? . sarah
bleeding after sex but haven't had a period in years because of my iud. shoulda i see my ob? . i have had my iud for about four and a half years. recently after sex i have noticed that i will begin bleeding. it's not immediate but seems to go on into the following afternoon or evening. it's very light minimal spotting and occasionally a clot or two. i haven't had a period regularly in my entire life and they essentially stopped after the first six months with my iud. should i see my ob and what could possibly be the cause?
does a person get a high from capsule medical marijuana? does it dull pain or just make the pain tolerable? . could this help a  year old who is in severe pain from spinal stenosis and arthritis? does it really have any long term effects on memory?
what about americans without access to email/the internet? . how can they access information about coverage available under the affordable care act?
i suffer from digestive issues doctor has no answers?
what are side effects after liposuction. pink color patches on the skin round liposuction
does nucynta have tylenol
cost suboxone insurance. my doctor visit is  a month and it cost me  to fill my prescription per month. which healthcare plan would benefit me the most in louisiana?
i was diagnosed with epilepsy im not sure of this diagnosis?
"anyone here who knows of a pregnancy due to ejaculant on fingers being rubbed on vagina during mutual masturbation? . i've read many many replies (on many websites) from doctors regarding the chances of getting pregnant by a small amount of ejaculant on one's hands being rubbed on the vaginal opening. some say ""yes possible b/c it only takes one sperm"" while some say ""very unlikely b/c sperm need to be inserted higher"". i'd like to know: ) is there any medical professional here who actually knows of a pregnancy happening from such a situation? ) are there any more scientific studies on this? thanks"
how can i reduce my waistline i'm sixty years old work out ten hours a week doing cardio lift weights plus diet? . i eat  calories a day include all four food groups. four servings of veggies fours servings of fruits and two servings of protein. one serving of dairy non fat yogart. . i do eight hours of cardio and two hours of weight baring exercises a week. drink eight glasses of water a day one cup of green tea and two cups of coffee with fat free cream no sugar. . . is there anything i can do to reduce the size of my waist? my colths are ill fitting because i have to buy everything to fit my wide waist.
is there an antidepressant for sleep and anxiety that doesn't cause difficulty in breathing? i have severe asthma. . and my lung function has dropped considerably.
i am  and am considering some facial treatments. what is the difference in microdermabrasion peels or other options?
can sperm go through clothes? . i was on top of my bf and i were dry humping but he ejaculated. he was wearing boxers basketball shorts and i was in underwear (a thong). some of the semen got on my thong from seeping through his  layers so my first question would be: can sperm go through his clothes and make me pregnant? if not then you probably don't have to worry about my second question. my second question is: if a little semen after going through his  layers got on the outside of my vagina will i get pregnant?
if a grade three pectoral major rupture is left untreated is that classed as medical negligence?
my lipase levels are ; outside the normal reference range for quest diagnostics. how concerned need i be? . i also have high cholesterol high triglycerides and .  . my greatest fear is pancreatic cancer.
can anxiety cause or exacerbate high blood pressure?
how long does rash from strep throat last. my son is  months old diagnosed with thrush was given nystatin. rash developed and seems to have worsen with nystatin. taken to pediatritian again and son rediagnosed with strep. said rash developed from strep. concern i have is if rash developed from nystatin or strep. if it is from step how long does it usually last?
i have many symptoms: chills shakiness trouble sleeping weakness need second doctor opinion?
ive been diagnosed with social anxiety disorder nausea vomiting diarrhea insomnia staying asleep headaches very stiff/rigid muscles
could multivitamins be the reason im not sleeping? . hi . i recently started taking multi vitamins. i only take  a day though instead of the  that they say to. specifically this one: <link> i normally get to sleep in around  minutes. however i have noticed for the past  days i have taken this i have been restless at night and taking + hours to sleep. could it be the cause? or should i be taking all ? . thank you
can u transmitt chlamydia thru sharing a toilet or sharing a bath? my child often bathe with me.
i am a  year old female previously diagnosed with bipolar disorder i have developed a muscle spasm that resembles a tic along my right arm?
is sebhorric dermatitis contagious?
my daughter has these bumps on her arm and i cant seem to figure out what it is?
i had rta and broke my right homers after nells fracture still moving?
what medications and treatments are available to treat cystic fibrosis?
can stress trigger an outbreak of shingles?
my blood test results are abnormal should i be concerned?
do i have to get a prescription from my doctor to get conjugated estrogens premarin
i touched the inside of a condom to my penis but wore it correctly after realising. can my girlfried get pregnant? . although there may have been some precum on the condom my penis was inside her for a max of - seconds. also her periods started on dec  and we had sex on dec . her cycle is - days so i guess she was not ovulating. is there a chance of pregnancy?
what is imrt?
i have found on my right shin a rash. hydrocortisone cream has done nothing to it?
will insurance cover a mammogram if i find a lump and i'm younger than  or older than ?
how often are radiation and/or chemo treatments given for colon cancer?
in winter i have cold feet and toes pain sweeling and redness and can't walk
availablity of cpap in an emergency. . recently i was transported to the hospital on a  call. i was experiencing severe shortness of breath. the one-hour ordeal before i reached the hospital had me worried i might suffocate. . once at the hospital i was given a cpap machine and it resolved the issue after a few hours. i may not be so fortunate if it were to reoccur. are paramedics not trained for this? are ambulances not equipped to deal with shortness of breath? was my circumstances out of the ordinary for a  matter? . . . .
what are some of the reasons for bed rest during pregnancy?
i have osteoarthritis my hips literally lock and i can not get up?
my baby girl has hand foot mouth disease. she has a few blisters on her hand. she sucks her thumb. do i stop the sucking
i heard that on my mothers side of the family there are people who get their adult teeth twice. can this be true?
what are symptoms of osteoarthritis?
what should be the order of application for the following: sun block serum primer and concealer?
should fatty fried foods be avoided with pancreatitis
can u get rid of genital herpes by having a tvh? . i was diagnosed with genital herpes  yrs ago i take valtrex daily  for suppression. i recently had a total vaginal hysterectomy because i was diagnosed with cervical cancer. when i tried to get my valtrex refilled the dr. denied my refill and stated that i need to make an appointment my question is by having a tvh could that have gotten rid of my genital herpes?
<link> neuro nzt reviews the results in the research connected with fourty males old several years they claim which individuals who have eaten a tiny bit of product far better concentrated and much more accurately complement compared to their particular mates who consumed cutting down on calories with out brain plus iq. your dissimilarities never have recently been given greater iq social rank or even training connected. <link>
what can i do to treat bipolar disorder in childhood and adolescence at home?
i heard that holding urine is healthy. how true is this? can holding be better than always going everytime one needs to?
i suffer severe migraines when using laptop and phone
i'm  wks pregnant and have been experencing cramping and pressure in my lower abdomen for over  hrs is this normal?
i have bad wrist pains. they started almost a year ago i sort of woke up with my wrist bugging me. my right wrist would swell up cracks a lot and sometimes get stiffen. after awhile it'll go away. if i lift something or put too much pressure it'll swell up again and hurt. it's not broken i got tested for arthritis but they said i didn't have it and i could just be imaging it. i want a second opinion.
my daughter () stepped on a nail today in our back yard. last shot /. would she require another tetanus shot?
can sinusitis or allergies cause a swollen lymph node under my arm?
"constant eye drainage including during sleep puffiness around eye top and bottom. i caught a cold approx. one week ago. since the beginning i have one eye that just drains constantly. the inner corner of my eye and just below the eye has become extremely irritated from the constant wiping/drying with a tissue is somewhat red around the outside of my eye. there has also been some slight lid swelling/puffines and very puffy under the eye when i wake in the morning. i have no idea if this is an infection or if i can do some otc ""fix""."
what resources are available for treating drug addiction if you dont have insurance?
can a cold develop into flu? . i've had a cold for about - days now and just yesterday i got a headache and had a wave of nausea a few hours later. this morning i woke up very sore despite having slept in my normal position and having done little physical work the previous day. i've had on and off nausea all day and am feeling warm. has my cold turned into the flu?
what is osteoporosis?
i have erythrophobia (the fear of blushing) what can i do?
is it normal to cough up green phlegm after pneumonia cured? . i was treated for pneumonia (antibiotics) in january. it is march and i am still periodically coughing up dark yellow to green phlegm. is this normal?
do bedbugs carry diseases or are they just an annoyance?
my  year old son has pain on his front thigh we visited many doctors no diagnosis
what nsaids are safe for hypertension? . i am a chronic pain patient and limited on the medications i can take do to sensitivity to chemicals a family trait. please help?
how much zofran do i give my -year-old?
i submitted my application for health insurance last week and they said that there is a - week wait. well my insurance enrollment at work ends october . is there a chance that i might hear from them sooner?
my husband feeds our  yr. old choc. lab a can of tuna everyday. is this safe for her? (she is . overweight)
what is teething?
i urine - times at night what do i do? . saw the doctor & urine & blood drawn out. all exams came out good. i am only  years old pretty healthy.
fishy smelling penis. ever since i started having sex with my current gf i notice a really bad smell from my penis. there is no rash or sores or anything so i don't think it's an std but what could it be? how can i get rid of it?
is the pull out method really effective?
can i take  advil gels for a week in a row> this is the  day. i'm  years old and i have been sick for the last  days i'm going to the  day in a few more hours and i cant really stand this cant even sleep because i got a  fever and start sweating. i also have cough and runny nose and mini headaches. really isn't that bad cause i haven't vomit but i do feel weak and its no fun. so my question is i been taking  advil gels every  to  hours like  a day to reduce my fever. i also took tylenol cold nasal spray and sulfame
my leg has had spasms for some time now i had total body spasm?
can you get an std like hiv/aids or genital herpes from anal sex toys? . both me and my partner were virgins and now we have genital herpes. my partner used a sex toy that they received from a friend that may have used it.
were thinking of getting an ovulation testing device would this be an effective birth control method?
my boyfriend lifted some heavy tables last week and ever since he has a sharp pain on the right side of his stomach. he eats does not vomit or does not have a fever but it has been bothering him for a week and it is a sharp pain it only is relieved when he lays down on that side.
my husband has had a fever and a cough for over  now. not pneumonia (had xray  days ago) what could it be? . his fever ranges between -. he is coughing up lots of mucous but doesn't feel any sinus congestion (no runny nose). he has been on an antibiotic for  now. he says it is helping a little but it's not taking care of the fever or cough just making the mucous less green. he had a chest x-ray  ago but it didn't show pnumonia should he be x-rayed again? he is also very pale in color as well as is experiencing dizziness headache and nausea. had a cbc blood work came back normal.
"i've had this rash on my ankle for a year now. what could it be? . i developed this rash on my ankle a year ago during winter in my first couple months of accutane treatment. some days it is darker than others. currently it's a very dark red and ""dot-like"". sometimes it's lighter red and scale-like. i've tried treating it with a prescription steroid cream a prescription antibiotics ointment eczema cream psoriasis ointment and now fungi cream for ringworm. it does not itch or hurt. . images:. . tinypic. com/. jpg. . tinypic. com/. jpg"
i am allergic to cats and wonder if there is anything i can do so i can own one?
do i have lupus or some chronic viral infection?
my stomach always growls turns and feels bloated after i eat. i also have a lot of flatulence. what could be wrong? . i am not sure what is wrong with me. my stomach growls loudly and obnoxiously after i eat and it is very embarrassing not to mention the fact its very uncomfortable almost painful. i also have excessive flatulence in addition to this. i want to know what is wrong and i am tired of sitting in class with this issue it has been going on for at least  months now. i don't eat fast and i am definently not hungry and i have tried eating more frequent it doesn't help.
i have major headaches painful throat excessive saliva?
how early in a pregnancy can a blighted ovum be diagnosed as to not misdiagnose a miscarriage?
i recently got a implant done but during my healing / antibiotics stage – my tongue started to appear like i have oral thrush?
can insulin cause uti?
has anyone experienced strong vaginal odor while going through menopause?
i was dumb and went in about an inch wth no condom for about  sec. . didnt see pre cum and didnt cum for a long time after. its been  days is there a chance my gf is pregnant?
smoked a blunt about  weeks ago. haven't smoked for  months before that. how did i fail urine test? . i am on probation for manufacturing and distributing marijuana even though i had less than  grams on me. i failed a urine test last month after i smoked a joint at a party. i failed that month. i haven't smoked since then but i still failed my urine test this month! .
how do i get off of zoloft and what are the side effects during this time? .  mg once a day for panic attacks and depression.
how can avoiding medications with xl la xr or cr in their name save me money?
had sex  of may  of may and  of june  june morning tested regnant am i responsible. . i want to find out if for example you had sex  of may  of may and  of june and on then on  may she says she felt dizzy and lost appetite for food  june she complained of dizziness and fatigue. on  june in the morning she goes for pregnancy test and she is found pregnant. how possible is that the man responsible for the pregnancy is the man who had sex with her on  of may  of may and  of june? .
i have been dealing with severe fatigue muscle tension burning under the skin for  + months now?
pregnancy. i had unprotected sex with my partner on  august and got my regular periods by  august. but after this i missed my cycle for september. my cycle is  days regular cycle. now i did pregnancy test twice and it came out to be negative. doctor has prescribed regrestrone  for  days. can there be any chances of pregnancy still? iam worried. i have pain and uneasiness in my abdomen.
can a woman with a tubal ligation still release cervical fluid during ovulation?
is foreskin restoration possible? what advice do you have to give to men seeking to restore their foreskins?
scalp ringworm lotrimin and flagyl  days  looks better but it has spread to other areas scalp. when stop spreading. he took the flagyl for  days and we used lotrimin. he is off flagyl for a week and then back on for  days. when will it stop spreading since it's getting hard to apply lotrimin through his thick hair to all these areas. we are using disposable combs so it won't spread that way.
i have a decreased urine output but all tests are normal?
i never know when to take an antihistamine or decongestant so i end up buying a product with both. is that a good idea?
can a women get pregnant after ovulation and while she is having her period?
i am currently enrolled in an aetna plan and pay approx. $  a month for coverage. . can i apply for another plan under another healthcare company through the marketplace?
on bc pills. my period was later and shorter have been tired and nauseus for about  weeks could i be pregnant?
what are the risks of ultrasound?
my doctor is sending me to a specialist for ( upep ) what is it?
smoking is actually a bad pattern. six popular manufacturers of electronic cigarettes. smoking is. epuffer electronic cigarette. actually a bad pattern leading to addiction. it opposes a wholesome living. it is hazardous and pricey for the smoker's health that features a long set of adverse effects it could cause. if it is very impossible to quit stopping is nearly impossible to accomplish for many people worse case is. . <link>
what needs to be done to address the threat of viral hemorrhagic fevers?
can you get mono twice?
how can cracked skin at the fingernail tips be helped?
after  hernia operations a medium sized bubble formed about  below the stitches?
how does chemo effect blood sugar levels? . the morning after chemo treatment my blood sugar was  i'm usually in range under  with an occasional . my type  diabetes is diet controlled.
total cholesterol - triglycerides - hdl - ldl - are these counts seriously low? . i am a man aged . i exercise daily and am a regular in endurance sports. abut  years ago i had depression and anxiety issues and on going panic attacks. i am now concerned about my mood - very irritable get angry easy and prone to impulsive anxious behaviour. of course i hate this and have no real sense of stability. any ideas what i am looking at here? why are my values so low given that i have a very healthy diet and exercise daily. help.
sharp pain in my rotator cuff what does that mean? . i'm a bartender which puts a lot of stress on my body and about six months ago i started getting a sharp pain in my rotator cuff its not constant but if i move it certain ways i get and extremely sharp pain that shoot down my arm. what should i do? what can i do? i have no insurrance and not a lot of money to go to a doctor. please help.
accutane-still no effect? . hi im on my  day on accutane and i think that this medication have no effect on me i mean my skin is still oily as hell i have no dry lips and i finally want dry skin how long should i have to wait for it? and my skin even got worse i dont know why but i have more breakouts than usual and if you are wondering im on low dose isotretinoin- mg /day. should i wait for any effect or just stop it because i feel like this medication has no effect on me? thnx
one of my bottom teeth hurt then my bottom gum started to hurt now my chin hurts when i press on it?
what is penile cancer?
something wrong with my head? . hello over the past few days i've just been feeling weird it's not really a headache (tho i am prone to them) but my head just feels funky. like there's a sense of lightheadedness. it's hard to describe. and i can't seem to focus like if i'm reading or watching something it just comes over me. also days prior to this i had a very sore neck for a couple days which i often get but that subsided. i'm really worried i have a brain tumor or something i'm always imagining the worst case scenario.
what are a few common mistakes parents make in dealing with a colicky or fussy baby?
are there particular types of exercise that are better for depression?
i had swelling in feet ankles and legs low hemoglobin now swelling again?
bleeding after sex. . i've been on birth control pills faithfully for over  months. i have had some breakthrough bleeding because i skipped my periods on purpose. i've never quit taking my active pills everyday at the same time. the other night my boyfriend came in me. i'm still having breakthrough bleeding. so this means i'm in the clear of being pregnant. right?
i had a sleeve gastronomy sharp shock anytime?
how do doctors check for a hernia? do they ask the patient to cough or bear down? which one is more common with teens?
what is infertility?
what is the cause of halitosis and what can be used to cure it?
fishy smelling penis. ever since i started having sex with my current gf i notice a really bad smell from my penis. there is no rash or sores or anything so i don't think it's an std but what could it be? how can i get rid of it?
my girlfriend forgot to take her pill  days after her period and i like an idiot finished in her is she pregnant? . okay my girlfriend and i have been together for a little more than a month and the entire time she's been on the pill i don't know what the pills called but she probably has been taking it longer but she forgot to take it the other day and we had sex that night and i came in her she took her pill that night and then the next morning is there any possibility that she isn't going to get pregnant? please help and thanks for any one who answers ahead of time. -one scared sob
i cant move my leg to walk – all my body aches?
is there a problem with orange juice or just grapefruit juice and blood pressure or cholesterol medication?
my dentist is having radioactive seeds done for prostrate cancer when is it safe for him to go back to work? . i would like to know when it is safe to be around my dentist as an employee?
what are the symptoms of anemia?
if my company offers insurance can i enroll in the affordable care act so that it is more affordable?
can shingles appear in the mouth or throat
what class is the drug zoloft in?
what is the difference between pulling a muscle and straining a muscle?
can i get a list of foods that can help lower my cholesterol levels please?
can a women squirt after a hysterectomy
why is getting enough fiber in my diet so important?
my son is  years old nausea vomiting loose motion accompanied by constipation?
can antidepressants cause weight gain?
can you get chlamydia just from switching from anal sex to vaginal sex? . i have a friend who had been previously tested for any stds and was negative then after she had sex with one guy (during sex she had anal sex and then went back to vaginal sex) she had chlamydia. her doctor said that the switching from anal to vaginal could possibly give her the chlamydia. is that true? i have also been told that you can contract all sorts of things from switching and just wanted to do my own research.
i am  years old have gone thru menopause. would i be a good egg donor for my daughter who cannot become pregnant?
i was in a bike accident and i may have ruptured a breat implant. will insurance cover a ruptured breast implant?
i am on bp medicine and am almost finished my current perscription. is it safe for me just to stop taking it all? . i have not been on it long at all. perhaps  months.
is shingles a single blister or a rash? . my dad has a single red painful sore in his ear. a pa asked if he had his zoster shot and now he is convinced he has shingles in his ear. there are no other sores no rash just pain at the site and in his jaw in front of the ear.
orthopedic doctor claimed surgery is the only solution for shoulder problem need second opinion?
could i be pregnant. i started having signs of pregnancy before stopping birth control but no positive test. i stopped bc about a week ago spotted for three days now nothing what could this mean?
i have chronic back pain – gotten worse over the past few months?
what are the symptoms of hepatitis c?
my cell phone caught fire and i was exposed to chemical fumes?
yesterday morning i woke in excruciating pain in my left thigh now cannot move my leg at all?
my wife uses  pad the entire week she is menstruating. is this normal or unhealthy?
is it best to take vitamins a b c & e individually or is there a single product containing these?
i got chicken pox at  old can i still get shingles?
my daughter is ten months old she has seborrea on her head i want to know what cause's it and is it treatable?
my wife and i are  and  years old and not eligible for medicare or medicaid. we tried to get health insurance on the website but got a message that as we have medicare according to our age we cannot get the insurance on the health exchange. so how can we get the insurance?
dried blood. i was handling some paperwork noticed a red blotch on the paper work the paperwork would have been touched by another person a few hours before i do not believe i had any cuts on my hand i am extremely ocd and over wash my hands to the point they become red at times. i did use hand sanitizer after coming in contact i do not remember if that piece of paperwork glanced my mouth in handling i squeezed sanitizer on the neck of my shirt and whipped my mouth off is there any risk in catching anything?
can eating disorder cause the brain to shrink
what is the treatment for orthostatic hypotension?
does an epsom salt bath pull out radiatioin? . i've been seeing a lot of this recently on social media. i just want to know what the real medical community thinks about it. i suspect that it can't.
why doesn't my -month-old have teeth yet?
can you get chlamydia by using someone towel that is infected with chlyamydia?
is abortion safe at  weeks into pregnancy? . hi i am  weeks pregnant and contemplating abortion. but i am worry that it could be harmful to my body or worst. i have already had  abortions  live births  miscarriage. i am also a little scared to have this baby because all my pregnancy were high- risk and it put me and my babies lives at risk. yes my husband and i used a condom when i got pregnant with this baby. so i was just wonderng if it was safe or even recommended to go through with it based on my history.
can i produce eggs after having tubes taken out. i have both ovaries. and was wondering if i still produce eggs. i am thinking about having a baby with a surrogate. had my tubes taken out. problems with period. and had my uterus taken out thank you
a dr. has recommended four surgeries be done at the same time is this too much?
i keep getting attacks i sweat and get hot then i start the cold chills?
what does it mean when your toe starts swelling and turning white underneath? with itching and pain?
are hard candies like jordan almonds or sticky ones such as salt water taffy bad for your teeth?
i have spondyloarthritis. i am taking medicine for more than  months?
 year old son has had headache and fever last several days. no cold symptoms and fever goes away after tylenol and laying down but then comes back. fever yesterday was  and today . took tylenol .  hours ago and went down to . . after / hour it went up to . 
why do i vomit when i brush my teeth? . i am pregnant and have not had very much nausea and no morning sickness. however every time i brush my teeth i end up gagging on the toothpaste and vomiting. it is mostly just stomach acid in the morning. i have been getting a lot of heartburn as well. i have tried different flavored toothpaste and even kids toothpaste and nothing helps. what can i do?
having had chlamydia have anything to do with getting herpies later>. i had chlamydia over  yrs ago. now i am being tested for genital herpes. are to two related in anyway.  yrs ago tested positive for hsv  which you know this is in my mouth. i have an idea where that came from my husband. but at that time tested negative for genital herpes
is it ok to take both tenex and vyvanse?
how is herpes simplex treated?
how do i sign up and pay for health insurance coverage if i had no income in  and no income in ? what do i do?
do external hemorrhoids have to be directly on the anus? . if there is a swollen mass a little less than an inch away from the actual anus could that be considered an external hemorrhoid? if not what else could it be? .
is there a specific ingredient i should avoid in children's cough and cold medicine? . i bought children's triaminic cough and cold with active ingredients dextromethorphan hbr and phenylephrine hcl.
can a male  yrs. get a inguinal hernia from straining during a constpating bowel movement?
do protein shakes make good snacks or are they only appropriate as meal replacements?
i have heard that women can ovulate at any time?
are there any medications to take to prevent hair pulling/trichotillomania? . trichotillomania . hair pulling . ocd . medication
is the risk for heart disease reduced by lowering cholesterol?
im hardly eating anything and when i do i feel nauseous?
is it harmful for a man to give oral sex if his partner has bacterial vaginosis?
hello doctor my name is bharat. i am feeling very bad and inactive since six months. hello doctor my name is bharat. i am feeling very bad and inactive since six months. when i consider deeply anything then i goes very and very difficult to out of think. i think it is cause of stress.
how can i find out which drug companies will help you out with the cost of their drugs?
what causes bacterial vaginosis? should i be worried if it this infection keeps popping up?
why do i have painful stinging while urinating after intercoarse? can contraceptive films play a part in that? . my girlfriend uses contraceptive spermicidal films could that be the cause of occasional painful stinging while urinating after intercourse? it doesn't happen often but when it does i tend to pee more frequently but not much comes out.
i have been eating sticky-but-healthy dried fruits. when should i brush? does milk neutralize sugar in hot chocolate?
"this new health care act is so confusing. . is it better to stick with a ""bare bones"" employer sponsored plan or should my husband try to obtain insurance through the new marketplace?"
why did my period start  days early. we have been trying to get pregnant. i had my period  days ago. i started my oeriod its brown with some blood. my back uurts it doesnt feel normal period. vwhy did it come  days early?
is it posible to get pregnant if the sperm is inside my butt? . is it possible to get pregnant by anal sex. because i'm trying to find the answer to my question. my boyfriend and i did anal sex is it possible to get pregnant because his sperm went inside me while doing anal sex
what can tender breast and light cramping and spotting mean? . i am on birth control nuvaring i've been on it for two years and have never felt like this i had unprotected sex a few weeks ago i have been using my ring properly. i am a little overweight could that make my ring less effective could i be pregnant or is it something else going on. my spotting is pink with lite cramping it's been like this for a few days on and off. now my breast have become tender to the touch.
i'm '  year old female weighing  pounds and i want to lose all excess fat and weight? yet i eat when depressed.
i'm a  year-old female and have hair on the sides upper lips and under my chin. what can i do to stop the waxing?
is there pain associated with bacteria vaginosis. i am a  year old female had hysterectomy about  weeks ago. noticed discharge with fishy odor and cramping pain. could the pain be associated with the bacteria vaginosis?
my daughter was born with a bright red birthmark on her back. it is now solid & welted above the skin. should i worry?
what is toxic shock syndrome?
what increases the risk of getting hepatitis c?
can medications help ulcerative colitis?
i started having a pain in my upper right abdomen that moved to my lower right abdomen?
"when i mow grass i develope an itchy ""hive like"" rash on hips/thighs. lasts  days. am i alergic to grass? what can do? . only when i mow i can walk in grass and it doesnt bother me. i already take an alergy pill before i mow. these patches itch and burn and cover a large area. . . ."
bleeding from anus blood in urine pain in lower back
how long is it safe to keep makeup products?
pregnant? or late period? . im  days late on my period which occurs between the  and  of each month. i feel no early pregnancy or menstral symptoms. i have taken  hpt up until today. all negative. the only changes this month r iv had high caffeine intake for instance coffee lack of sleep due to worrying and minor stress due to my mother moving in. any insight?
i had an acute ebv antibody test done can i rule out the very rare fatal disease scaebv?
period brings diarrhea pain nausea and sweating during first few days. i am in my mid-'s and have had three children. for the past few years i have at least one day in the early days of my period where i have diarrhea nausea sweating panic and pain. it comes in waves starting with an urge to go to the bathroom then all hits at once once i pass bm it goes away. once an hour for -. my doctors tell me i likely have endo though i have not had the lap and i do have resolving cysts. no bc as i have bad reactions. i'm looking for causes and solutions.
does hernia caouse infertility? . hey there! i have hernia. there is pain in my scrotum. does it cause to infertility.?
diagnosed with type  diabetes reduced  blood test without using metformin and lisinopril?
what are the complications of acid reflux also known as gerd?
i am suffering from an acute attack of pancreatitis and i have a cold. can i safely take alka-seltzer plus?
is hand foot mouth disease the same as thrush. is hand foot and mouth disease caused by the same virus as thrush? would l-lysine help this condition? .
what is cystic fibrosis?
 yr old husband and i trying to conceive. having to pee a lot and my breast have been very tender for about  weeks. . could this be a sign of pregnancy? we've gone thru ivf and the problem is low mobility and low sperm count. any suggestions how to help this situation? i ovulate every month (take ovulation tests) and periods come on a regular schedule. thanks for any help and suggestions. ivf is very expensive and can't afford it again insurance covers nothing.
a bug bite on my leg has formed a clear blister. should i pop it?
how can fiber help me lose weight?
i'm a woman  and eat a balanced diet and take a multivitamin. do i need fish oil and calcium too?
can you take a bath after having an ingrown toenail removed two days ago?
blood while pooping help please. i'm really scared right now d: whenever i poop blood comes out along with the poop sometimes only little blood comes out sometimes many blood comes out also whenever poop will come out i will feel a slight pain near the end of the anus is this hemorrhoids? or anal fissure? or something more serious? d: will i run out of blood if this continues? this is really freaking me out. this has been happening for a week now d: help please.
had unprotected sex about  weeks ago. i'm on birth control. can i be pregnant? . been on bc for about  months and now i'm on placebo week. if i don't get my period during this time would i be pregnant? i haven't had any symptoms of pregnancy whatsoever. i mean i don't think i have?
woke up in the middle of the night with my heart flip floping in circles. afib or just palpitations? . have been in the er three times for heart. have had  resting ekgs  ecg  blood dye  blood test  urine tests  x-ray  ct. needless to say i've been diagnosed with an anxiety disorder. . have had dizziness for  days bp dropped last night and my rate was strong and weak after the attack. but rate never went above  or below  even when it was flip flopping. would it be afib or palps?  old no family disease clean for everything just not active. dr apt friday should i be worried?
what exams and tests help doctors to evaluate or test people for genital herpes?
went to a podiatrist with extreme pain from plantar fascitiis. he said bunion was the cause and needed to be removed.
what could cause severe groin pain?
i have a small lump on the back of my thigh its dark blue and it hurts. i notice a small lump on my thigh its dark blue should i go get it check or just watch it closely
i was recently diagnosed with an atypical mole (dysplastic nevi) please advise?
my husband and i are retired and have medicare a&b plus blue cross blue shield provided by his prior employer. we do not have to choose a new plan at this point unless his prior employer changes their coverage is that correct? in other words we currently have medical and prescription coverage under these two plans. we are concerned we might have to find another plan to cover medical. what should we do?
can i reduce weight by going to gym?
my  year old daughter complained of terrible stomach pain took her to the doctor?
how to relieve hives? . for adults
is it ok to have lemon in water before a fasting blood test?
what bad nutritional habits cause high blood pressure?
i have been having a swelling type of feeling in my throat. i can eat drink and breath ok. what could be causeing it? . i'm  and in fairly good health. i've been having this weird but not painful swelling type of thing in my throat. it feels a little like a swollen gland. i don't have and lump or knots. i have some heartburn but not every day. i also have two teeth in the back that has broken off over a year ago but i haven't got them fixed yet then this throat thing popped up. do you think it could be coming from those two bad teeth even though they are on the opposite side of my mouth? please help
i have severe chest pain on the left where my heart should be. the pain is triggered when i eat and excessive smoking
what is the relationship between genes and environment with regard to autism?
i have a small varicocele/hydrocele on my left testacle and the testacle is shrinking slightly. can i still masturbate? . i got an ultrasound done last week showing normal blood flow and no significant difference in testacle size but i think that the left testacle has shrunk in the last week. also i am  years old almost .
how can i help my  year old adjust to school? would a less stressful morning routine be helpful?
i recently had my tattoo removal surgery for  session is it hypertropic scar or keloid?
my  month baby has not passed stools. please help.
migraine  few hour breaks been treated most drugs and botox are there any clinics for me this has destroyed my life. these since childhood / it became constant only relief few hours on some days been to several drs and have had most listed drugs for this including botox. most are now lost and fall back on try this call me in a month. this is not a headache once a day this is constant with relief only a few hours on some days. no med has made a noticeable effect in severity or relief except painmeds. is there any special clinics or place i can get some help? how do i. contact them? . is there someplace to go?
my wife developed  large bruise on her thigh from no trauma says  bruise feels like it is burning. the first bruise she said if felt like a bug bite and itched  days later a second bruise is starting to develop and says it feels like it is burning
what is nystatin prescribed for?
i need a diet plan and herbal medicine for polysistic ovary syndrome
how do i gain weight and what kind of doctor do i need to see?
are insurers still able to deny coverage to individuals because of pre-existing conditions?
what are some general guidelines in treating a child who has fibromyalgia?
i can't afford the health insurance plan that my work supplies. what do i do?
is having a blood pressure at  over  bad?
how acurate is a chlamydia home test? . my husband has been cheating on me. today he went to the doctor to test for stds. the doctor forgot to order a chlamydia test. my husband refuses to go back to the doctor or spend any more time in testing clinics. he might be willing to use a chlamydia home test from walgreens (if i buy it! ) how reliable are the results from such a test?
weight loss due to loss of taste and diarrhea. i have lossed  pounds last six months. no taste and diarrhea often. i have ibs and have had colonoscopy and cat scan. negative results. also have diverticulosis. i am  years old
what happens to someone when they get ringworm of the skin?
i have a rash under my armpit what kind of treatment should i use? a group of  red bumps slightly raised and itchy. just really trying to figure out how i can start the healing process and get them to go away. thanks!
i have fibromyalgia and osteoarthritis i have extreme numbness and tingling in my wrists arms hands and fingers severe jaw and shoulder pain?
runny nose took antihistamine. developed fever. reaction to drug or cold/allergy symptom? . took over the counter diphenhydramine hci  mg. no fever prior to taking it but i had a bad runny nose.
what causes osteoarthritis?
is tabacco residue on clothing harmful to infants. my girlfriend is pregnant and i am a smoker everyone knows  hand smoke is harmful to everyone. my question is; is tabacco residue on my clothing harmful to the infant. (example-if i smoke at work then go home and hold the baby is the smell physically hurtful to the infant)
what are the fitness benefits of aerobic exercise?
can a tooth cavity cause ear infections? . this is my third summer in a row with an infection in my left ear and always at the same time of year the end of june. i also have a cavity in my lower left molar the last one that has been worked on once before but not completely cleared.
i have been having bad pain in my left thumb for a month now?
how to prevent postnasal drip that drains into stomach and makes me vomit every morning. every morning i have to vomit! it is very very frustrating because i can't do anything until i throw up. after that i am fine! i also have a cough that creates i see mucus and brownish yellow bile like substance. has anyone heard of or had this problem?
can you have your period while pregnant. my boyfriend and i had unprotected sex but he's almost positive he never came in me my period following the sex was  days late. however today i got my period. i've felt like i need to throw up and i've had on and off cramps all day. could i be pregnant? also i've been hearing that you can still have your period during pregnancy or that i may just be spotting due to implantation but i've had a lot of blood much more than spotting.
positive home and blood pregnancy with a  hcg levels is this a positive level. i had a miscarriage in september and had a light period in october and december and now pregnant with a  hcg is this good and how far long i'm i?
i have lymp nod on my left sides swelling near my left ear and a small lump random chest pains
i had tummy tuck  years ago now need cholecystectomy?
what makes a blood type rare? . my blood type is a- rh+. what does this mean exactly? is this considered a rare blood type? in a pre-op work up is when it was caught and the lab/dr freaked a bit. i was never told the significance of this information other than getting pregnant would be next to impossible. please help!
are there aids for a wrist sprain? wearing a sock around my wrist as the weather gets cooler helps a little bit. also i've tried wearing a magnetic bracelet running warm water over it (ice or cold makes it hurt) and i tried a product for arthritis pain but had a bad reaction to it. i fell a week ago on concrete and had a big bruise on my left knee and my left wrist is weak and hurts down through the middle of my palm of my hand (although both knees and hands hit the sidewalk). i'm . is this how one gets arthritis?
what are the types of sinus infections?
what causes the muscle pain in parkinson's disease?
does lack of sleep affect weight loss after pregnancy?
will medicare still only limit inpatient services and nursing home therapy services to  days at a time? . my -year-old father had a mild stroke october  . how should i prepare for medical billing? he has blue cross and medicare supplement coverage.
i took unwanted  contraceptive after my intercourse and had my periods  days after the intercourse am i pregnant. i had intercourse on  september and had contraceptive on the next day on  sept and the i had my periods on  sept. now its  october i have'nt got periods. i am freaking out pls help me. a'm i pregnant? pls help <negative_smiley>
i have no medical insurance. am i eligible for a free mammogram and if so how and where?
i woke up with swollen parotid glands?
how can viral throat infection be treated?
" year old girl ' "" wants to maintain weight of  is gluten/lactose intolerant. how many calories daily?"
i'm pretty sure that my lab has ear mites. can i give him human antibiotics
can scollosis that has been treated with a brace get worse as you get older?
is it safe to take a laxative once a month to clean your system out?
i have a great retirement health plan that does not cover my  year old son. . will child-only plans be available under obamacare?
what steps must be taken to become fertile if you have more male hormones than female hormones?
how long should a patient wait after getting the shingles vaccine to begin an antibiotic if they develop a uti?
can a -year-old take robitussin or any cold medicine when taking lexapro?
what herbal or other alternative medicine treatments are used for prostate cancer?
last week the doctor said that i have shigles today i have a rash from head to toe that itches is this normal?
what is anemia?
what kinds of flu vaccines are available for the - season?
 month old female has clay colored stools is it a liver problem?
my mother is in the hospital with pneumonia. my son also has it and been on antibiotics for  days. can he visit her? . she is  years old and lives with us. my son is . i have no one to leave him with and i want to be with both of them. it is so difficult to have our family divided like this.
what happens if i accidently took two minocycline  tablets at the same time. supposed to take twice a day and accidentally took two at once
my friend has immunodeficiency cant eat doctors say depression any advice?
is it unhealthy if a womens husband ejaculates inside her every time after sex?
can hair color applied to head kill lice?
can i take hormone replacement therapy (hrt) tablets while having a contraception implant?
 mo old smells like syrup all the time and she doesn't eat it. the baby  months old smells like syrup all the time her bed blankets everything and she doesn't eat it. i'd like to know if this is a medical condition.
what are the complications of ulcerative colitis?
how to get rid of vaginal discharges? . i'm sixteen i have been having vaginal discharges for a couple of years. it started a few months before my first period. is it normal? i'm tired of having the clear white substance in my panties every day. what can i do to get rid of it?
what is crohn's disease?
what if he hasnt had sex in a while sperm still present? . hi on january  me and my boyfriend had sex protected. i had just came off my period two days prior. the condom broke before he finished we immediately stopped and he went to the bathroom. then we tried again and it broke again. (im guilty of using too much oil. ) but we have not had sex in three months and he does not pleasure himself. could sperm still be in his precum? and also does oil kill sperm? im experiencing pms symptoms but not sure.
can i give my daughter (she weights  pounds ) bromfed dm syrup along with ibuprofen?
i think i may have lymphoma or lupus what to do next?
are beeswax candle fumes safe to breath?
i've been lactating for over  years and have never been pregnant. i started randomly lactating around  years ago. the best answer i got at the time from my primary care doctor was that a prescription medicine i was on at the time (either geodon or trazadone) was causing this. i've been prescription drug free for over a year and the lactation is still happening. also i started taking both meds roughly .  years prior to lactating. i've never been pregnant ever. any thoughts on why this is still happening how to make it stop and side effects from this?
cannot find medicare in your insurance list
what is chronic hepatitis?
what kind of infection causes whooping cough?
sex a month ago with condom and no ejaculation. took two pregnancy tests  days after and negative but still no period. i had sex a month ago with a condom and there was no ejaculation but i got a yeast infection a couple of days later which took a long time to go after the medication but i still haven't gotten my period. i took a pregnancy test  days after i had sex and another one  days after but they were both negative. please help.
should i have unprotected sex with someone that just received a hepititis shot if i am immune and she has an iud.
my period is  days late i have taken  hpt and a blood test (all were negative) could i be pregnant? . i am always regular. i have never missed a cycle. my cycles run - days and if anything i'm usually early but never late. i have taken  hpt and they were both negative. i went for a quantitive hcg blood test today and it was negative but my dr. said the level was slightly elevated but not enough to confirm pregnancy. i have pregnancy symptoms. i'm nauseated bloated sore breasts fatigue and frequent urination. is it possible for the tests to be wrong and me be pregnant?
i am taking ampicillin for a uti. i am worried it isn't treating it. how long should it take to feel no symptoms? . i was diagnosed with a uti. the doctor put me on cipro but due to previous issues with utis and kidney infections i asked them to culture my sample. a week later they called to tell me the bacteria in my urine was b streptococcus. i still had symptoms so they placed me on ampicillin which i have now been taking for  days. i still have symptoms and only  more days on the antibiotic. do i need to worry that it isn't being treated? should i call for a new antibiotic?
can a ct scan show that a person blacked out?
is there a problem with generic epilepsy drugs?
does muscle weigh more than fat?
how to get rid of tinea pedis on hands and feet of a child under  years old
what if i accidentally ate moldy bread? . i ate most of my sandwich then realized there was a tiny spot of mold on my bread. i don't think i ate any pieces with mold on it but i'm not sure.
what precautions should i take to avoid malaria?
what can i do about the side effects of medication for osteoporosis?
i have black pimples on penis corona what are they?
dandelion guarana and other herbal diuretics are they safe and will they help my weight loss?
"what is the likelyhood of getting pregnant from the penis going no more than "" in by accident during anal sex. so my boyfriend and i were having anal sex. we don't think anything more that pre-cum was coming out of him. all was fine but just before we were done and he had still not actually cum as far as he knew he slipped by accident and went no father into my vagina that one inch we are both really worried that i may be pregnant please help."
can excessive sweating cause a yeast infection? . i have started working out on a treadmill and wearing under armour pants that i was wearing while running outside. could the excessive sweat cause a yeast infection. i am  years old and have only had  others in my life. they were both due to reactions of being on antibiotics.
can i take tobramycin in eyedrop form if i'm allergic to penicillin?
what does it mean when im passing tissue that's white/gray or it's red/brown with gewy clots/discharge? . in the last few weeks i have been having tissue looking stuff coming out when i urinate. i do not know if i recall ever experiencing this. sometime it's white/transpartent with a grey tinge or sometimes it's dark red/brownish color. sometimes it comes with slimmy brown stuff. i experience small blood clots? i dont even know where to start to even figure this out. any suggestions? we are trying to get pregnant and i've been having regular periods. this started after my last menstrual cycle.
i am thinking to have varicocele surgery would it help?
lower back pain be a sign of pregnancy? my lower right side of my back right above my hip. it is a constant dull pain but with sharp intense bursts periodically. i am a day late on my period right now took a test that showed negative. could i still be pregnant?
i had a toenail removed and i am experiancing pain and discomfort is this normal? . the dr told me to wrap it with a dry bandage which stuck to my toe and i had to soak it to remove it and since have left it just bare and its starting to pain
my shoulder pops out and in by itself?
i have been using minoxidil lotion on my scalp prescribed by a hair loss clinic im now very worried that im going to have a heart attack?
i started bleeding during intercoursewhy?
i got a sore on my lip and now it got bigger and it burns?
can being born  days past your due date change your sexuality? . i have in my mind severe hocd and this is one of my obsessive thoughts. i was born on the  when i was due on the  and the thought popped in saying during those days i could have changed mentally and physically. i'm a girl and . this is a weird question but i need answers to calm down
why would sperm turn brown
could i be pregnant? or could it be after effects from the depo shot. since i got off the depo and switched back to the pill i'll get random pains in my lower right side of my stomach (like right above my pelvis area) sometimes i get nauseated on and off but i never actually throw up and i get headaches more than usual for me. i never had any symptoms on the pill when i was on it before and i was the pill for  years. i haven't gained any weight and nothing changed about my emotional health
"precum = pregnancy? . what are the chances of pre-ejaculate causing pregnancy? to be more specific; what are the chances of wiping off precum and then fingering getting a woman pregnant. . yes i know precum can cause pregnancy. the answers i have gotten vary between ""next to impossible"" to ""yeah most likely it will! "". it's all so confusing. i just want to know in my specific situation (ie; getting precum on my fingers wiping it off and then touching my girlfriends genitals) the chances of pregnancy occurring."
my mother is type ii diabetic woke up with marks under her right breast?
last week i had the flu a week later i had the flu again but worse. why would i get the flu two weeks in a row?
my  year old is constantly saying he is sorry for everything? . we have talked to him about it and he says nothing is wrong. we think it may be due to his older brother being a difficult child (he have adhd and is diagnosed rapid cycling bi-polar). an example is he gives his mother a hug and then for no reason apologizes. we offer to take him to a psychologist but he take it as a threat even after we explain that it would give him a safe place to talk if he feels he can't talk to us. is it just a self esteem issue. just need some advice.
i have pneumonia how likely is my infant to catch it? . i have been horribly sick for  days before they caught the pneumonia. i nurse my  month baby he's been around me my whole sickness he's very clingy. what are the odds he will catch the pneumonia?
trying to conceive but no success need solution?
how do i know if i have high blood pressure?
me and my husband are very sexually active no birth control used period is  days late. could i be pregnant? . i have marfan's syndrome and it is important to know the chances of me being pregnant. my husband wants to continue to wait and see if i get my period should i talk him into getting a test?
are antiperspirants harmful for a  year old girl? i heard they lead to early puberty and are not good for kids.
what to do if haven't had my period for  months and i am not pregnant? . my name is sara. i have been masturbating then i didn't have my peiod for  months now i have pregnancy simptoms. but i know for sure i didn't have sex and i am not pregnant is it a false pregnancy or what? what to do to have my period again without seeing doc and what do that simptoms mean?
what should you eat to prevent plaque in the arteries. my husband hasn't smoked in  yrs. but continues to. build up plaque. i feed him a low fat no salt diet. we go out once a week for dinner and he eats what he wants and has  vodka tonics. he is on satins and bp med. is there any foods that help reduce the inflammation in arteries and helps to clean the arteries of plaque? .
what is a high number for liver enzyme. my doctor is sending me to get a liver sample done because my liver enzymes are high. what is considered normal what is consider high and what is consider dangerous?
i recently had to put my cat to sleep. what is the best way to grieve? . she was -/ and had diabetes and the vet said she also had hyperthyroidism. . i suffer from major depression so i'm already taking venlafaxine (effexor) but what i'm wondering is what is the best way for me to grieve her loss? i had her since she was just  weeks old i live alone and she was my companion. i miss her so so much!
i need help with cyproheptadine use. i take cyproheptadine for increasing my appetite but makes me extremely tired and has stooped making me hungry. i am a  year old male. .
is penis size in proportion to height?
it never feel like my partners penis is fully going into my vagina and it still hurts really bad. whats wrong with me? . i have only had sex about  or  times each time hurting just as much as the first time. even after not having sex for a while my vagina will randomly start to hurt and feel really weird. it also always has hurt for me to use tampons and i thought that would change after i lost my virginity but it still hurts. i just want to actually enjoy sex.
can sugar intake cause neausea light headed strange feeling in top body and to pass out? . i had a ekg done and nothing but it also seems that when i eat sugar i get i little head ache and my blood pressure goes up.
did my current/only partner of  and / months give me chlamydia?
is it ok to take gentamicin eye drops with tylenol?
are smoothie king enhancers ok for pregnancy. are smoothie king drinks with enhancers in them ok for pregnant women
how do i use my epipen?
we are in the jungles of equatorial new guinea and developed open sores and swollen legs?
i have an itchy perineum and im not sure what is causing it. there is no rash and i have tried lotions and creams. it itches very badly and is worst at night and mornings when i wake up.
my son  yrs old is on cefdinir can he take delsym to help with the coughing?
i am ''' at - lbs and  yrs old. i noticed a horizontal line across the bottom of my stomach. what is it? . i would like to know what causes this line and if there is anyway to get rid of it. it seems to be permanent. i don't think it is a stretch mark because i have never been pregnant and i have always been on the skinny side i have never lost or gained large amounts of weight at once. also i am not currently pregnant.
pregnancy symptoms missed period sickness but nipple stimulations. not sure? . my girlfriend and i had protected sex  weeks ago. it was a day after her last period. we have had sex a few more times since then. before  weeks ago it had been  months since she had sex. now her period is late and she's feeling sick. she has recently started nipple stimulations to have larger breasts. i know that stimulations can induce labor so could that combined with a lot of recent stress the sudden sexual activity and a common cold or the flu account for the missed period?
how do i know that my jock itch is healing besides the reduced itchiness?
do i have genital herpes? . i am freaking out because i think someone may have given me a std. at first i had a yeast infection and i bought a medication and after using it i thought it went away. however later i noticed cuts on my perineum that hurt really bad especially when i pee. i tried using vagisil and neosporin but nothing has changed. this morning i woke up with little bumps around the vagina and what looks like a pimple on my labia minora. help me?
eating olives directly during the pregnancy is a problem? or how many olives is good for baby? . found lot of articles about olive oils but not on having olives directly. i dont like olive oil but i like to eat olives directly. can that be a problem for me or my baby? should i stop having olives or i can have  -  olives daily?
can oral z-pack make a child sleepy? . can a child who is taking an oral z-pack become drowsy?
i was diagnosed with gastritis i now have stomach inflammation?
darvocet was taken off the market. is there a similar drug?
what over the counter or suppliments work for low test. or low sex drive problems in men? . don't have health ins. so i would to try otc or a supplaments for low test. and low sex drive. please recommend the better ones that you know of. thank you
i am a  year old female diagnosed with gaucher disease type  help me understand my test results?
my  yr old grandaughter has a small indention an inch above her belly button that hasn't been there until now.
my  month old looks like she has all  teeth but complains of mouth pain and refuses food what could be problem?
how soon is it safe to get pregnant after stopping birth control?
what does it mean for a male to have very watery ejaculation
what are tailor exercises and how should i do them during pregnancy?
i am having severe stabbing pain at the base of my neck on the left side also with pain in my shoulder. due to the severity of the pain (scale of - i'd call it an  or ) i am seriously thinking of going to the er. this started last night so i slept on my back took an ibuprofen  and took a super hot shower with my wifes super massage head to no avail. the pain has only gotten worse! please help
any home remedy for nose bleeding during pregnancy? . my daughter-in-law has faced nose bleed problem in the first trimester which is continued into the second trimester as well. please advise. . thanks and regards . p. qureshi.
what is epilepsy?
i need help finding low cost or no cost health insurance for myself can you give me a link to a website or help. im  female work  jobs just to make my monthly needed bills and i need health insurance. my hubby is disabled and will be getting ssi and medical but i cant. please help me
my -month-old daughter just developed this sore/rash on her scalp?
can calcium citrate help relieve pain from menstrual cramps?
"can my dog have cogestive heart failure? . my  / year old female sheltie will not let me ""rub her tummy"". while doing her tricks she can't roll over. she has gained weight over the winter but almost  pounds in the last week. her chest is larger than normal which could be the cause of weight gain. we limited treats. went from active dog food to light. we have limited the amount to  / cups of dry dog food she continues to poop but seems to be more constipated."
what is your opinion on my breathing issues?
left shoulder blade has had a stabbing pain arm is numbing and left hand no feeling
can shingles affect the cornea of your eye? . my daughter has been seeing eye specialists and they have scraped the cornea to get cultures and ran tests they came back negative. they said it's possible it's shingles could that be possible? she has been taking antibiotics steroids eye drops she is  yrs. old and has had chicken pox as a child.
we have good insurance through my husband's job. our premium is going up % this year. . should we consider the state health insurance marketplaces as an alternative option? we're not sure that we're eligible.
does having white blood cells in a stool sample mean cancer?
my sister is sick and in bed % of the time. how many calories does her body need to maintain? . my sister has illnesses that keep her in bed almost all the time how many calories should she take in for her organs to function. she doesn't eat very often.
is there anything to relieve the withdrawl symptoms of oxycotin. i am trying to come off of  mgs of oxycontin in the morning and  at night. i would like to know if there is anything i can do to relieve the withdrawal symptoms in the meantime? i feel achy and sick at times with a lot of anxiety.
how much of an impact does vitamin d have on systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) and rheumatoid arthritis (ra)?
what is a fever?
what causes breasts in an  year old. my  year old grand daughter has breasts. maybe aaa size. her mom started buying her training bras a couple of years ago now she wears sport bras all the time. is this normal is there a cure or can this be treated?
how many times a day is normal for a toddler to have a bowel movement.
can medical marijuana relieve the pain from sinus headaches?
severe constant abdnominal pain yellow mucous blood in stool loss of appetite passing stool causes painful cramps. .  weeks ago i had a very severe stomach ache. next day i have severe cramping and stool consisted of mucus and blood with a fever. i was prescribed the antibiotic amoxicillin. stool contained large amounts of yellow mucous and blood. abdominal pain is more severe during bowel movements and mucus and blood still appear. i am an  year old female i recently started a diet in december where i now eat only healthy foods exercise  minutes  times a week. what could possibly be going on with me?
can i have an ectopic pregnancy with no uterus? . i have started premarin  months ago. i had a partial hysterectomy  years ago. in the last week i cannot hardly stay awake i have horrible lower back pain i nausea that does at times cause me to vomit i have to urinate - times throughout the night. i have no uterus one ovary and no cervix.
what is the difference between family practice and general practice?
my mother diagnosed with invasive ductal carcinoma now i have mark on breast?
does penile massage work. i am a  yr old male and have had shrinkage over the last year. does the massage help or is there anything possible to stop it and bring it back to what was normal. this just might be a very stupid? but very concerened.
can i still breastfeed with genital herpes?
dry humping with clothes on can lead to pregnancy? . hello. im  and  weeks ago i dry humped with a friend of mine. i was wearing jeans n underwear and he was wearing pants n boxers. i was even wearing a period pad(its called always) but some of his cum got onto my inner thigh from the outside of my jeans because his pants got wet from his cum. and my period is a few days or so late. am i pregnant? im really worried <negative_smiley>( p. s. i wasnt on my period when we did that
i never had a reaction to shellfish until i was . i'm now . will i have the allergy for life?
how long does the flu last. i am doing a project on the flu and my mom keeps pushing me to find the answer can someone help
can taking benadryl nightly to help me sleep cause dangerous side effects?
if i am feeling really hungry after exercising what is the best thing to eat after a workout? . and i am a guy not sure if that matters.
i am  weeks  day pregnant going by my lmp and so far have no morning sickness does this mean the pregnancy will fail. i have all the other early pregnancy symptoms sore/heavy breast having to urinate more frequently fatigue. i know i am definitely pregnant just worried that the lack of morning sickness is a bad sign for this pregnancy.
how to tight vagina opening? . i had sex before marriage and my vagina opening is very loose and want to make it tight again before marriage so that my husband couldn't know about my sex secret before marriage. so please tell me how could i if there is any medicine then also please tell me.
i was told yesterday that my baby has no heart rate at  weeks and  days?
i am a  year old female who has adhd and ocd adderall is causing some problems?
i am pregnant how long should i wait after i stop taking valtrex to nurse?
could i be pregnant. so my last period was on july  then according to my charting my period was due about august . on august  i began spotting on  and  bleeding then nothing. my normal cycle lasts about - days and normal - days. took urine test on august  was negative. please help been trying to conceive since february !
what does it mean when there is a red blotch on your scrotum? . hello i am a  year old male and just recently found a red blotch on my scrotum it isn't itchy and it is always moist i am not sure if the moisture is puss or sweat i think it might be some fungal infection or just jock rash but can someone tell me what i might have?
what is paget's disease of bone?
we already have health insurance. what are the benefits of changing to a marketplace option?
i have this small bump at the inner corner of my left eye is it cancer?
i have been in a lot of severe pain with my lower back since september?
i recently got bike handle bars to the lower abdomen and now have a hard rock like tender spot forming. what to do? . it has been just over a week since the crash it has been tender since then but the rock like formation did not start until  days later and has gotten what seems to be larger and harder. just a change in the connective tissues? or doctor worthy?
i don't know what i have. i have a white discharge it statred a day or two ago. its not smelly and i'm not itchy. i don't know if this has to do with having sex or not but my boyfriend and i are our firsts i have never experienced this before and i'm scared mainly because i'm  and i'm afraid to tell my mom because she doesn't know i'm sexually active
i am  year boy. i have ancne in my face. it left some black spot. what will i have to do to get rid of it?
what can of diagnots test are to find out if your  month old baby is allgergic to milk products. my dauther  months and she was in the hospital for  days with dehydration and high fever and blood in her stool and the doctors sated that all her test was find and today is monday and my dauther is still the same.
i have severe neurological symptoms like permanent exhaustion worsening memory lack of concentration anxiety and depression?
my pain in lower part and delaed of minstraution without any sign of pregnancy. hello everybody . anybody could help me for a certain facts that i have at the moment its been how many days that i am suffering from huge pain in my lower part lower back pain sometimes fever and also i am very delayed in my minstrautions for already almost two weeks and always have to urinate at night. but i dont have any symptoms of pregnancy so i dont know exactly whats going on. and bcos of that i am depressed couldnt sleep well and too much worry may i know what is this'? .
will eating turkey help me sleep?
is it best to exercise first and then eat a full meal or eat a full meal first?
why are my gums white looking today? . i have one of my wisdom teeth coming through that have been giving me a lot of pain the last week and a half. i dont know if it could be because of an infection? . also i think my anemia is back since i have not been taking iron pills anymore and i seen that may be linked to my unhealthy looking gums?
ive had  knee operations knee feels like loose?
began with extreme itching and some redness between last two toes and around toes. used otc cream to treat athletes ft. itching increased and now blisters are appearing. how to treat?
what is new in the treatment of hepatitis b virus?
my husband has had a fever and a cough for over  now. not pneumonia (had xray  days ago) what could it be? . his fever ranges between -. he is coughing up lots of mucous but doesn't feel any sinus congestion (no runny nose). he has been on an antibiotic for  now. he says it is helping a little but it's not taking care of the fever or cough just making the mucous less green. he had a chest x-ray  ago but it didn't show pnumonia should he be x-rayed again? he is also very pale in color as well as is experiencing dizziness headache and nausea. had a cbc blood work came back normal.
can you get bunions in your hands. can you get bunions in your hands or is it more likely it is arthritis?
my mom is suffering a head pain in the back of her head?
sometimes when i plan to eat a small snack i find myself binge eating. how can i put an end to this awful habit?
ive been having severe headaches and my mouth feels very dry and bloated tummy?
what is alcohol poisoning?
how can i tell if caffeine is the cause of my insomnia?
how long will it take for the hearingto return after a double ear infection? it's been  days now. i have seen an ent and finished one round of antibotics as well as had  shots. the ent said it could be weeks to months before all the fluid is gone. it this true?
is it okay to sleep with my make-up on?
what's up with this belly?
can flagyl cause yeast infections? . i am  weeks pregnant and  ago i was dxd with bv and given flagyl by mouth for . for the last  i've experienced burning swelling itching and pain around the vagina and noticed severe increase in clumpy odorless discharge. its painful to urinate wipe or clean the area. i am trying to keep it dry and clean. clothes hurt but i can't run around naked. i have a dr appt with my midwife tuesday but i still have to make it until then. is there anything i can do now to ease this?
"i have sensitive skin and can't find a sun block that won't break out in a rash. anyone have suggestions? . i have tried some of the most common sun screens available (coppertone banana boat etc. ) and even there ""sensitive skin"" formulas don't work. when i use sun block my stomach chest and back break out in a non-itchy rash. it just looks like a bunch of red dots all over me that last for about  to  days. is there a brand of organic/natural sun screen that is affordable that would work for me?"
since i've stopped menstruating i've noticed my skin is itchy and bumpy. what can i do for relief?
i have bruises and swelling on foot and ankle due to an accident can i exercise?
how is a damaged earlobe that had been pierced repaired?
will small business employers be required to provide health insurance or can they force employees to go buy their own?
is the flu vaccine safe for breastfeeding moms?
hurts to take deep breathe pain around belly button and pain under ribs. what is this? . this pain just started on monday. i thought it was just indigestion so i started taking a upset stomach reliever it's now next monday and it's still there but i went to the er on saturday and they said that my blood tests and lab tests came back normal xrays looked okay. the pain is a bit under my ribs and it hurts to take deep breaths and it's now starting to burn a little bit when i pee. what's wrong with me? . the doctor at the er also prescribed prilosec which i have been taking.
why do my breast hurt after my period ends? . why do my breast hurt after my period ends after a couples weeks then i think my period starts up again can it after the period ends.?
i have breast cancer raised creative kinase is it a secondary cancer?
can you take aleve and excedrin together? if not what can you take with aleve for a migraine?
what lubricant should we use if we are trying to get pregnant?
in a lot of pain. i get to the point were standing up is a problem and laying in bed is extremely uncomfortable?
what causes acne?
i have hashimotos. am i going to have heart problems within few years?
i have genetal herpes. is there any chemical that will accelerate me to have these more consistently? . my outbreaks have been non stop over the past couple months. an outbreak would occur and then go away and another one will follow it up right away.
mri showed a  mm lesion in my head inadvertently?
i am afraid of medication side effects so my doctor gave me a list of drugs to look up and choose from. is this ok?
girl i had sex supposidly had sex with me and one other a week apart how accurate & sure is it to find out who . im not sure shes telling the truth about it just being just  guys. how accurate are ultrasounds can they tell the exact day that you concieved. i had sex with her on saturday july  and she supposidly started her period thursday july  and i did not cum in her so what are the chances that it is mine? . and she said the only other person that she slept with was on july . and during the first  months can they tell exactly down to the day how far along you are?
will birth controls be covered by the affordable care act as a preventative if you are still a virgin?
got the depo provera shot may  still no period not prego spotting dischange brown color i don't know what to think. only had one shot and i am not taking it anymore because i don't like not getting my period i could understand if i was pregnant but i am not.
had allergic reaction to ibuprofen in july bladder went into spasms?
my weight keeps going up its not my diet or lack of exercise thyroid test is normal help? . there are some symptoms like tingling depression and i can start in the morning weighing .  eat a yogurt drink a oz glass of  and just step back on the scale and have gained  lbs seriously lunch half a sandwich half small apple water and step on scale gained  more lbs seriously and dinner reasonable portions of reasonable food and step on scale gained  to  more lbs! i exercise like i should every single day drink plenty of water! what is going on. i am frustrated
my son was born premature/was  wk early when can i start giving him cereal/baby food? . my son was due on sep   but was born on // at . . he is currently taking similac neosure and breast milk but is still strugling with the weight. . he is  pounds and  and i don't know which date to go by when selecting anything for him. please explain if i should consider him  months old or  months old. . . thank you
what are some ways to save money on prescriptions?
why can't i urinate?
can condoms cause the vaginal area to become red and swollen? . i just had sex for the first time with a condom. afterwards my lower vagina where the penis enters is now red and swollen. i have trouble going to the bathroom because it hurts so bad. i want to know what i can do to fix it without going to the doctor. but if i have to go i understand. tell me what is wrong and what i should do?
i have been throwing up constantly for the past  hours. should i go to the er to get an iv for rehydration?
i got  degree chemical burns on my leg now it is doing something strange why? . i got  degree chemical burns on a big part of my right upper leg last year september with drain cleaner. for the last month it 's making bumps that go away after a few days. the bumps are quite big and they itch like crazy. it almost feels like it is healing again. why is it doing this?
how can i fight toxins and pollution that can age my skin?
what is the best diet for hypoglycemia and weight loss?
is it ok to take phentermine zyrtec as together?
is it true that paper cups contain dangerous wax coatings and bpa compound? . al hamim hashim. ehs engineer trainee. larsen & toubro limited. sharjah. uae
suffering panic/anxiety attacks psychiatrist keeps increasing meds feel my brain is sleeping?
my labia minora are swollen with blood. daktarin doesnt work?
i'm searching for a family health insurance plan that covers  individuals for medical dental and vision. i would like a plan that has no referrals needed (similar to what used to be known as a ppo). does such a plan exist with the aca?
is it safe to eat kale or spinach everyday?
i am retired and on medicare but have a dependent adult (over ) son who lives with me and has no health insurance. he has been too ill to work for a couple of years and has no insurance since his cobra ended. he has several pre-existing conditions. south carolina did not expand medicare and ssi/ssdi turned him down. can i buy subsidized insurance for him under the aca? i file my income tax as head of household and claim him as i support him totally.
i am man is it possible for me to treat my body like its going through pregnancy i want to find out how that feels like? . hello i being loving seeing the beautiful and sexy body of a pregnant woman and i all ways want to know what it feels like to be pregnant and i like to do stuff to my body to see i can experience what a pregnant woman goes through during pregnancy
i'm just at the end of a cold and my nose is running non-stop. what causes this and how do i stop it. it seems i get this cold once a year and the same thing happens each time. it starts as a tickle in my throat then goes to my chest only lasts a couple of days then it finishes in my nose. my nose will literally run so snot is dripping from my nose non stop. . can you help me with this so maybe i can prevent the runny nose part.
since insurance companies can't charge differential pricing wouldn't all fees go up for everyone now?
can a multivitamin cause acne?
is it ok to dilute castor oil in tea will it effect it's reliability as a laxative? . as castor oil tastes so bad i diluted it in some tea.
got a haircut recently and barbers rash came up on the back of neck what cream should i use to get rid of it? . got a haircut last tuesday they faded it bald at the back of my neck and i felt a rash come up on about friday. what cream should i use to get rid of it? the rash looks like loads of little yellow zits not red bumps by the way. someone told me to just put some  on it and after a week it will go away but i want to be sure what to use so any help is appreciated.
can using a vibrator cause urethritis.
blood tests done for rheumatoid arthritis positive or normal?
what are exceptions for carrying a child on insurance until ?
does water ph affect medication? i have a filter that produces water with a ph from .  to . .
how often does a doctor legally have to see a patient to continue refilling a prescription on a noncontrolled substance? . i am regularly prescribed a medication for a stable chronic condition. i take it daily. it is not a pain medication or anything that could be abused. for a long time my prescriptions just automatically refilled but now my doctor's office manager is insisting that my prescription refill cannot be authorized because it's illegal to refill a prescription without having seen the patient for a period of time. is this the law or is she lying to make me spend money? . (not pain - topic forced)
if you have had the hepititis a immunizations can you still get hepititis a
a worm is crawling under my skin into my earlobe?
will the dental bridge change how i speak?
how to remove acne in body? i have some acne around my body(up) what should i do?
my hand shakes the tremor continues and my friends and family noticed it.
what type of doctor is best to diagnose neck and shoulder pain?
can walking pneumonia be prevented?
is it possible for a therapeutic overdose of synthroid to cause weightloss? . i have been on synthroid/levothyroxine for years. over the past year i lost (on purpose)  pounds. now i cannot maintain my weight. i have increased my calories by half and still am losing weight. could this be because my synthroid dose is no longer appropriate for my weight?
i am concerned i am possibly pre-diabetes?
i have horrible pain along my right leg?
what part does diet play in seborrheic dermititis
i have pcos and a retroverted uterus what is the likelihood of having a child?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of tempra ?
my friend slept over that had fever blisters. i have a burning feeling on my lips. i'm only  this could ruin me. im only  years old. i ve gone through enough in my life and i don t need this added. i didn t make any direct contact with her and i washed my hands frequently. i even washed the pillow she slept on. now my lips are burning and i read that s an early sign of fever blisters. i m freaking out and i have this burning pain in my lips. it ll ruin my love life. i drink after my siblings i kiss my grandparents i like to stay on top of school and now i can see my life having this giant burden in it.
 years old having chronic pain between shoulders for over . months?
i have cough pneumonia taking antibiotics cough doesnt go away?
how can you remove a condom that could possibly be stuck inside your buttocks? . i am not % sure if it is still inside me as i had gone to the bathroom and was not able to see if it came out. please help. would i still feel it? what would it feel like? will it come out by itself? how long would that take? im scared.
do i have lupus or some chronic viral infection?
boyfriends thigh cramped bruised and swelled up huge. cat scan ultrasound done no diagnosis. ? whole thigh bruised. about  days ago on the  of july my boyfriend had his whole leg cramp up on him. next day it started bruising and swelling. day  we went to the doctor. ultrasound done and there were no blood clots. doc said it could be lymph fluid? day  had cat scan and blood work done. no diagnosis. day  it is still swelling and bruising more. we made an appointment with a vascular surgeon on the  of july.
"how do doctors determine where a pulmonary embolism came from? . my sister died during a pregnancy from a pulmonary embolism. the autopsy determined the clot came from the femoral vein. . i am in human body and disease class and the topic that i picked from the hat was ""pulmonary embolism. i am going to use part of my sister's autopsy in my research paper. that is why i need to know how the medical examiner was able to make the determination of where the embolism came from. . thank you for your help. . radar"
my  year old daughter has been having a shooting pain on the top right of her head?
wake up in middle of night unable to talk swallow hard to breathe burning in throat coughing goes away quickly
if appendectomy is performed do i need to return home on the same day? if so do i need to arrange special diet? . i'd like to know what do i need to arrange in prior to the surgery as i live by myself.
is gerd(gastroesophageal reflux disease) curable permanently through medicines?
i quit taking effexor cold turkey and am having bad withdrawal symptoms. should i continue or go see a doctor?
can i still get hepatitis b through sexual transmission if i have already been fully vaccinated?
what happens if you drink water a few hours before surgery?
should i give ipecac to induce vomiting?
how is hyperthyroidism diagnosed?
what are the long-term complications of gerd?
why testicles shrink to smaller size and also penis becomes smaller in size? . quantity of seminal discharge also decreased. is there any role of testosterone in this case? what should be the treatment?
can you get cold sores from mono. my little grandson has recentlybeen diagnose with mono i drank after him i have been tired headache and my gland on my right side of my throat was swollen but has gone down and muscle aches which i rarely have and i have never had a cold sore in my life and got them just before the swollen glands
is the cervix normally closed even if you are not pregnant? . have taken five tests and blood work all saying positive for being pregnant but i am bleeding had a pelvic exam and cervix is closed so don't think it is a miscarriage but thinking it could be a false pregnancy and trying to get rid of a bad egg. needing an ultrasound but can't get one for another week. needing answers!
respridal. my son took respridal in  for less than  days. he has an enhanced chest area. should his chest area gone back down after stopping the meds or is it a prolonged side effect of the medication? thank you.
if i had a tetanus shot  to  years ago will it hurt me to get a tdap shot now?
worm in eyeball. putting on makeup; saw what appeared to be a worm in eyeball about the length of iris; moved sideways and then disappeared into eyeball
whst is a good shampoo for eczeama?
is it dangerous to skip the sugar pills in a birth control pack to adjust a menstrual cycle?
does a migraine always include pain or can you just have light sensitivity?
are propranolol er and propranolol hcl er the same drug?
when did i most likey have sex to become pregnant? . i got my period on august . i was expecting my period september  but it didn't come. i took a pregnancy test today the . the test was positive and it said i might be  and up to  weeks since ovulation. it also said my doctor would date me at - weeks pregnant. i'm just really confused by all of this and i'd like an estimation on what day i had sex to become pregnant. thank you!
what can cause bleeding during intercourse? i have not had a period this month and i been bleeding only during intercour. my tubes are tied so i can't be pregnant and i have never had this problem before.
what can be taken to clean body from thc expsoure
can you contract ringworm on your skin from scalp ringworm?
how do you know when to take a two year old in to doctors that has a fever and a cough? . he has had a fever all day ranging from . -.  at its peak today. he also has a cough.
i'm the only family member who got a flu shot and i have the flu and they don't. what could explain this?
what type of doctor should i see about osteoporosis prevention and treatment?
how do you get lingual tonsils?
i had three episodes of hematuria had a number of tests everything came normal but still have problems?
i booked an appointment to have a fraxel resurfacing procedure done. are scarring and lesions possible side effects?
my  old daughter took a  loratadine   ago. could she take a   guaifenesin?
i was diagnosed with shingles with no oubreak. i am still in alot of pain. it's been  mos how much longer w/pain? . i have had an mri blood work and was on valtrex  days after pain started and never had an outbreak. i am on gabapentin and don't think it is helping but am taking it anyway. ice helps and is soothing. how much longer am i going to endure this pain? it's excruciating stabbing itching burning all on the left side. please help!
after getting a cold i took dayquill then a hour lator nosebleed two days later started crying and blook came out fast. march-wake up coughing mucus out of my lungs call into work. leave the house and head to the local convient store to get medicine i get some dayqull get home take the dayquill works great hour lator my nose starts bleeding. two days lator well today i start crying about something and blood just comes out like crazy scared me bad is this something i should be worried about or is it normal
we are in ca. i have medicare primary and am covered under my husband's retirement health insurance as second. however our clinic has informed us that it is dropping medicare. how will that affect me? will i just be able to use my husband's insurance and not use the medicare?
i have bruises and swelling on foot and ankle due to an accident can i exercise?
who decides who can keep their doctor and/or their insurance? . my aca insurance plan has one gastro and one dermatologist for a county of   residents. also these two are not my doctors. my doctors told me they wanted to accept the insurance but the government picked/chose which offices could participate. not only did i lose my insurance i am losing my doctors of  years. why is my situation called a phony nightmare or lie?
i have a bad sinus head cold. can i take over-the-counter cold medicines along with my high blood pressure medicine?
can scabies infest throat? my  has been clearing his throatconstgantly. started the same time got scabies. my  has cough-var asthma had a flareup. in aug. pc ordered steroids & neb steroid  daily and zyrtec in aug. while on treatment he got scabies. cough improved he felt like something in throat constantly clearing his throat. sep at pc his sinuses throat lungs all clear-sent him to ent .  later at ent-had sinus drainage and throat clearing had increased to cough. ent gave him nasal spray. then got worse-went to er-prednisone & nebs up to  day & he is no better but lungs clear  %+.
what time of day is the best to take prenatal vitamins? i'm trying to lose some weight and get pregnant.
getting joint pains after the pregnancy?
what type of exercises are ok after knee and hip replacement?
what can i do to treat chlamydia at home?
it burns or feels like a dull pain at the end of urinating. is this an infection or std? i'm with a new partner. it doesn't hurt to pee until the very end. i've had an std before so i do feel paranoid about having another one. it doesn't feel like other uti infections that i've had but something just doesn't feel right. i started sleeping with my new boyfriend  weeks ago and ever since then is when this discomfort began.
pregnat not pregnant? birthcontrol help? . heres my question. i am on birthcontrol. and i feel as if i remain obvulating? is that possible amd of so. if in got pregnate second week of pills (mind you ive been on them for - months now. if i became pregnate on that second week and remained taking pill rest of the month u aware of pregnacy how and will ot effect the egg and sperm groing the cells? is it even possible for me to get pregnat? how can i tell son i can stop pills early on? not wanting to stop them of not pregnatn
accidental nicotine absorption through the skin. if a janitor is cleaning a locker room and comes in contact and actually gets tobacco chew on his arm could he test possitive for having nicotine in his system? . .
how can epilepsy be prevented?
what can happen to baby if durning c section if the mother is given to much ether. what can happen to a baby when the mother is given to much ether durning a c section?
could i be preganant with two negative pregnancy test results? . im  and had sex about  days ago(protected with condom) checked for holes and everything. im about  days late on my period and have taken two pregnancytests on different days and both were negative. i still havent gotten my period yet. about a month ago i had step throat not sure if that could have anything to do with it. and the last time i had sex i bled lightly the day after for a couple days(thought it was normal because only third time) please help me im really scared.
i have chronic pain on the left side of my back that spreads to the left side of my stomach?
stabbing pain under rib cage. stabbing pains right side under my ribs for several weeks started in july ct scan normal. i eat healthy now it is accompanied with awful nausea and vomiting. the nausea is constant i have vomited  times in  weeks (not pregnant) i have been to so many doctors and they are really not sure what is wrong. all of the tests have came back normal ct scan with contrast blood work xrays ultrasound of gallbladder and hida scan. for the hida scan gallbladder and small bowels normal and ef %
if my husband has had herpes for  years why has it not shown up for me during both my pregnancies?
i am receiving sdi until the end of may i am unemployed and have multiple sclerosis how can i afford medical insurance
i have a bulging hernia under my rib cage is it dangerous? should i have it checked? . i do have a hernia and the bulge from it is getting bigger. does this mean it should be looked at? would i possibly need surgery to repair it? i have had this hernia for about  it is under my rib cage in the middle. the bulge has been getting larger and larger. so my basic question is does this require surgery to repair? . nancy
how many calories does a  year old female need a day
i was diagnosed with cerebral venous sinus thrombosis by mri?
if i have some miralax that is expired would it be a safe to give it to anyone?
why do i wake up exhausted after a full nights sleep? . i workout daily and i eat healthy. i know that i talk in my sleep. often times i'm aware of it when it's happening but i'm still asleep or dreaming it doesn't quite wake me up. could this have something to do with my exhaustion?
my butt hurts when i poop and it itchs sometime would this be caused by worms
std questions. hi all . i would be grateful for any advice. earlier tonight i had unprotected sex with a woman i met for the first time. tonight i had been drinking and in the heat of the moment i failed to take precautions. i the intercourse lasted no longer than  minutes in truth i would be surprised if it lasted longer than one minute i ejaculated inside her (not worried about pregnancy as she assured me she is on the pill) later (minutes after we had finished) she got her period.
if i scratch my genital herpes area can i spread it to anybody if i dont wash my hands after scratching? . also can i spread it to other parts of my body? like hands legs elbows arms? . after scratching my genital area herpes?
does the aca have provisions and/or coverage for people on medicare to cover the % differential needed?
how can i control the lipomo. i have many nos. oflipomo in my body. pls advse
if you have had most of large intestine removed could you develop a vitamin definciency? how would that be detected?
what are the risk factors for toxic shock syndrome?
if an appendix ruptures how long would it take for sepsis to occur due to peritonitis?
i have been experiencing memory problems for the past couple months?
my boyfriend ejackulated in me four days before my period is it possible i am pregnant?
am i eating too much meat? . im  and daily i would consume like around  of meat either steak or chicken and still be hungry after a small peroid of time. is it ok if i eat more meat to satisfy my hunger because im worried if the amount i am consuming is too much already but if it isnt i would gladly rip into another kilo even. im a skinny guy who eats fruit+vegies. is it ok for me to keep buying heaps of lean meat from the butcher? i just dont want to end up with heart disease and cancer when im . thanks.
i had an embolism on the right side of the base of my scull am i headed for another embo?
can a child's skin color change due to over eating citris fruits? . skin on feet and hands has a slight yellow tinge and cheeks are a bit rosey. this child is  months old. .
i am in my third trimester and having twins. what can i eat to make my babies gain weight during my third trimester?
how often to feed a  month old dry cereal
my boyfriend and i are thalassemia carriers need advice regarding getting pregnant?
now that i'm in my  is it ok to eat just one healthy meal a day?
can i take benadryl after it expires and the length of time
my doctor tried three antidepressants on me for anxiety. all give uncontrollable shaking for - hr before dose? . my doctor had tried lexapro zoloth and cymbalta on me for anxiety. i am currently on cymbalta  mg. on all these drugs i have had uncontrollable shaking for - hours before each dose and increased anxiety - hours after each dose. it gets worse when the dosage is increased. should i even be trying to take antidepressants? what can i do about the shaking? my psychiatrist is stumped - never had this problem with a patient before.
sevear lower left abdomin pain almost groin. started  hrs ago. pain increasingly getting worse. normal bathroom habits as far as going but hurts really bad to sit down and stand up. i can't bend over at all. no relief except to lay down and not move. i had pelvic mesh implanted  years ago. i have had to have repeated surgeries for that (). last year i had surgery for acid reflux with hianial hernia. this is sudden pain getting increasingly worse. goes from right above groin up to belly button and out about  inches to the right if you were facing me. what should i do?
last period may  to . sex may . what are the chances of pregnancy?
can you get pregnant while on the pill?
i have pain and limited movement along right body side?
can u get a staph infection in the eye? . can u get a staph infection in the eye and if so how? could an eye exam equipment cause one?
what is the best way to treat persistent migraines?
my periods have always been weird – never normal. my latest period lasted three days and is very light. what is wrong? . i took a home pregnancy test and it was negative. i also had my tubes tied. could i possibly be pregnant despite the test?
patient having on and off pricking pain on his left side which last for - secs?
i have pain throughout my body i dont know what it is?
my problem is dry eyes eye drops and tear duct plugs dont work need solution?
i've had recurrent fevers for  months along with paleness fatigue petechiae chills and random pains. any ideas? . i'm a -year-old girl. i've had recurring fevers for nearly  months now (basically every day it goes up to / degrees then back down in the evening; some days i don't get a fever). also i have petechiae and i've gotten much paler and am always tired. my mom thinks i'm anemic but she doesn't know about the fever which doesn't fit in with that. i'm planning to tell her soon but i'm waiting until after summer; however i am getting very frustrated trying to find out what's wrong myself!
i have pain in my lower right side what can it be it been go on for two day
what are condoms?
can implantable cardioverter defibrillator cause afib?
i have a seizure disorder but im waking up with headache on one side of my head what does it mean?
is it now too late to get a flu shot for my kids? i thought you had to get it a couple months before the season began? . the flu is now in severe levels where i live. is it now too late for me to get them the shot?
my daughter developed a rash on legs may have been bug bites?
is it okay to shower immediately after sweating and exercising?
will you always get infected if you have relations with someone who is infected? . is it % sure?
can sids be brought about by giving food and chocolate before  months of age ng. is it possible that sids can be the result of the infant being fed baby food and chocolate before they are  months old? this was a formula fed baby whose mom fed him baby food and chocolate before he was  months old and passed and they said it was sids. was concerned about allergies from rushing him into more toddler diet than newborn.
a recent legal immigrant is  years old and has never worked in the u. s. can he apply for obamacare through the marketplace?
i could not bear the separation of my boyfriend. please help.
is barbecued meat poisonous to dogs?
what are pneumonia symptoms and signs?
my daughter has bronchitis and is on antibiotics (for it and an ear infection) - is she contagious still? how long? . my daughter has had fever cough lack of appetite and tiredness for a week now. i brought her in yesterday and the doctor diagnosed her with bronchitis and one ear looks infected. we got augmentin to treat this but i am wondering if she's still contagious with bronchitis?
i had unprotected sex  days ago. when can i take a pregnancy test. also i have not felt myself for the last  days. i have had nad nausea headaches felt light headed and a butterfly sentation in my stomach. whats the chances i am pregnant?
i accidentally took  of mucinex instead of . should i be worried?
will it hurt if you take flu vaccine more than twice a year. . i need proof that i took the flu vaccine but i lost the receipt. i can trace it back as to who was providing the vaccines.
whats the best dance party songs ever? . dance cover of justin bieber's song 'the feeling' from his album purpose. found this song pretty dam slick to dance too i really respect the comeback he's made with this album! follow me on twitter <link> instagram: <link> special thanks to my brother and robert hogg! shout out too planetbboy nation and all you dancers out there! . <link>
could herbal teas be counteracting my zoloft allowing my anxiety symptoms to resurface?
my  year old daughter has pubic hair?
i have really bad pain in both of my ovary sides bladder infection or ectopic pregnancy?
can diabetes be reversed?
can i get pregnant if he fingers me with pre cum on them? . two days ago my boyfriend fingered me. both of us dont remember whether he touched his penis or not before fingering me. not for long. n not so deep. i feel he had precum on his finger and i am scared i might get pregnant.! will i get pregnant? please help. <negative_smiley>
can you overfeed an infant
where can i find flu vaccine?
if i took birth control one dat and had sex the next day. can i get pregnant?
can you have both a sinus infection and strep throat? . my doctor told me i have a severe sinus infection but could also have strep but since he treated the infection with antibotics he said there was no reason to check for strep as the treatment for strep is the same. i have a severe sore throat have a hard time swallowing have a red rash on the back of my throat and i have a fever. is it possible to have both at the same time? my sinus' were draining down the back of my throat and i didn't know it until  days after my sore throat started.
i kissed my girlfriend when she had a cold for about  week and a half i have never had a cold sore will iget them now. have i contracted herpes even though i haven't had symptoms for about  months
can anxiety a side affect to depression?
what are the reactions to an epidural
when i eat nuts i break out in cold sores canker sores and neck rash. is this a common reaction?
i dont understand my pap smear result can you help? . i had my pap and this are my results: diagnosis: atypical squamus cells of undermined significance. predominance of coccobacilli with shift in vaginal flora bacterial vaginosis. thin prep image directed technoligy utilized. hpv-hr positive for one or more of the following high/intermediate risk hpv dna. serotypes: /<negative_smiley>////////<negative_smiley>/ so my question is what this means? do i have to worry about it?
could i get pregnant from oral sex coming in my mouth kissing and then him giving me oral sex? . i have always wondered this but if you give a male oral sex and he comes (including pre cum and ejaculate (not necessarily both so if he doesn't come what's the chance with just pre cum and what's the chance with ejaculate? ) in your mouth and you swallow and then you kiss him and he gives you oral sex can you get pregnant?
my mother was diagnosed with multiple myeloma now cloudy eye lens is it eye cancer?
does soy milk cause gynecomastia (man boobs)? . my son is lactose intolerant and drinks a lot of soy milk (as he is a growing teenager). someone told him it was like estrogen and would give him man boobs. is this true? ! thank you!
one of my front teeth has a veneer on it that is stained. what is the cheapest treatment or at-home care solution?
what can taking pain pills and drinking alcohol with svt and high blood pressure cause? . i know someone who takes up to  roxy  mg a day and has taken all different kinds of pain pills for  years. she also has drank alcohol everyday for the past  years. she has had the heart condition svt for  years and high blood pressure for  years. what can this combination do to her body? and what can she do to help stop?
can you get a darker skin when you go outside alot when its cold?
is there any time limit for joining medicaid especially for people under green card?
how can i getting started with aerobic exercise?
i have this small bump at the inner corner of my left eye is it cancer?
is there a way to get monolids? (naturally)
what adverse reactions can occur with the measles vaccination?
what can i expect during week  of my pregnancy?
i broke my tibia bone doctors are saying different things?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of flu cold & cough medicine?
how do i use pain relievers/fever reducers safely?
is aerobics a good exercise to loose fat in belly?
is it possible to get pregnant  days after your menstration?
what causes a common cold?
can colon cancer cause the inability to achieve or maintain an erction?
do you recommend washing your face before you go to bed?
what type of chair would be most comfortable as i recover from back fusion surgery?
i had a disc removed ( ) pain in my lower back has never improved?
can i use ciprofloxacin for a sinus infection?
what if i am already pregnant and use plan b?
what causes what looks like pin prick sores that itch on extremities and lower abdomen?
something to worry about? colon cancer? . my husband is having an endoscope next week. he has has severe bloody diareha for years and he has massive swelling on upper left abdomen which started a few months ago. the pain is severe to the point where he feels as though he is splitting. in one month he has gained  pounds due to this mass on his side. he is  years old i am very concerned about the symptoms. i know we will find out soon but i'd like to know how to proceed after the endo and do his symptoms sound indicitive of cancer?
i suffer from a continuous reduction of hemoglobin?
can overuse of tineacid cause penis issues? male using this product since aug. now has rash and soreness of penis. penis is red and swollen have been diagnosed with urinary tract infection taking antibiotic cipro for past  days.
is it harmful to get more than  tb test in a months time.? . received first test  weeks ago the  days ago received  half and now they are saying they did them both wrong and i have to do them again. is this safe?
can a premature baby who did not receive the pertussis vaccine because of an intercranial hemmoage recive it as an adult. i did however receive diptheria and tetanus vaccine just not pertussis.
i have asthma and i take ventolin inhaler and seretide inhaler been having difficulty in breathing for  weeks and a constant cough for  months with clear phlemg
i have a rash under my armpit what kind of treatment should i use? a group of  red bumps slightly raised and itchy. just really trying to figure out how i can start the healing process and get them to go away. thanks!
at  weeks pregnant i fell and twisted my ankle. what can i take for the pain and swelling?
constant dizziness shortness of breath after exercise/large meal. ekg echocardiogram lung scan normal. rbc %. what can cause these symptoms? constant headache dizziness. shortness of breath after exercise/large meal/lying down. ekg echo-cardiogram lung scan chest x-ray all normal. rbc % eosinophil slightly elevated.
i have an anxiety problem?
diagnosed with abnormal liver function and gallbladder disease what should i do next?
prozac does not work for my depression and anxiety anymore. condition worsened. i am /o female. i have been taking prozac for about  yrs now for depression and anxiety. within the past couple of years my condition has resurfaced and worsened. therapy has not helped. i don't do drugs and rarely drink. i am not suicidal but have no will to perform every day tasks or even want to leave my house. i am a stay at home mom and feel like a robot just doing what i have to do for the kids. i have lost any interest in enjoying life.
what happens to someone when they get parkinsons disease?
can trichomoniasis live outside of the body for example (in vasiline used as lubricant? ) i ask because of reinfection.
what is infertility?
after being attacked and suffering with a subconjunctival hemorrhage i dont know what to do?
i am a male and a girl gives me oral sex and i don't ejaculate will she get oral or genital herpes
what are some nonimpact activities for people with osteoporosis?
what medication has a side effect of hair loss. i talk zoloft ambien prilosec detrol synthroid amitiza and lipitor
i had unprotected sex a week ago and took the morning after pill  hours later but started bleeding today why is this? . i had unprotected sex a week ago and took the morning after pill  hours later however it dissolved in my mouth before i could take it (however i didn't swallow all the dissolved content in my mouth). today however i have started to bleed even though i am not due for another  weeks. just wondering if this has been caused by the morning after pill or something else? after looking online i worry that i may have been pregnant and have miss carried.
can i keep teaching zumba classes if i was diagnosed with a herniated disc?
i get a salty taste in my mouth after i brush and rinse. what causes this?
"what does the ""dm"" in a cough medicine mean?"
can i have the virus hpv and be negative?
when i am nervous i shake sweat have facial flushing and red blotched areas on my neck. why does this happen? . i suffer from anxiety so i feel nervous most of the time especially at work and in social situations. i also flush profusely when i'm embarrassed when i laugh cough get angry or excited. this is disturbing to me as many people comment on it which i feel makes me even more self concious.
can my teenage daughter safely take ibuprofen and nyquil at the same time?
can you mix bayer chewable  milligram baby aspirin and tylenol  milligram infant drops?
what is the difference between ostio and rhumitoid arthitis?
what increases the risk of getting warts and plantar warts?
i am a single adult unemployed living with my parents. . do i need to include their income to apply for a health insurance subsidy?
how to treat clammy hands. my hands are constantly clammy and i always find myself holding back in many situations because i am embarrassed of my cold wet hands. how can you treat this? are there home remedies or possibly some type of prescriptions and if so what type.
why is my new prescription of zolpidem a differant color and size
how are hepatitis c relapses and nonresponders treated?
can scabies raise red blood cell count or lower oxygen in blood
hi i've recently undergone a vasectomy and after  sample i was asked to do another. after putting my second sample in the urologist has asked to see me face to face in  days time. im not sure if this is normal and i've worked myself up about this thinking they may have detected something in my sample showing something serious like prostate cancer. since the procedure i've had little aches and pains in my left testicle which i assumed was normal and may very well be. ive also had a bit of a dull ache in my lower left back which comes and goes i may not even notice this for days. should i be worried about them calling me in? they haven't said its urgent or asked me to take someone in. is it normal to be asked to see your urologist after a result
"what is in or surrounds the breast and wraps around the side that could be hurt by slamming into a door very hard. i was slamming into a door with my arm and side to get it to lock and felt something pop and then had pain in what feels like the inside of my breast and it wraps around my side under the band of my bra. i have severe osteoporosis and have had  spinal fusions in the last six months. i am not use to the diagnosis at  years old. i don""t know that i fractured anything as the pain is not excrutiating. but does hurt. would just like to know what is in that vacinity i may have hurt."
why do farts smell?
when i walk to work i get a burning pain in my chest like swallowing a hot potatoes. i am a smoker. what can this be?
can cysts move around on a person's body? . i have a cyst on my left forehead just above and between my eyebrows. not very large. once i attempted to squeeze out the roots seeds or whatever you call them. for a while it seemed to be gone but has since come back just under my left tear duct. it seems to be subsiding there but i notice swelling under my right tear duct now. it's so close to this tear duct that i'm afraid to squeeze it. this background is the source of my question as to whether cysts can move around or not.
should i get my backpain treated?
could i have been infected with molluscum contagiasum from gym equipment?
can you become pregnant with the same symptoms as having your period? . my last cycle was august . i have had cycle like symptoms{headache nausea breast tenderness mood swings} but no period. i am sexually active. for the past two weeks have been feeling very nauseous but no vomiting. i bled on september  but only for an hour. since then the nausea has worsened and sometimes i can barely stand.
does norvir cure hiv or aids?
there is a small purple/red spot on the bottom of my toe and feels like a needle is poking it. what could it be?
after finding out so late what can i make sure the baby is fine and how long can i consider to be in my pregnancy? . i barely found out i'm pregnant. i recently had few symptoms like fever nausea and vomiting for about a week already. my period has always been irregular so i didn't consider me being pregnant after not getting my period for .
in severe pain in my lower back and legs had mri what does it mean what should i do?
no overys hotflashes  years will they stop? . etopic pregnancys no overys taking no more hormones hotflashes are killing me took replacement pills for  years stopped  years ago doctor said they would stop after a few months didn't. does anyone no how memapose works for a woman with no overys? please help! thank you mary
i fell when i got off of my bed onto my wrist. it's swelling and sharp pain shooting up my arm. is it fractured? . i can move it.
i vomit after having a meal that is beyond the way i used to. but they are telling me that i did not ate too much. why? . when i ate that is greater than i was used to i vomit. but people around me keep on saying that you've not eaten that much. previously i had a heartburn.
what is the problem with taking medications past their expiration date?
can you drink olive oil when pregnant? . i have gall bladder sludge and is very painfull. i heard if you drink a shot of olive oil and glass of cranberry juice every day for a week it will flushn them out. just want to make sure its safe for baby?
i have noticed a massive change (weight loss) in myself without having any change of diet or exercise now worrying?
i need health insurance by jan.  but it's going to take longer than that to work out how much assistance i will get. . can i get a policy now and pay the full premium then after i get my assistance set up get a refund or credit for the extra money i paid for the premium to that point?
how much salt substitute can i take with low dose lisinopril?
if you have sex on the  can you tell you are pregnant by the ?
how to overcome premature ejaculation?
is my new girlfriend allergic to me i mean in a medical way?
does it take boiling water to extract antioxidants from green tea? do i need to worry about antioxidants?
my daughter has a ring around her iris is it a kayser-freischer ring?
who gets hypertension?
i have chronic sinusitis cant use continuous positive airway pressure (cpap) need relief?
"can i stop lisinopril cold turkey. i was given this drug when i suffered a mild stroke. i am  yrs. old and otherwise in good health. i believe this was given as a ""preventive"" measure"" and i wish to stop taking it."
how will estrogen change me from male to female. estrogen effect in my life
major sleeping difficulties for the past month due to anxiety. restless legs meds dont help. no caffine. reg schedule. sleeping pills do not help. stopped melatonin since i was getting pounding headaches. concussion about one month ago but all symptons have disappeared. daily activities same. often up for days at a time. major depression for years but now symptoms seems to be leaning more toward bipolar. it seems like a can fall asleep on the couch better than in the bedroom. . please help. . meds include xanax paxil topomax and requip in addition to occasional percoset or oxycodone to treact chronic pancreatitis.
i have been evaluated by a neurologist but my rheumatologist is questioning my symptoms need second opinion?
can i use over-the-counter cold and flu medicines if i also take medication for a low thyroid?
does getting flu shots over the years might end up giving you alzheimer's disease?
when to see a doctor - how urgent is abnormal vaginal discharge? . my perineal region feels dry and sore appears really red and feels hot. i do have discharge i have not seen before. there is a brown/pink fluid (not clear) and when i clean there are what looks like clumps of skin (pale pinkish/white maybe a little grey) but it is not offensive. i had assumed the skin was peeling away from the dryness and irritation of cleaning. i was using large absorbent tampons i do not have a fever and i am not sexually active.
what happens when you get electrocuted? . i was doing some electrical work and i reached behind an outlet that was pulled out of the wall to connect the male and female ends of a plug and for maybe a second or two i had jolts of electricity go through my body. my after affects were nausea headache and i could feel the effects in my arm it felt like the electric was still going through my body for a half an hour or more. what are the long term effects?
i have severe sinus blockages and infection so i am having sinus surgery?
i've become dependant on an over the counter nasal spray to not be congested. how do i fix this? . i started taking a cvs brand nasal spray about - weeks ago because i had a cold. ever since i started taking it i'm completely stuffed up unless i use it even though my cold is long gone.
can poison ivy rash return same place after  months? . rash returned same places on arms after  months since had first rash. . haven't been any where near any plants no pets to come in contact with poison ivy. any one ever hear of this happening?
i have many symptoms: chills shakiness trouble sleeping weakness need second doctor opinion?
im only  but experiencing health issues associated with elderly people?
had fine needle aspiration- result : i have bone marrow and plasmacytoid cells in neck?
is tens (e-stim) safe to use for prostate?
is it safe for an adult to take valium while taking concerta?
are lipotropic b - injections safe for weight loss?
i don't have periods due to taking nuvaring. how would i know if i was pregnant since i don't have any periods to miss? . the last two times i put the nuvaring in i put it in a day late. i have pregnancy symptoms and am wondering how soon i can take a pregnancy test for it to be accurate. i know you normally would take one several days after a missed period but i don't have periods.
red wine lowering blood sugar level. hi . i have type  diabetes last few years. i am using metformin + tablets. i noticed that red wine is very good for lowering blood sugar. yesterday after supper i had  glasses of red wine and before going to bed i had only .  sugar in my blood. i understand that doctors don't want to say that alcohol is good but red wine for me (glass or two) is very good. i didn't try and prove with other alcohols but i can suggest  glasses of red wine a day. regards. zoran markanovic. dartmouth ns. canada
what should people with pcos eat and should not eat?
with nerve damage from  fusions and problems walking what exercises will help me lose  lbs? also got fibromyalgia. the nerve damage is from the incision through my left side for my fusions. numbness pain and sensitivity is in buttocks down thru left knee with pain down whole leg. also have moderate to severe left groin pain. can't sleep so have a bad habit of eating late as well. attempting a food log. i need help losing this weight! i've tried so many different diet pills and nothing works.
fear of taking blood pressure. i have a total fear of taking my blood pressure. that started after one day i was allergic to a medication and my blood pressure went so high that i went to the emergency room. now i have such fear that every time i take my blood pressure it goes up because i am so nervous. i need to know what my real blood pressure is what can i do? i need help. thank you
what to eat with a kidney infection
"does ""take with meals"" mean before or after eating to take medication?"
i am going to be trying to get pregnant soon and want to know what are blood type and rh tests?
hemorrhoids. can nuts(of any kind) & nut butters aggravate hemorrhoids?
why does my testicle sack droop when i am hot and shrink when i am cold
does anyone have any idea what might cause repeated episodes of  vomiting and diarrhea? . i have had four episodes of vomiting and diarrhea in the last  months. in october it was a week apart. then nothing til the end of december then again in january. i have no symptoms leading up to these episodes. i wake up in the morning nauseous start having diarrhea for several hours then it progresses into vomiting and diarrhea.  hours later i am fine. i go back to eating normally and have no symptoms. . any ideas? any other possible explanations or things i can do to find out definitively?
when it's cold or sudden drop in temperature why do i get a cold sore on lips? . response insufficient. so does sudden drop in temperature (even during summer) cause a body to react or be more susceptible to an airborne virus which brings on a cold sore? treatment seems to be same. bummer.
what is erythropoietin to treat anemia?
ive been having feelings of blacking out and my heart will race and my chest will burn.
"i have a single round bump on my forehead what could it be? . it looks kind of scaly. i have a really oily forehead i dont know if that could be affecting it. i tried ""popping"" it once. it only bleeds no pus at all. its been there for some time possibly months. it doesnt hurt or bother me other than aesthetically. i can even apply pressure to it and it will ""flatten"" for a bit. but it will eventually return to its round shape. i have absolutely no idea what it could be and its rather embarrassing. any ideas tips on how to get rid of it"
ive recently gone to the dentist and said they found oral cancer?
i have developed an almost crippling anxiety problem it's hard for me to go any public places. hard to go to target run errands etc. it's even becoming hard for me to go to work. i have suffered with that range from not being able to catch my breath body shakes clamminess heavy feeling in my chest most of the time. i'm not really sure how to deal with this anymore.
soap to cleanse female area. is there a soap that is non drying to the vaginal area
could i be pregnant. my boyfriend and i were fooling around and we are always careful in what we do to avoid pregnancy. we were doing oral sex and then things got heated up and he 'teased' me by rubbing his penis just above my clitoris. there were no pre-cum on his penis as i was performing oral sex on him before he decided to tease me. immediately after he did that i went to the bathroom and washed myself as i didnt want anything to travel up my vagina. the stress and worry that i might be pregnant is killing me.
can i take acidophilus while pregnant? . this is my first pregnancy and the first year i've gotten bv. i've had it several times in the past year. it cleared up before with flagyl but now the bv never seems to go away. my ob is hesitant to keep prescribing it every month while i'm ( mos) pregnant which i agree with her. i read that acidophilus and folic acid supplements seem to clear up bv naturally. i am currently taking a prenatal vitamin. is it ok for me to take additional folic and acidophilus supplements as well?
felt dizzy pain in left arm high b/p fast heartbeat rushed to hospital?
i havent had a period for  months?
how long does the pain of a sunburn normally last it is minimally a  degree burn possibly a  degree?
is it safe to take the revolution abdominal cuts natural supplement with birth control pills?
what happens to someone when they get warts and plantar warts?
after giving birth i continue to vomit  –  minutes after eating?
i have cronic pain all over. i was on oxecodine but my doctor will not refill. i have neuropathy the pain is awful. . i cannot life with this pain anymore i'll be  and life for me is not good. my heart is damages and cannot have any operations i have diabetas cronic disc disease. i need help i have lung cancer wich is being treated. also at a stage  kidney issue. my doctor put me on juniva which caused me to get pancreaseitis i was in the hospital for  days and went into cardiac arrest. i know i have some after effects from this. please help me thank you sandy
i have struggled with a urinary tract infection (uti) been on antibiotics  times?
can a woman that has had a cold knife cone procedure have kids? . procedure was done when she was  she's now .
what is the best way to rid yourself of nasty little bedbugs?
can a sinus infection trigger a tia? i have small vessel disease and have had both occure this year at the same time.
its been  weeks since i had my surgery to my acl and meniscus today my leg popped?
it is a week after possible conception. i am about three weeks out from my period but i am seeing early pregnancy signs. i have been tired and recently have been feeling nautious and there was a day where i was very dizzy to the point where i couldn't get off the couch. i also have had spotting and mild cramping on and off. i know it is very early but i have this weird feeling and cant help but think i might be pregnant.
can adderall be prescribed for weight loss?
i am experiencing a problem keeping an erection. are there natural remedies that can be taken for this?
if i don't have genital herpes now how can i avoid it in the future?
how can i stop late-night eating?
can you still ovulate if you miss your period? . my periods have been very irregular since i had an abortion last year and i go a month to two months without a period and then a month to two months with one. the last one i had was on may  and lasted until may . i have not had one this month though. according to my period tracker i am  days late and today is my ovulation day. i had unprotected sex this morning and am really worried there might be a chance i could become pregnant.
"could my tonsil stones be related to pain in my stomach? . recently i've been waking up with intestinal pain "" above my belly button- about once every two weeks. after passing a lot of gas the discomfort goes away. i saw a dr about my tonsil stones before my stomach problem began and he put me on a strong antibiotic prescribed a mouth rinse and said if this didn't work i would need to have my tonsils removed. it didn't work. wouldn't the bacteria causing my tonsil stones be living in my intestines as well? could these problems be related?"
how can pockmarks be repaired?
what is emphysema?
i had a reaction to one of the lipsticks i was using. my lips are very sore and have a burning sensation. what to use. i had some kind of reaction on my lips to one of the glosses or lipsticks i was using. my lips are very sore and when i try to apply lipstick they really burn. i think they are irritated. what can i use on them so they will get better. i keep using the medex for lips which usually helps but am having a hard time getting them cleared up. help i am desperate. hate going without lipstick.
how to get fluid behind the eardrum to drain. i have been to the doctors several times and on several antibiotics and i have no pain in my ear but i cant hear from the fluid built up. what can i do
my bf and i had sex / got period / it came early. i feel crampy and have back pain could i be pregnant?
what is r/o encephalopathy. i know that encephalopathy is a brain disease but i need more information please.
what tests are used to monitor ulcerative colitis?
i have problem breathing and its progressing?
can epilepsy or a long seizure cause long term memory loss? . teenage girl experienced seizure for at least  minutes before getting to er. prior events and people in her life she struggles at best to remember? seems to be okay short term memory. she has generalized epilepsy.
can you take headache relief (equate brand) medicine with tamiflu?
my daughter just sat down in our toilet as in in the toilet water. i have hpv. i'm scared. will she catch it? . she was taking a bath and i left the room to get her pj's and when i came back maybe one minute later she was sitting inside the toilet in the water. i have genital warts and have used the toilet before. should i be concerned? i cleaned her right after with soap & water.
how does fibromyalgia affect sex and intimacy and how can we address these problems?
what is paget's disease?
can genital herpes be only one bump?
does preparation h help with dark circles under the eyes?
what's less damaging: smoking  cigarettes per day or picking two days of the week and smoking  on each of those days? . i know that light smoking still poses significant risks; i know i can still get cancer one day from doing it. so please don't answer by telling me that. i'm looking to significantly cut down in order to lessen the damage i'm doing to myself while still indulging a little in one of my favorite activities. so here are my two options: a) smoke about  cigs/day (about /week) or b) pick  nights/week say two nights when i'm out socializing and smoke about  on each of those (about /week)?
i have a itchy rash that comes and goes what could be causing this? . the rash appears in different areas of my body for an example a rash showed up on my wrist and stayed a while and went away. later the same day it appeared on my stomach and then on my thighs etc. its itchy while it is present. at one point my hands first turned red and then start to itch really bad to the point i had to wash my hands repeatedly. i work in the medical field so i wash my hands a million times a day. what could be causing this reaction?
sharp extreme pain in ball of foot especially when i touch the opposite calf. did a v hard exercise class  days ago. really painful stabbing sharp pain in specific point of ball of left foot. comes when anything (even very lightly) touches right calf in certain places. went to a v intense exercise class  days ago which gave me muscle pain but none of the sharp pain until  days after. . i don't know how the right calf and left ball of the foot are linked? but there is definitely an extremely painful response in left foot when touching the right calf. would be great if someone could help me find out what it is!
what can happen by giving a  year old child albuterol because she coughs and is not prescribed to this medication. my son yes who is  years old does from time to time have to use albuterol and is also on pulmicort because of bronchial tube infection when was an infant and done through nebulizer treatments. my daughter who is  years old come to me begging for a puff of albuterol because she had a chest cold with a little cough here and there but nothing bad at all. my ex wife is playing dr. and giving her the albuterol for a simple cough and is definitely not been prescribed to her by the pediatrician. help
is it ok to take nexium at night before going to bed?
i have a big deep scar where my doctors did a deep grinding on my face to removing acne scars. what can i do?
what could this be? i have burning bumps on one lip of my vagina in one spot only. . i have like - small bumps that almost look like bug bites right on the right lip right by the vaginal opening only in one spot. they hurt. i noticed it a few days ago but it just kept getting worse. i've only had sex with one person in the past  years and i know we're both clean of stds. it hurts. like. i can feel it stinging even when i'm just sitting. and going to the bathroom and wiping is torture! it hurts so bad and i don't have health insurance and i don't know who to talk to.
"i am having bleeding after my stool and just this past month it has happened at least  times. i have always had constipation problems ever since i was about . i have sharp pains under my left and right side of my rib cage. my poop is very inconsistent in so called ""texture"". i cant go poop for at least  to  days in a row and when i do need to go it comes out of nowhere and the cycle starts all over again. i feel like the left side of my stomach is always in pain but im not really sure what to think. any suggestions?"
can a female ejaculate a white sticky substance similar to semen? . i was having intercourse with my girlfriend and she was on top of me. suddenly she got off and there was a white fluid all over my pelvis area. i have felt my ejaculation before but i did not feel one coming. i had a condom on and there were no leaks rips or breaks in it. my girlfriend cleaned herself off. the outside of the condom was more wet than the inside. we do not know who it was from. the substance was white and milky similar to semen but a lot more than what a man would ejaculate
what causes bipolar disorder?
what does high mid percentage in blood mean
my child has a weakened immune system. is it safe to vaccinate?
what are some slang terms for condoms?
can i get pregnant from taking folic acid? . just wondering
can botox be taken out?
how to avoid getting pregnant the natual way? . i'm  and engaged. my fiance and i agreed we avoid getting pregnant for the first few years of marriage. he doesn't want to wear a condom and insists on that i should take birth control but i disagreed. i don't believe in birth control due to the high risks of side effects. eventually i want and would love to get pregnant but after a - years of being married. i would like to know is there natural ways of having sex and not getting pregnant?
i had sex four days ago. he was really drunk and for part of it the condom fell off. . right when i noticed he pulled out. but i am still worried. should i take plan b
ive been trying to conceive about a year now if i take fertility pills will they help?
pregnancy test shows negative shall i take medicine to induce periods?
is it safe for someone with herpes to get a menangitis vaccination. i have read if you have herpes you are more likely to contract menangitis
is it safe to have laser hair removal for my unibrow so close to my eyes?
is is better to be spit on or urinated on?
chronic fatigue anxiety depression and digestive issues?
i have type  and my feet tend to tingle and in the morning they seem to hurt till i get up and move. is that normal? . i keep checking my feet but do not have sores on them however somedays they hurt or they tingle to the point of annoyance. i also have time where i go to bed and they do not hurt but in the morning they hurt until i get out of bed and get moving. any ideas?
i accidently mixed ibuprofen () and one aspirin along with  hydrocodone. what will happen?
does waking briefly during the night mean poor sleep?
social anxiety. i want friends where do i go? i have such bad social anxiety when i first get to know someone but then it lessens
how is a cataract treated?
are there lifestyle changes that bring heartburn relief?
will losing weight help my urinary incontinence problems?
i think i may have septic shock im extremely weak cant sleep fever?
i often take tylenol pm to fall asleep. is this a problem?
our  month old is having her tear duct probed. only one eye weeps but the dr says that both eyes should be done? . please advise.
i have hormonal imbalance i was diagnosed when i was a teenager?
will any of my regular medications cause tingling sensation of scalp?
i've got subdermal implant last thurs. and my youngest baby is . when can i have a safe sex with my husband? . and what are the risk and advantage having an implant? . how long it last? . is there's a possibility to got pregnant again?
do all women get early symptoms of pregnancy?
from blood test results i have found out that i may be going through some renal failure. . i must act fast to find some type of health insurance coverage. i am unemployed can't get work and have a limited amount of funds. where can i search for some type of an answer?
peeing alot back to back. okay so for like a week or so i will urinate and then  minutes or sooner i will feel like i have to urinate again. or i will leak a little in my pants. and not like  drip like a few. i am  years old and am in college and usually i would go before every class but now i am having to leave class  or two times and its interfering with my studies. what is the problem?
can a yeast infection cause pain in the urethra as well as the head of the penis? . originially thought to have prostatitis a month ago have been experiencing penis soreness urethra pain some redness. gonnohrea and chlamydia negative and  weeks of cipro provided no relief. now thinking it may be fungal. could this be a yeast infection and if not what could it be?
i've been smoking crack regularly now my limbs go numb chest gets tight and head fills with pressure am i in danger. hi i have been using crack cocaine recently and i'm starting to have complications. when i take a hit no matter how small my left arm immediately stiffens then tingles i a feeling of a lot of pressure in my head a spot in my chest on the last side swells up my throat tightens especially on the left side and its hard to breathe i also feel tight in my lower back. i know it's wrong to use i need to know whether these symptoms are life threatening or not.
what kind of help paying for health insurance do self-employed people get? . i don't have health insurance and haven't had any for many years. i could never afford it and i'm sure tennessee has no great plan or discount for me they never have. i tried to get bcbs once but it was too expensive.
i have been thinking about buying drugs online to save money is that a good idea?
what causes female sexual problems?
i have man boobs do i need surgery or is there a drug that can help?
if your kid is sick should you get vaccinated or wait?
with lupus am i missing anything by staying out of the sun?
is it normal to miss a period since being off depo for a year. i have had safe sex no condoms broke on me and i have been off depo since february  and its now february 
can type  diabetes be diagnosed by elevated liver enzymes or homa calculation?
is microwave popcorn safe to eat while takiing cipro
what are pregnancy symptoms?
what causes clitoral insensitivity? .  yr old female married for  years  children i know there doesn't seem like there may be a connection but after i had the sleeve surgery done almost  years ago my clitoris basically just stopped working. no amount of stimulation will bring an orgasm i have talked to the sleeve dr primary dr and shrink and they said it was all mental. i have been on a combination of anxiety and antidepressants for over  years. all of the medications i am currently taken i have taken before w/o issues
we have been trying to have a baby for over  years now and nothing is happening?
is cat nip safe for cats?
took   of nitrazam about  hours ago afraid of going to hospital?
missed birth control could i be pregnant? . i missed one of my birth control pills during my last week of pills before my week of placebo pills. i had unprotected sex during this time frame unaware i had missed a pill sometime during the week. i took the last two pills on saturday when i realized my mistake and i should have started my period by now. what are the chances i might be pregnant?
i cant fully turn head to left for about  years due to acute pain?
is hearing lose covered by most ins
herbies type . i need to know what i need to do differently if i have herbies (oral) is it just cold sores or will i get it other places also?
 hr cough suppressant if took dose hour apart by mistake will it hurt you?
i bought some cheap lip gloss now my lips have little bumps and are peeling. why?
can i take diphenhydramine while taking amitriptyline hydrochloride?
would it be dangerous for me to stop taking my crestor for high cholesterol?
my husband has been coughing up phlegm with bright red blood?
is there any way to speed up a cold once you feel one coming on?
what are the long term effects of being stung by killer bees? . i was attacked by a swarm of killer bees in central america in . i did not suffer from allergy/sinus problems until then. now i have allergy and sinus issues several times a year. could there be a connection or any other long term effects? it was severe enough for me to be hospitalized.
is there a connection between menstrual cycle and ulcerative colitis? . i was diagnosed with u. c.  years ago. soon after i married i was afraid that birth control pills would be ineffective because of diarrhea that i had. i decided to switch to the depo provera injection. after some time the u. c. became controlled and i needed no additional medication for u. c. i have had regular colonoscopies and have scar tissue but no on-going disease process. i have symptoms when i have regular periods and during the last  weeks of both pregnancies.
will my taste come back after taking cipro and flagyl?
i have or think i have cystic fibrosis when should i contact my doctor?
what could be causing my wife's nipples to burn? . not from tanning pregnancy or breastfeeding.
i have had scarlet fever  times this year. is it normal?
is sulfacetamide sodium ophthalmic solution usp  safe for a four year old
i had neuroendocrine tumor evaluation is it affected by an increase in pancreatic polypeptides?
what inflammatory diseases put women at risk for heart disease?
i think my tinnitus caused by lots of ibuprophen i was taking after an injury. have stopped med when will ringing stop?
wearing of masks to be made compulsary for doctors while in hospitals? . mers is a recent case originated from a guy who came from saudi arabia. and then the spreading of this disease now has made many at a risk. why can't the hospitals make this a mandatory requirement that doctor's when examining a patient wear a mask. so that both the patient's and doctors could save their life instead of spreading fro person to person!
i have a white pus coming out of the tip of my penis?
can lack of sleep cause you to gain weight?
i have arthritis in my knees and my leg stay sore and feel like they are about to cramp is there anything i can take? . i take hyland leg cramp pills but they only help for an hour or so. i talked with my pcp but they have no answers can someone please help me. .
how can i get rid of calcium in my corornary arteries? . a ct scan of my coronary arteries revealed a score of . any way to decrease this score? my hdl is  i exercise and walk everyday don't smoke and i am thin.
can laser combs and/or laser treatments actually restore lost hair for women?
i removed an ovarian dermoid cyst by laparoscopy  months ago i am not getting pregnant?
is there a safe and effective herbal alternative to using anxiety medication such as zoloft? . my doctor prescribed me zoloft over a year ago for anxiety but said that she only wanted me to use it for one year then try to go without it. i stopped it in october and was fine for a while now my anxiety has returned. instead of going back on zoloft my mother-in-law mentioned trying an herbal alternative however i want a professional opinion as to whether or not there is a safe and effective herbal alternative that is okay to take.
i have blood in urine convinced it could be cancer?
i keep waking up with violent coughing but feel fine and don't cough during the day. should i go to the doctor? . i had a cold for a long time nearly a month before i started to finally feel better. now i feel fine during the day but when i go to bed i wake up with violent coughing. my nose isn't running but i do have some mucus at the back of my throat throughout the day. i seem to sleep better when i'm in a more upright position
is it possible to be allergic to powdered sugar? . for about the past five months i've been experiencing times of stomach discomfort. on four different occasions now i have awakened to nausea leading to a mid-middle of the night vomit. every time i have vomited i had consumed powdered sugar the day before. my doctor diagnosed me with ibs but i feel that something i'm consuming is making me sick. has anyone experienced anything like this? thank you.
"i have a lump on the outside of my left wrist that aches at times. what can i do for the pain? the lump is "" & oval."
do babies have kneecaps? . babies do have kneecaps – theyre just softer than yours.
can u give a child simply garcinia. that is  pounds over weight
lower back pain be a sign of pregnancy? my lower right side of my back right above my hip. it is a constant dull pain but with sharp intense bursts periodically. i am a day late on my period right now took a test that showed negative. could i still be pregnant?
no sex through opening but genital contact. got period  after contact.  days later discharge with blood. help me. mild vaginal pain with vaginal discharge: clear with blood after straddling him with clothing on. night before vaginal discharge i had vaginal powder on and it was burning me down there. not sure what's going on but need help.
i sometimes see a red area at the bottom of my vision field. i also have increased floaters and blurred vision. i struck my glasses on a car door two days ago and have begun seeing the above symptoms.
can being over weight cause arthritis in your feet?
my husband got the shingles vaccine and then within the year got a bad case of bell's palsy. is there a connection?
if you had shingles once can you have another breakout again?
what percentage chance do i have of getting pregnant at  and taking the mini pill perfectly each day?
what causes lupus systemic lupus erythematosus?
"when going to your ""not regular gyn"" they do a pap smear. could it be possible that they accidently dislodged your iud?"
are there other medications that are similar to flagyl? to try if flagyl doesn't clear up diarrhea? . had diarrhea with lower abd. pain that lasted about  weeks. treated with  round flagyl. no more abd. pain but diarrhea returned. on second round of flagyl. if this doesn't work is there another medicine like it that maybe they can talk to the dr. about? on first round of flagyl dr. did stool culture and ova and parasites. this came back all clear. this doesn't make any sense to me how could it not show anything but the flagyl is helping? just not clearing up completely.
i smoked cigs for  month averaging about  a day. just wondering if any irreversible was done. i did quit since then. i started smoking for a month after a period of depression a couple of months ago - cigs most days with a couple more on bad days. i would estimate i probably had  packs total over the period. i went cold turkey as i started to get my life together and hated the ill feeling from them. i exercise regularly and eat healthy and i am still young. i would just like to clear my head and hear that i did no damage permanent to my lungs. i know it takes a bit to recover hopefully to %.
why do middle ear infections increase in the winter?
what is neurocardiogenic syncope? . neurocardiogenic syncope is the most common reason for fainting. neurocardiogenic syncope is also called vasovagal syncope.
are there any changes to medicare advantage plans hmo versus ppo because of the aca?
i am  and i haven't seen a regular period should i be worried?
im planning to do at-home treatment instead of the laser treatment recommended by my dermatologist. is it worth it?
my labia itch intensely especially after i urinate. no other symptoms. is it possible to be allergic to my urine? . i took a home test for a uti - negative. i took a  day course of monistat thinking it might be a yeast infection but that made no difference. i am  and celibate for several years but this itch has been going on for about  months. vagisil soothes the itch nicely but don't want to live on vagisil. obvious answer is to go to a doctor. problem is i have profound latrophobia - fear of doctors. an exam is out! i have allergies to everything so i tried new tp and detergent. no help. any ideas?
can the two step tb skin testing cause numbness in your feet. i recently had the second skin testing for tb. since that test my toes started to get a numb feeling and now  days after the testing both of my feet entirely feel numb and i have tightness in my knees.
ive been diagnosed with ms (multiple sclerosis)
i have copd i cannot catch my breadth every morning when i wake. it takes me  or  hours of coughing. can you help? . i use an exercise bike daily and generally feel pretty good. my mornings are a nightmare. can you suggest something. would an upruight bed help me?
i received a urethral bulking procedure with the coaptite injectable implant now in constant pain doctors dont know why?
what foods can i eat with colitis. ii'm have colitis i would like to know what foods are good to it for it.
what parents can do when their  years old girl masturbates?
my  month old baby doesnt reach his development milestones?
had surgery for acoustic neuroma having secondary effects?
i do have a sprained ankle (. ) what dose that mean? .  days ago i fell and injured my and and fott the doc gave air cast-ankle and crutches. and did determan i have a sprain ankle. but he did not get much details on it. do i go to my family doc? and how do i know how bad it is?
treatment or drugs for patulous eustachian condtition
can i use hunny on a popped pimple
right now i currently have no prescriptive insurance. however the two medications i take are relatively cheap because of a discount program that target has. if i were to obtain regular insurance (not prescriptive) would that mean i can't get the discounts on my prescriptions?
i was recently in the er for a bad infection concerned about atrophic liver?
what is osteoporosis and how does it affect children?
how long does a  shot last. i've just received a  shot from my doctor. how long can i expect the results to last?
the hair around my temples is getting thinner. what can i do to restore my hair to its original thickness?
if you have genital herpes and take a bath with someone can they get it?
how do you treat a chipped knee cap (patella)? do i need surgery? xrays confirmed the chip (s). i am not in pain when i walk but can't kneel. i can't stand anything to touch my knee. it is slightly swollen but not bruised much.
can a hemorrhoid fall out?
does excedrin lower blood pressure?
im only  but have problems remembering very simple facts happening more and more frequently?
can pneumonia shot cause als
can viagra stop a period?
can taking biotin cause yeast infections? . i have been taking biotin () once a day for the last  weeks since i have been taking it i have noticed  things my urine smells extremely bad and i have been experiencing symptoms close to yeast infections burning when urinating. i notice it happens after i take the pill in the morning would it help to take it at night? . . i am taking it as a routine vitamin for hair and nails. not medically necessary
how is osteoarthritis diagnosed?
how is prostatitis diagnosed?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of bromfed dm?
does caffeine cause heart disease?
was on birth control for  years then i stopped a week later i got my period for a day then it stoped could i be prego?
i have been diagnosed with pcos need second opinion?
can  boost metabolism. i've just started taking  mcg of vitamin b- sublingual tablets. i'm hoping they will boost my metabolism. i'm  and eating maximum  calories a day (dieting). regular exercise is almost impossible due to back pain etc. does anyone know if the above dosage of b- might boost metabolism or am i wasting money and hoping for results that are not likely.
what problems should i watch for during the first trimester of my pregnancy?
"when will my feet stop growing? . i am a teenager (age ) who is '"" tall with size  feet. i am turning  years old in july. i have been a size  for about a year now and want to know if my feet are finished growing or are close to being done."
my lymph nodes under my arm are swollen. pain level . went to er no solution need advice?
i have recently had breast surgery removal of calcium deposits with cancer cells?
what is the recommended spf to use for summer?
does cardio equipment accurately calculate the number of calories you have burned?
can trap shooting cause/aggravate an existing minor rotator cuff injury? . i have pain in my shoulder/upper arm especially when reaching overhead or moving against resistance. my chiropractor indicated it could possibly be a rotator cuff injury. however when i participate in trap shooting the shoulder becomes quite tender and sore. just wondering if the trap shooting is causing further injury to an already (possible) injury.
could my -year-old's ear infection cause a high fever ()?
who gets osteoarthritis?
is swimmers ears serious? i don't have ear wax ears damp all the time. i'd had a doctor tell me i had this years ago but never did anything about it. so i didn't think it was a big deal. but my ears feel damp all the time & i don't have ear wax. should i be concerned?
what are the different types of prostatitis?
how to feel better with migraines and depression
does posture cause cancer. my mother had lung cancer and i was told it was caused by her posture. i would like to know if this is possible.
my problem is dry eyes eye drops and tear duct plugs dont work need solution?
im taking metformin for diabetes. what kind of otc pain medicine can i take for a headache?
what should i do if i have been around someone who has extensively drug-resistant (xdr) tuberculosis?
its been  weeks since i had my surgery to my acl and meniscus today my leg popped?
what are the complications of diarrhea?
can birth control affect fertility later in life? . if birth control is used for lets say  years could it affect fertility after those  years? does birth control lessen your chance of having children later in life?
should i continue exercise if i have a cold or bronchitis? . i developed sinus pressure and chest congestion. i continued my running. when my symptoms didn't improve after  weeks i went to a doctor who gave me a steroid and an antibiotic but said it was okay to keep running. i recovered mostly though i still felt the symptoms a little. last night i developed a dry cough which feels again to be in my chest and i have a little sinus pressure again. my exercise helps me mentally but is it the cause of my prolonged problem?
what is a good name for a comedy tv show? . comedian gurjeet jhutty discusses malton indians uber and tinder at absolute comedy club in toronto. <link>
why do i dislike some vegetables?
tested + for flu a & started tamiflu helped but been  days now and ears hurt and extremely sore throat. . hurts to swallow. no fever. clear nasal drainage. non productive cough. is it common to have bad throat pain and swelling and ear pain with flu? do i wait it out or go to urgent care center in morning?
what is wrong with my toddler? stomach virus? . his pattern: fri. morning threw up food immediately after bile.  hrs later threw up once more (little bit of milk) fine rest of evening/night. woke up sat. fine all day (ate nuggets  milk pedialite gatoraid popcycle apple all day). sat. late night/sun morning  threw up twice fine rest of night all mon. &today until  he threw up once. took him to late clinic doctor suspected strep because the pattern was so spread out to be stomach bug it was neg. said he didn't know gave him zofram
everybody tells me a sunburn turns into a tan. is this true?
i am taking lisinopril for high blood pressure. i wake up with a headache. is there a certain time i should take it? . i started taking it at night because it makes me tired and weak when i take it during the day.
both first sexual partners - herpes? . my girlfriend had a bad rash on her genitals area and she went to see a doctor and she was diagonosed with herpes. . . we've been going dating for over a year now. she was my first sexual partner and i was her first the doctor wants to check me up as well in case she got it from me but i don't have any symptoms. . . can herpes be transmitted without sexual transmission as well? . . help please.
can my  old have hemrroids he complains his rectum itches all the time. he has had constipation sense he was born. he took miralax for  now i give him fiber supplements but now he is complaining of his rectum itching all the time
high blood pressure for at least past week two episodes of blurred vision?
i'm  years old can i still get pregnant if i dont have a period
my baby has had a cold with rash and acting unusal is there any possilbe it could be? . small vometing medium diareah rash on tummy back and face rash very tired acting a little usual
my mother underwent tuberculosis (tb) treatment now started getting fever is it incomplete cure or relapse of tb?
after getting sick (step i believe) a sinus issue developed. has persisted and i'm having pressure headaches now. i took amoxicillin when i got sick. sinus issue persisted and developed into pressure headaches between the eyes. i went back to the doctor and was prescribed clarithromycin. it seemed to help a bit but after finishing my prescription i'm still having pressure headaches. the drainage is going into my throat and is mostly clear/white sometimes yellowish. changed the shower head and continually spray my shower with anti-mold (though dark mildew keeps seeping through caucing). what can i do?
what increases the risk of getting prostatitis?
i have terrible bone pain and muscle spasms is it due to celiac disease or other condition?
"what is drysol and how does it prevent hyperhydrosis? . i am a busineess major who works in the medical field for a large hospital organizational. in recent years though i was diagnosed with ""hyperhydrosis"" by my internal medicine doctor. she did not offer any treatment options. . . when i am assessing a patient at bedside i sometimes ""drip"" on them from sweating so much. this is gotten to the point that it is controlling my life! i i also sweat like this in  degree weather! . . . . drowning in georgia!"
can soap cause you to have a yeast infection?
can you repeatly get an ovrian cyst? . i am  years old. i never had children and i'am not sexually active. what can the reason be for a cyst? also once you had one and removed it can as cyst form again?
will testosterone gel promote post surgical bone growth after spinal fusion surgery to correct stenosis?
is it safe to have tb test when pregnant
how long does someone with matastic malignant paraganglioma have to live? . surgery and radiation have already been attempted. it has spread to the pelvis abdomen and lungs from originating in a kidney.
is it normal for a patient to have anxiety when having an uncurable severe illness?
i had a baby two months ago and have started exercising. what is the best multivitamin to take?
what is the reason for delayed periods after having protected sex?
i have had  episodes of sudden hearing loss in my right ear with loss of balance leaning to the right and nausea? . hearing will completely go in my rt ear and i get dizzy and lean to the rt barely able to walk without holding on to the wall. i have nausea and break into a cold sweat. has happened twice over a period of  wks. the room starts spinning. will last  sec to a min. i can tell when its going to stop b/c it will sound like an a/c has turned on in my rt ear and it will slowly go away. i have been taking antibiotics for  days now for an abscessed tooth but this started before i had the abscess.
what can i do to help myself deal with osteoarthritis?
for diabetes diet an article suggested brkfst-lunch-dinner //. is // with snacking not good? . good breakfast decent lunch and light dinner is a generally perceived wisdom. but is eating the heaviest (more cals) at dinner best for diabetes? i do snack every - hrs items like wheat crackers almonds or a fruit etc
my mother in law is bedridden shaking incontinent and virtually sleeps all day no one seems to care?
wet macular in one eye. other eye /. can covering the macular eye help the non-macular eye vision be more clear? . my motherin-law has wet macular. she has completed a two year research treatment using injections. stabilized but little improvement. if she wears a patch or a black or frosted lenses over the macular eye will this aid with the vision in the other eye. my thought is that the two eyes will not be struggling to be the dominate eye.
how long does it take to lactate in your second pregnancy? . i had my first child almost  months ago and i cant still be lactating can i?
does ringing in the ear cause the face to droop on one side? . im basically healthy and had ringing in the ear about  yrs ago due to a viral infection from a cold. i had a sore throat on the same side i took lipo-flavonoid and afte time the ringing stopped. i made the mistake and stopped taking it and receintly the ringing came back. several days later the same side of my face drooped. i am able to blink both eyes. some watering occurs from that eye if wind hits it.
i fell pregnant found out it was a chemical pregnancy now having non stop hot flashes?
what is a turp. i was told yesterday by a cardiologist that a turp is the removal of the prostate. i know that's not accurate. can you explain why he thought that?
how do you know if you are having twins. beside the results of an ultrasound? i have so much movement in my tummy. how do you know if you are having twins. beside the results of an ultrasound? i have so much movement in my tummy. i have my first doctor's appointment next week and i think i may be around  -  months pregnant. i felt movement and light fluttering already but in more than a few places can i possibly be pregnant with twins without the ultrasound revealing the truth?
what is the best medication for anxiety xanax or ativan? . i have anxiety and have been taking xanax for  years and i just wanted to know if ativan would be better for me. i am  years old and i have chronic pain and i take morphine er  and oxycodone  mg baclofen  mg and my doctor said i needed a letter from my other. doctor telling her i needed a letter from her stating i needed to take xanax. and they have tried other meds on my. my daughter is a nurse and she. said ativan helps with anxiety.
what can i do to help treat osteoporosis?
what are the diseases what can cause multimodal hallucinations. i know of dementia but what are the others? . the person does not use drugs alcohol and does not it is not a cafeine overdosis.
"is it commen to pull  inch pieces of ""string"" out of your face years after having stiches? . had a bad accident about ten years ago that required many stiches in my face. over the last few years i have pulled a string like substance out of my face. is this commen?"
i have a rash/welts that wake me up @  am every day. what could it be? . they're located on my butt abdomen and trunk area. they disappear and reappear as stated above.
if my underwritten plan $ deductible won't be available on jan.  i guess my cost will go way up. this is as i begin to pay to the unhealthy people. is this the way the aca is supposed to be? even though i'm  i have been paying premiums for the last - years and have not gotten use of the health services. will i pay even more for the next two years until i get to medicare?
will cephalexin clear up pink eye? . i was diagnosed with pink eye today and was given cephalexin. in the past i have been given eye drops for pink eye. just wanted to know if oral antibiotic will clear this up?
while having sex i felt a hard painful snap inside my penis halfway up. a hard elongated lump is now there. what is it?
what causes heart failure?
what is congestive heart failure?
what are the symptoms of gallstones?
i have high igg levels
i'm  weeks pregnant and cramping really bad should i be worried
can a male give a female bacterial vaginosis and can it be treated. or is it only found in women.
im on my  depo shot and i had unprotected sex then took antibiotic the same night. will i get pregnant?
mild numbness in my lower right leg only. no health problems woke up three days ago with it. no tingling. for three days i've had mild numbness in my lower right leg woke up with it and it hasn't gone away. i have no health issues except scoliosis. there has been no tingling it feels warm or cold but mostly just desensitized. what would cause this? should i give it a little more time to resolve on its own or see my doctor?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of clindamycin palmitate hcl?
i have been gluten free for roughly two years but still have major bowel problems?
i am a man in my seventies. when i ejaculate my sperm no longer shoots out. it seeps out over five minutes. why?
what about acute (sudden) blood loss as a cause of anemia?
cigarette burns – wont go away.
is bacteria vaginosis common in  year olds?
can niaspan cause a gout flare?
what is the best diet plan for losing baby weight if you are breastfeeding?
i started feeling nausea i have intense abdominal pain. my abdomen back and sides are sensitive and swollen?
im not pregnant an i am forming brest milk
i had unprotect sex my period was  days late i had some light bleeding that lasted day could i still be pregnant? . he pulled out but he pre came in side me and he didn't pull out on time.
please explain what modified adjusted gross income means.
after i do work in high heat i get painful throbbing in my inner ears and inner head also sever headaches! . i also get such a painful headache i can't bend over without feeling excruciating pain and nausea. could this be do to the heat or something wrong in my head?
i have all the symptoms of gallbladder issues but all my tests came back clear what could it be if not my gallbladder? . since the beginning of the month i have had a nonstop sharp pain in my right side under my rib that radiates to my back and up to my shoulder. have also been continutously nauseous since then. have had bouts of constipation and feel sick anytime i eat and the pain gets worse after eating. i have had a headache here and there behind my right eye and episodes of dizziness. have had ultrasound xrays ct scan and blood and urine tests all came back clear. had slightly elevated liver enzymes.
what happens if you have insurance through your job? should you keep it or do you have to change?
how is paget's disease of the nipple diagnosed?
my eyes almost feel like they are straining? . it feels like pain in the back of my eyes i do wear glasses so im not sure if its straining my eyes? . i have also just gotten over a cold and this strainging feeling in my eyes hasn't started till a day after i was almost over my cold. it's not constint pain just painfull when i turn my eyes to look at somthing or if i shake my head it genorates a dizzy feeling. could it be connected to my cold? if so what could it be an is it a big problem?
flesh colored birth mark now has discoloration and multiple small black moles is it cancer?
what is swine influenza ()?
my babyhas some spotsafter birth on her face what may be those are? what i should do? my baby is  months
can prostatitis cause oversensitivity/irritation to head of penis? . possibly have prostatitis and experiencing soreness/oversensitivity of glans and head of penis.
medication for prostate infection. i've been diagnosed with a bacterial prostate infection and have been prescribed a hefty dose of antibiotics.  sparfloxacin daily and  fluconazole daily starting with a  dose. reading up on your webpage though beforehand i see that this combination is not recommended due to potentially serious side effects. should i just ignore both medications and seek new advice take one of them or.? after reading online i don't quite feel comfortable in going with this prescription. thanks.
can you take dulcolax and levothyroxine
can too much alcohol cause hemochromatosis?
my daughter has not had a voice for  weeks only a whisper?
tubes tied  ago  its  now. need help. i am  old and just got out of a  lesbian relationship. had sex  ago and my period is  late. i have all signs i am pregnant like tender breast bloating wipe myself had a lil brown on it spewed twice did pregnancy test in the afternoon on monday came up negative. could i be pregnant.
i have pain that radiates to my back and down my leg to the knee. any ideas?
i am on prednisone and hydroxyzine for poison ivy. is it safe to take an oral decongestant as well?
hi i shaved my genital area andonce it started to grow bback i noticed i had some bumps in the area. hi i shaved my genital area andonce it started to grow bback i noticed i had some bumps in the area. it does not hurt but was itchy a few days ago. i've been with my girlfriend for over a year now and before her i did have a spree of sexual partners but always used a condom. i'm terrified i may have herpes. i have no flu like symptoms at all and i do once and awhile get cold sores on my lips maybe once every  years.
experiencing problems with my bladder
what labs can detect brown recluse venom after  years after bite? .  while showering- found on right anterior forearm-bite. . two sunken crusty itchy hard and tough blisters-minor swelling that evening. . next morning raised area with white ring center was red and brused at the two puncture/blister sites. ranch hand helped excise-with a blade flame alcohol cut / removed the area outside the white ring. . dressed it  until drainage stopped. eruptions came the next  years. can that venom affect my glands now? . test available for venom ck? . lymph nodes ent problems.
i had anterior cervical discectomy & fusion  weeks ago now having severe pain between shoulder blades. normal? . had discs  and  - removed. mesh was put around spinal column titanium plates and screws applied. i am now having severe pain between my shoulder blades. is this normal?
 year old girl respiratory infection rash taste buds enlarged reactive airway and cough variant asthma?
i was diagnosed with rp retinitis pigmentosa i need your help because i dont want to go blind?
i am  weeks pregnant and i think i have a severe kidney infection?
i have headaches and migraines like every other day! why? . what causes headaches that come and go some are severe some are not but they come on for a few minutes then go away for a few minutes but they do this all day. i have checked my diet exercise etc. even have migraines after intercourse. not during the orgasm but after wards! please help me figure out whats going on.
is it possible for a woman to get pregnant seven days before period. i have sex  days before period and missed period. wiil you get pregnancy  days before period.
dealing with being nauseous for a couple months it feels like my body is poisoned
i feel like i have a cold or the flu but i dont have a fever?
my wife is pregnant for  months now but she doesn't wanna have sex with me what should i do? cheat or wait? . she keeps making excuses and say im not in the mood of sex im tired and more. what should i do?
i'm vegetarian. i get a lot of headaches and i am tired all the time especially when menstruating. is this anaemia? . should i see a doctor or can i treat myself?
can the cold sore on my girlfriends lip spread genital herpes if she gives me oral sex? . recently my girlfriend gave me a blowjob. she had a cold sore on her lower lip. although the sore was completely scabbed over and is almost completely healed. she got it two weeks ago and has been using some type of medicine to get it healed. the bj lasted  seconds and the scab barely touched my penis. the sore isn't open at all so is there still a high risk of infection? whenever we make-out when she has a cold sore i never get one. and she generally gets them when she's really stressed.
where do headlice originate from? . what i want to know is where does head lice come from where did it all begin?
how are cortisone injections of soft tissues given?
why would feces be green colored?
can a male have sex before inguinal hernia surgery is it good or bad? how long before he can have sex after surgery?
what is staphylococcal infections
can benadryl have a side effect when combined with suboxone?
does sauerkraut cause gas?
what should i know about hepatitis c infection?
an indian internist used the letters  and then went on to say what aao stands for. i couldn't understand an idea? . he read from a chart: cvs or cns 
i have a splenic artery aneurysm and would like to know if i should have any restrictions? . my aneurysm is .  and i have been told different things to avoid by different doctors so i am confused. i need to know if it is okay to exercise(yoga pilates) and walk. i was told if it ruptured i would have time to get to the hospital ( minutes away) but was told by another that no i would not. i see doctors that are available because i use a indian clinic. i was told by one dr. since it wasn't a main artery it wouldn't rupture but told by another it didn't matter it was still serious.
 weeks late. negative pregnancy test but can i still be pregnant?
i was diagnosed with meningitis in january  i have no relief need second opinion?
can my three year old take childrens multi symptom triaminic(with antihistamine) and zyrtec on the same day?
i have rheumatoid arthritis stopped taking meds will i be ok?
im feeling discomfort in chest i did ecg and chest x ray all normal?
how is a migraine headache diagnosed?
pregnant with spider bites
when signing up for health insurance in the exchange what happens to families with mixed eligibility?
i am pregnant however i have taken the morning after pill twice any adverse effects on the fetus?
i have horrible pain just overnight in the ball of my foot (where a bunyan would be) and when i move or bend my big toe. it is also tingly at times but mostly just down right painful. any insight?
what's wrong with me? i have symptoms of paranoid maladptive daydreaming anxiety disorder. i think i'm paranoid i have most symptoms of it i also have this maladaptive daydreaming and usually about sad stories where i always cry i oftenly do lucid dreaming i have anxiety disorder i feel shortness of breath and rapid heartbeat always. i don't know if i am traumatized but i never thought of having suicide never. are these just the effect stress? i thought everytime i'm going crazy already. i wanna know what's wrong with me? thank you for answering and i think i also need advices
does my dog need a blood test before giving him heartworm meds?
what can cause active children to be overweight. my  year old daughter is very active but is very overweight. we eat healthy balanced meals & don't snack in between meals. she has been tested for diabetes thyroid & has seen a dietician to no avail. she was put on a strict diet by the dietician & gained weight instead. help i want to help her lose the weight before it's too late.
what is the best application for persons with ichthyosis?
can hepatitis c be spread through male sperm to child
i was diagnosed with pandas syndrome i often run low grade fevers have fatigue and chills?
"are organic vegetables better for you. i love vegetables raw & steamed. if a store advertises ""organic vegetables"" are they really organic and are they really better for you? and does this apply to fruit as well?"
can you be pregnant if you had your period on expected date? . i had unprotected sex about a week before my expected date of my period. then i got my period on the day i was supposed to get it. the only thing is i didn't have cramps as bad as usual it lasted  days. now it is the next month and i am waiting for my period on the expected date. and now i'm still waiting and it is four days late from the expected date. i don't really have any symptoms of pregnancy. i use the bathroom regularly no excessive urination no tender breasts. i have bit of nausea.
i had diarrhea all night and have the chills. now is turning bright yellow should i make the trip to the dr? . i had a low fever and migraine previous to the diarrhea.
is using a mouse causing muscle knots and now numbness and tingling in my right arm specifically around bicep? . i work from home and am on the computer typically - hours. most recently i have been experiencing muscle knots in my upper shoulder and am now having numbness and tingling in my upper arm specifically in the area of my bicep. i work out regularly don't smoke and drink socially. i eat relatively healthy and was wondering if the use of the mouse is causing this?
what are the negative side effects of fluoride?
i have end stage osteoarthritis in my left hip and an amputated right leg. i need a replacement hip and advice please. i have been advised to have a replacement as there are no other effective remedies other than drugs which will inhibit my ability to work and drive. . i lost my right leg several years ago (trauma not illness) and i wondered if anyone knows of or has experience of a hip replacement with other leg amputation. they and i fear not being able to work or walk if i have this operation but will be immobile through pain in a year anyway. any ideas or shared experiences gratefully received.
can having your scalp massaged affect the health of your hair in any way?
if a grade three pectoral major rupture is left untreated is that classed as medical negligence?
how can i get rid of a white-spot birthmark on my face?
my muscles freeze up from my toes to my neck what is this?
what can i do to help with arthritis in my feet on the bottom of my feet and they hurt badly
how is income used to calculate subsidy eligibility in the health insurance exchanges?
what is appendicolith. i had a ct done for pain that i have in the lower right abdomen. the finding is appendicolith is present in the distal tip of the appendix. what does all of these means? . do i need surgery? .
i have needle like pain in my right side abdomen and groin with some pain in back?
can my unsteadiness and imbalance be due to only spine issues or parkinsons or both?
heart rhythm disorder. my discharge papers says to get help if: you notice a change in speed rhythm or strength of your heartbeat. you suddenly begin peeing (urinating) more often. you get tired more easily when moving or exercising. i had my meds changed for this to a stronger mg on wednesday. today is friday. i am having rapid fluttering heartbeat and am peeing more often and lots more each time. should i be worried?
what is ulcerative colitis?
is the moyamoya disease covered by the affordable care act? . where i can get help for this disease? a plan a insurance that pay the medical bills for this disease.
what causes low oxygen level. although i have none of the symptoms of sleep apnea my doctor requested an overnight sleep study. . i could not go to sleep. did dose off few times. stopped test after  hours. . the next day i was contacted by pulmonary clinic and cardiac clinic to come in for pulmonary test and cardiac test. i requested that my doctor call me. she said the sleep study revealed very low oxygen level. . what causes low oxygen level? what is the corrective action?
is there anything i can do/take to help heal my sore throat? . the right side of my throat has been swollen and sore for over  weeks. i went to the er they said it was just viral pharyngitis but did a strep test anyway and it came back negative. it started to get better but now today my throat is completely swollen (still only on the right side) like you can't even see the opening on that side and it's difficult for me to eat drink and to talk because of the pain and my words are all slurred. i've been taking  ibuprofen for pain every - hours.
broken condom during placebo week no ejaculation still got my period. chance of pregnancy? . i had sex the night before my period was due the condom broke he was inside me really quickly and he pulled out right away. i know there was no ejaculation we hadn't gotten that far into it yet but just his pre-ejaculate. i'm on the combination pill and haven't missed any and have been taking them all as directed. i. did. get my period the next day it was a normal period for me. do i have a risk of pregnancy? should i be concerned since i did get my period?
does swallowing phlegm prolong bronchitis?
i am  weeks pregnant and i just got the tdap vaccine. turns out i had gotten it  years ago. should i be concerened? . i know the tdap is recommended for every  years. so i am worried this may have negative effects on me or the baby.
do antidepressants help arthritis pain. i was on lexapro for a number of years to treat the symptoms of menopuse. i recently stopped taking lexapro and am experiencing greater than average pain everyday. i do have osteo arthiritis. has anyone experienced this and is there anything i can take to combat the pain? i am taking ibuprofen and it barely helps at all.
what do my blood test results mean?
my father's legs are swollen from the knees down. he is taking cyclosporine. is this a side effect of the drug?
the phen/phen diet. just because some people had a bad reaction to it why make everyone go off of it. it worked for me! . why can't they find something similar to it. i have fought obesity my inter life and this was the only thing that really worked for me and kept the weight off for  years until they took it off the market. i had the heart test done and my heart was fine so why did i have to go off of it? . i know that eat healtier and exercising is the key i understand that but the phen/phen surpressed my wanting to eat all the time. now i'm up to  lbs. and i could sure use a boost of something.
what is the best way to remove facial hair from the chin and lip area? do lasers work as well as electrolysis? . should i get treatment only at a medical doctors office or are salons trained to do laser hair removal?
is it ok for a . /-year-old child to use a child laptop?
i have polyps around my neck. how can i get rid of them?
my daughter is  skinny and has a terrible family health history. what are the side effects of her using herbalife? . family history of: stomach cancer thyroid disease heart disease diabetes anemia hypertension and high blood pressure. . she's taking all their products: shakes teas supplements. everyday twice a day for  weeks now. please help. i'm worried.
can you tell gender by  weeks? . is the gender of a baby obvious by  weeks? i understand we have to be patient and wait - weeks but i'm just asking out of curiosity. i know at  weeks a baby boys and girls genitals look identical but is there a significant change at  weeks?
i had facial paralysis  years ago?
could my cold symptoms actually be allergies?
i have really bad swelling on my knee last two days been icing and putting it up is there anything else i should do?
is epstein barr linked to liver problems?
my granmother my told her shingles where internal? can't find any information about that. she has a very bad headache on scale of  to  she says  not sleeping at night- took a good  hour nap today. can't find any informaion on internal shingles though?
hi my dad has a fever lower left quadrant pain he is tired and no appetite?
what diseases are associated with celiac disease?
trying to conceive but no success need solution?
can macrids (nitrofurantoin) cause a woman to miss her period?
 year old woman suffers from numbness and pins/needles down one side of her body?
i need a pain management clinic in olympia/tacoma area proscribing medication that accepts medicare
how long does it take for internal sutures to dissolve for groin hernia repairs?
i have a sore throat and beginnings of an earache. i feel fine otherwise but it's very very hard to swallow. for the last three days i've woken up to a sore throat in the morning. i thought it might have been dry because of the change of seasons and maybe because the air is dry. it went away through the course of the day. except today. and it's starting to make my left ear hurt. what do i do?
does hrt cause midlife weight gain?
i am suffering from migraine for the last  years. there is throbbing pain is on the one corner of the head
is eating one not-so-healthy meal a day bad for you?
what are the symptoms of penile cancer?
can vitamin d deficiency cause pain while closing hands?
how can i teach my child healthy eating and exercise habits?
i had mild disc bulge and a degeneration in the  of my lumber what therapy should i undergo?
is eating fruit bad after meal?
is aerobics a good exercise to loose fat in belly?
i had unprotected sex with a woman and literally the day after i felt a dull pain on the tip of my penis. it's not bad mostly irritating and makes me readjust all the time. doesn't burn when i pee or anything and don't see any redness or topical issues. i've been reading that you should wait a few months before getting tested for anything so i thought i would check here in the meantime. any ideas? can i rule out anything in my mind?
how does cymbalta cause weight gain
i am a  year old man and get red eyes every day?
i have been having bad pain in my left thumb for a month now?
what causes body to stop producing oils? . i have recently started to have dry peeling and cracked hands and feet. my entire body is also dry and scaly. my hair is also begining to become dry and brittle it is usually the opposite.
i had upper chest pains with a cough hurting my throat and now im getting cold symptoms can this be pneumonia?
i completed my application for covered california's affordable care act. one of the requirements i need to do is submit a verification that i am a california resident. to whom do i send this information and would a driver's license suffice?
what is colitis?
i'm scared i can't get pregnant can you help? . i left a tampon in for two days and it was a while back but i'm having troubles getting pregnant
pressure like pain in my chest feels like someone is standing on it. flares up when i take painkillers?
after me and my boyfriend had sex i noticed small amounts of spotting and it hurts slightly when i pee. . not only that but this morning when taking a shower i got really light headed and had to sit on the floor. i started spotting some more and it started hurting down there again. after taking advil i feel better now. i'm on a daily pill birth control and i've been taking advil pm to help me sleep. thanks for any help.
not getting pregnant. we have been trying to conceive for last  months. i am getting some signs of pregnancy like breast enlargement with pain can observe montgomery glands green veins near breast and increase in tummy size. but both times i got my period is this a miscarriage or any problem. these signs go slowly once i enter period. what might be the causes for this?
does high blood pressure cause mood swings? . i have been out of my high blood pressure medicine and i am waiting for it to be delivered. i have had a couple cases now where my blood pressure has become elevated higher then normal and i get very mad very easily very quickly
is abortion safe at  weeks into pregnancy? . hi i am  weeks pregnant and contemplating abortion. but i am worry that it could be harmful to my body or worst. i have already had  abortions  live births  miscarriage. i am also a little scared to have this baby because all my pregnancy were high- risk and it put me and my babies lives at risk. yes my husband and i used a condom when i got pregnant with this baby. so i was just wonderng if it was safe or even recommended to go through with it based on my history.
should i give my  year old omega  supplement on top of her pediatrician prescribed vitamin?
red shiny penile skin after cortisone use. i used cortisone cream for a few weeks for dermatitis on my penis and the rash cleared up but my skin looks tight and shiny now. my dr. said to use vitamin e - i am wondering if a penis health cream ( man oil? ) would do the trick.?
i have a cold and bad joint pain in ankles wrist finers toes neck and sholders is this normal? what can i do for it? . i have a cold since saturday the snotty head kind. a little cough dry however every so often i will cough up some mucus. i have bad joint pain with this one. mostly my wrist fingers ankles and toes and neck shoulder areas is that normal? when i sit still for a while my whole body aches when i stand up and move. i have been taking mucus relief and tylenol and it helps a bit but i wonder if there is anything more i can do especially for the joint pain?
i hurt my neck  years ago is aps therapy good?
if a person touched blood on a public restroom toilet and then cleaned themself could they contract hiv?
who pays for medicaid bed hold. in a skilled nursing facility with a person receiving both medicare and medicaid who pays for bed hold days when you are hospitalized? is the patient responsible?
i suffer from neck and shoulder blade pain for  years now and the doctors dont know what is wrong and its getting worse?
ive been sick for over  years. i have stomach pain cramps diarrhea mild constipation mild headache mild nausea fatigued?
once you get an aca exchange plan can you come off and go on an employer paid plan or are you locked in the exchange?
is what i have a bartholin's cyst? . i've had cysts before and this one is much different. it is on the one side of my vagina opening (which is typical) but it remains very hard even though i've taken warm baths it does not drain it out it is extremely hard and purple. is it normal that it's purple in color? it is the most painful cyst i've ever had and i've never had any issues in draining it before. not sure what to do. is this a normal cyst?
i had a vng test and now my ears are ringing from the test can that happen. i went to ent because i felt like my head was full foggy feeling swaying. they did an vng test. while having the test when they applied the warm pressure of air in my left ear i had pain and discomfort this was done in jan. . since jan. i now have ringing and discomfort what do i do. they said i have meniere but in my right ear. the ringing is in my left ear. .
i had unprotected sex. what are my chances of getting pregnant?
what if your broken tooth is infected when your ready to have the crown put on?
my girlfriend dissolved a plan b pill in her (frappe)coffee was it still effective? . i pulled out before ejaculating and then put on a condom and finished/ejaculated inside of the condom. two days later she tried to swallow a plan b pill but threw it up because she has a very sensitive gag reflex. however some of the pill dissolved in her mouth. the next day she dissolved another plan b pill in a very small solution of water and put it in her frappe coffee. she drank all of it. is it still possible that the dissolved pill was effective?
after long inactivity can a women's area become like a virgin again?
on  mcg of synthroid currently. should i be taking more?
i have been drinking heavy for . i am trying to get pregnant if i stop driking will i get pregnant? been trying 
my period was to be last may  but untill now i havent had for this month i take p. test but its negative. am i pregnant? . my period for the month of april was  to  and i have sex contact on april  and may . until now i havent had my period for the month of may. i take pregnancy test yesterday and its negative. could i be pregnant?
my husband is taking neurotin and percocet. his father gave him three otc sleep aids last night. is it ok to mix them?
i had unprotected sex with my boyfriend a day before my period started he did not ejaculate in me can i get pregnant? . so i had unprotected sex with my boyfriend one day before my period started he did not ejaculate in me and usually my period lasts about - days and my cycle is about  days on average is it still possible for me to become pregnant?
what is the stomach flu?
i feel pain at center upper of the abdominal and between two ribs?
i made a very dumb and ignorant mistake as a  year old i took anabolic steroids?
can oxycodone cause rapid heart rate?
i was told im severely allergic to beef eggs milk almonds wheat and rabbit brush as well as  other things?
took a pregancy test two days ago and it read positive. menstrual bleeding for two days now. am i still pregnant? . i took a pregnancy test sunday and it read positive also gave me the week. on monday i noticed slight bleeding and painful cramping and has been going on for two days now. i'm i still pregnant?
i just had a miscarriage on friday. first time pregnant. how soon can we try again to get pregnant? i am .
i have a pill that i brought to work that i hope is an antianexiety pill. the only markings on it is  or . would you be able to tell me what pill i have in my pill container? i can not remember what it is. it is a white capsule with either  or  on it. it is  mg. i think it pay be a pain pill that i got  months ago that i take only on occasion. i am hoping it might be a anti anxiety pill as i forgot mine at home!
i get unconscious due to fits what should i do?
can a woman get cervical cancer from a genital wart on a male? . if a man has a form of hpv which is a small wart on the penis can he give the hpv to a woman who could then contract cervical/vaginal cancer from the wart?
can painful nerve endings with itching down the back of your leg be a result of an outbreak of genital herpes? . i was just diagnosed with genital herpes and i am taking valtrex. now my hands are swelling and i have pain and itching down my left leg in the back of the leg. the pain is like sensitive nerves. i am having trouble sleeping because of the discomfort.
will mucinex fast max help at all with laryngitis? . i don't think i need to go see a doctor because its only been going on for  days. will the mucinex help at all with symptoms until i feel the need to see a doctor?
how do i choose a calcium supplement?
"on nurtisystem for  days lost  pounds  from .  to . . . after being on the nutrisystem diabetic program for men for  days and losing a total of  pounds my  went from .  to . . i am ' "" and a current weight of .  pounds? why would my  increase? was it due to the previous  months?"
lumbar spinal stenosis. are sharp pinching and stinging sensations normal symptoms?
want to remove plate and screws in my arm  need  opinion
my daughters blood tests show some scary diseases and syndromes online?
can bactrim be used std. my old girlfriend was treated i was just notified
what is spotting? i am about to get my periods but i see white discharge and discomfort in lower abdomen. what is spotting? i am about to get my periods but i see white discharge and discomfort in lower abdomen. is the white discharge called spotting? i dont feel any symptoms of pregnancy as most people feel and discuss online. but my period was suppose to start on / which has not and i feel discomfort in lower abdomen.
is an excessive amount of dust a contributing factor for sinusitis
i'm a  old woman and wonder how often should i be visiting the doctor's? . i already see a gynecologist yearly and get regular mammograms just wonder if i should be seeing any other doctor's?
i have two cartilage piercings (piercing infections) that seem to be infected?
can extensively drug-resistant (xdr) tuberculosis be treated and cured?
what are some of the criteria you should use to determine if you should stay on a small group health insurance plan? . or to determine if you should go onto an individual plan? (less than  employees for small group plan).
can i sue tamiflu for a cold. can i use tamiflu for a cold
why is my period late? . my period is  days late. my boyfriend and i always use condoms. i just started dieting about a week ago consuming about   calories a day. i also just started going to the gym for about an hour  or  times a week. i have no signs of pms; i usually get really bad cramps. could the decrease in calories affect my period this soon or what's the deal?
i had mild disc bulge and a degeneration in the  of my lumber what therapy should i undergo?
vomiting no period not pregnant. since i lost wright for  years ago i didnt have period eversince. today i am  cm and  kg. also i have stomach pain and vomit at least once in a month. what could it be?
can osteoarthritis cause deafness?
how common are high blood pressure and preeclampsia in pregnancy?
my daughter's cycle is usually  days this month  days should i be concerned she is concerned about infertility?
my husband has been getting charley horses in his feet legs and fingers. is this a side effect of potassium chloride?
i have problem breathing and its progressing?
i have severe peripheral neuropathy symptoms after hiv exposure?
is the pneumococcal vaccine safe for pregnant women?
i have tinnitus severe post-nasal drip yellow mucus and dislocated jaw?
i have bloating feeling in my upper abdomen under my chest top of stomach?
can ejection fraction be improved by exercise?
my son has recently developed droopy eyelids and occassional slurred speech. i am concerned. what may be the problem? . he is age . a psychiatrist has prescribed adderall and zoloft along with ambien over the past months. his only official diagnosis is the hyperactive type of adhd. i am very concerned about a possible drug interaction or brain tumor.
are there dangerous side effects or reactions to childhood vaccines?
what can be done when heterotopic ossification breaks off?
will my dentures need to be replaced?
my mother has parkinson's disease. she complains her feet are sinking into the floor when walking. is this a symptom?
"can you use the same medication that you use for hsv breakouts for hpv genital warts breakouts? . if someone has hpv understanding that there is no cure for it can they use the medicine known for treating ""herpes"" breakouts or symptoms since they are somewhat familar and similar with each other(hsv and hpv warts) to help with the breakouts and related symptoms of hpv genital warts?"
i am married and my spouse and i both have full-time jobs and health insurance through our employers. can one of us opt out of our insurance without being penalized or taxed? what if our employer is the same?
my job is sedentary and i am gaining weight fast. how can i stop the gain? . my employer says we are only allowed to leave our desks to go to the bathroom and only are allowed to do that if we absolutely cannot hold it until our  min break or lunch. since i work in data production everything we do is timed and requires consistent data entry. we get two  min breaks and one  min lunch. that's only an hour i am allowed to move. i went from  pounds to  pounds and i walk  miles a day five days a week. please help!
i have been struggling to have bowel movements and there appears to be  wart like bumps. what could this be? . so for the past few weeks i've been struggling to poop. i frequently feel the need to but a lot of the time i can't actually. it also is irritated sometimes. i thought this could be pinworms because i've had them in the past few months but there are no worms. i noticed today while looking closely there seems to be two wart like bumps right into the anus. any idea of what this could be and what i should do about it?
can i stilll get pregnant with having a menstrual cycle every three to four months
i have type  diabetes. is it safe for me to start a low-carb diet?
does too much iron in the blood cell affect pregnancy
is food poisoning contagious?
can a stroke just affect the legs and nothing elsse?
is red pepper a good supplement to treat hypertension. i have read that a ingrediant in red pepper is very good at treating hypertension
what does deep cleaning mean for my teeth?
if allergic to pyncyllin can i use amoxycillian
is it safe to exercise during pregnancy?
i am postmenopausal. can i still get pregnant? . i am  years old and have not had a period since may .
what's the best over-the- counter treatment for diarrhea?
what causes teeth to become sensitive to hot and cold?
where is the spleen on the body of a man. what would the pain be on a level  to a .  being the most pain. before you go to the hospital. an will it stop hurting if you just feel an hit something in that area.
are there any exercises or stretches i can do to prevent shin splints?
leg falls asleep throughout the day?
i have been eating approx / of what i used to eat however my stomach is even bigger?
what are the symptoms of dementia?
does ginger raise blood pressure? . a friend with menieres diseases has been using ginger capsules daily to control dizziness. does daily use of ginger raise a persons blood pressure? is high blood pressure a side effect of ginger usage?
how long can the colon stay alive after surgery? . my husband suffered from diverticulitis for about  yrs. he finally had  inches of his colon removed in aug. he has the ostomey bag. i lost my job and now we have no insurance. he was scheduled to be reconnected around the . wk. in nov. we change his bag once a week his skin around the ostomey area is so red irritated small blister i just want to know how long the colon could be disconnected and still be fully functional
best pain medicine for servere pain caused by pancreatic cancer pain
is chicken soup really good for a cold?
does pancreatitis qualify for social security disability benefits.
how to correct premature ejaculation and nonretractable foreskin?
torn eardrum no hearing little blood. what do i do?
my daughter has stomach pain and foul smelling farts. please help with the treatment.
found thyroid nodule is cnb the correct method to determine if benign or malignant?
is hpv contagious?
"i have bumps on my head that act like zits but are harder to pop. there is a hard white piece that comes out. what is it. so these bumps that are on my head are hard to pop but if i keep messing with them they eventually pop there are hard white pieces that come out. sometimes they act like zits and the whitish puss stuff comes out like any other zit. but anyways the hard white piece comes out and i had thought they were calcium deposits. the last one that i had popped a small round hard piece came out that looked like an onion. that it had layers of ""skin"" and was probably mush on the inside. what is it?"
how long do wait after have vaccie so you get other vaccies
i spend my summer days inside air-conditioned buildings. will the cold dry air make my psoriasis worse?
i use cocodamol had severe tight chest pains. why is this?
should some people not get a chickenpox shot?
my daughters blood tests show some scary diseases and syndromes online?
what foods i can add to my diet to help my skin?
taken off paxil cold turk. now on celexa. having brain zaps. is this from the paxil or celexa. staying dzzy.? . dont seem to have the zaps and dizziness now tll after i take the celexa in the morning time. insomnia and light-headed. just dont know if the celexa is causing a allergic reaction or if its the paxil i was on for a year. cant tell since i was on one and put on another one over night. can you help. and should i cntinue takeing the celexa if it is doing this.
can the appendix grow back? . i have had my appendix removed back in . i have had several scans ultrasounds over the past few years that have indicated my appendix looked good. how can that be if it was removed? is it possible it has grown back?
what foods will impact the quality of my sleep?
as a woman what can i do about facial hair on my chin?
i bled after i-pill but missed period on due date. am i pregnant?
i had a mole frozen a few days ago. how long before it falls off?
what are the main causes of infertility?
is there a rash with roseola?
my  year old son doesnt listen in class and doesnt concentrate. i dont what to do anymore?
should i pay for a cosmetic surgery consultation?
could i have your opinion on my erectile dysfunction and low libido?
i have been having pain in my mid back left and right sideat times stabbing?
my neighbor smokes marajuana and we can smell it strong in our attached condo. can this affect us and our children?
im hardly eating anything and when i do i feel nauseous?
i sometimes stare and my eyes freeze – do you think im having seizures?
my son is experiencing stinging when urinating not uti please advise?
i have no income due to chronic low back pain not to mention that i don't have health insurance. . how can i apply for health insurance with no income whatsoever? on the health care reform website there's  questions to proceed with your application: . do you qualify for insurance and don't have it through work? . do you not qualify for health insurance? in my case i can not go any further. what should i do?
i have sores breaking out all over my body. what could this be? . i was living on connecticut coast during irene and sandy. first sore was on my back starts out as itchy patch which turns into a sore and when not picked it becomes a raised bump. they seem to be spreading around my legs and arms and now are beginning on my back. what could this be? .
does anesthesia cause hair loss? . i had cervical spine surgery from the back. and after surgery my hair started to fall out. not clumps but all over. mt pa said it could be from he anesthesia. if so how long does this last? . thanks
are over the counter urinary tract infection treatments effective in curing a urinary tract infection?
what if it doesnt burn to urinate it feels like it is stuck is that still a uti. when i use the bathroom it will feel as if the urine is going come out but cant like i just feel pressure and now i m expeiriencing lower back pain not pain but like if i bend over very uncomfortable could this be kidney infection as well what antibiotics can i take to treat both
i was diagnosed with ngu (non gonoccocal urethritis) medications dont help. can ngu lead to hiv or aids?
i was born with bilateral pars defect and have spondylolysis can i fix this or help with the pain?
ive been having progressive symptoms for almost  years now doctors dont know whats wrong?
my triclycerides rose from  to  in -months - the rest of my numbers stayed essentially the same. what's up?
about having oral sex. i read that oral sex have risks if the partner have a certain disease like hpv . oki if the partner has no disease is it also safe without precautions or using specific barriers like condoms or dams? . also if the vulva look healthy i mean no infections symptoms appears on it is this a proof that the vulva is healthy and no diseases would be transmitted during oral sex? or only physician can decide that? . thanks in advance
what are liver enzymes?
can genital herpes cause chronic insomnia? . i've been so extremely sleepy for the past few years and while i am somewhat stressed i don't think stress can have this much damage in my life. i'm even super sleepy when i don't have school (i. e. summer breaks). i'm pretty sure i have genital herpes based on other symptoms but could this life-crippling insomnia be caused by genital herpes? ! . could treating my genital herpes help my sleep improve (a lot)? . any input would be greatly appreciated!
blurred vision dizziness nausea hot blushes and pounding heart.?
please help with my recurrent fungal infection.
does obamacare require a separate dental insurance for families with children?
can i take a valium before oral surgery. having three extractions can i take amvalium to help the anxiety.
can a ruptured ovarian cyst cause a bacterial infection?
my endocrinologist gave me testim % to help my libido. i read that women should not use this medication. any advice?
what kind of exercise is best for someone  and over?
what are possile benefits and side effects of drinking  to  cups of matcha green tea ( from powder) a day?
what is crohn's disease?
tubal thirty years ago do i have a chance in getting pregnant?
is it safe to travel internationally during  month of pregnancy?
can a person get tonsilitis if they nolonger have tonsils. my son had tonsilitis. tonsilitis is a viral infection and does not require an antibiotic. however tonsilitis can be caused by strep which is bacterial which requires an antibiotic. dr did't do a strep test but perscribed an antibiotic. a few days after he got better i developed an extremely sore throat runny nose caughing headache no fever. tonsilitis symptoms. can i get tonsilitis if i had my tonsils removed? if i have a strep infection will my immune system fight it off.
can allergy shots affect sexual function? . i've recently started experiencing difficulty reaching an orgasm. i am on hrt and  years old. i am trying to narrow down what might be the cause and the only change i have made has been in starting allergy shots at the first of the year. . . . this may be a reach in my thinking. i have been unable to reach my ob/gyn doctor to ask her questions and the information online with regard to sexually active older women is almost non-existent. men apparently rate #.
had anal sex with a girl tht take glucocorticoid which makes her unfertial i fear she still pregnant im i just worryin. the doc said for her to get pregnant she needs to take hormonal therapy for a year and get off the shots. the sex was unprotected and she takes the pill for her periods cause there heavy. and she has taken a lot of chemo we are both 
how do you tell the difference between poison ivy and shingles?
what is a primary brain tumor?
experiencing bad chest pains after using monistat is this normal?
what is fraxel and how does it compare to a  laser peel?
doc prescribed  dilaudid /day not working anymore now that i've returned to work. can i also take  tramadol? .  is bulging and that together with bone spurs creates relentless nerve pain for which i've already missed three weeks of work. while off work the  dilaudid /day was fine i was barely moving. now that the doc made me return to work the  dilaudid /day is not enough and she won't approve me taking it /day. i also have  tramadol. can i supplement the dilaudid with the tramadol? if so when is the best time to do so since i cannot be falling asleep at work. help!
hello my  week old baby always brings up milk after every feed its not straight away but as soon as i lay her on her back (even if i have held her up for over an hour) its almost a clear colour and she doesnt vomit she kind of just pushes it out. it doesnt seem to bother her when it happens. what causes this and when will it stop? could it be related to something i am eating? many thanks nat
what are some tips for getting pregnant faster?
when i stand up my body contorts for a few seconds?
how can i prevent salmonella in my kitchen -- and my life?
can a decongestant be taken with an antihistamine?
does adderall cause acne?
i suffer from joint hypermobility what do you recommend?
i have anterior wall interstitial uterine fibroid i dont want surgery but scared to lose uterus?
how do you do kegel exercises?
can a woman be pregnant  days after sexual intercourse? . i had unprotected sexual intercouirse with a woman who after  days came back to tell me that she is pregnant. my question here is that; could it be possible and i am confused since i have never heard such thing. please help me out here?
what increases the risk of getting bipolar disorder in childhood and adolescence?
what are the systems of the flu is ear ache one?
i get boils over my entire body that leave scars. it makes it difficult for me to go out in public. what i can do?
my right leg gets numb (asleep)after  minutes of standing need second opinion?
are pap smears necessary before iud insertion? if so then why?
how can a lung exray show an infection but the white blood cell count not be raised. i thought i had a chest cold but when the dr. had a cat scan and chest ex ray done it showed an infection in my lungs enlarged lymph nodes and emphysema in the early stages but my cbc came back normal not showing the infection that showed up in the ex ray and ct scan?
can eczema present any place on body? . in past month have been treated for bacterial yeast infection of vagina. one week before that i began having to deal with stressful life changes including death of husband and deteriorating health of parents. the rash that began on bottom has worsened considerably and is also now present under my arms on my arms and on my hands. doc has tried multiple oral meds and topical creams.
i have arthritis in my hip i get relief taking bell sharkcartilage. are there any side effects i should be aware of?
what can be done about crepe-like skin after weight loss?
i know my blood pressure is causing headaches. can i temporarily take additional blood pressure medicine to help?
i have pain discomfort almost non-stop frequent urination my life has become miserable?
why does my penis itch? ive never had sex. ok so recently i masturbated and i think it was a little to rough as my penis did get a little red the problem is now my penis itchs i think becuse the skin is healing but idk. ive never had a cold sore or had any sighs of harpies. my penis looks fine except for one red line in the middle.
can smz/tmp ds tab (generic name is bactrim) be taken with blood pressure medication?
my husband  old () who under penalty of death will not see a doctor has had blackout/ fainting spells. ever since he was in a near fatal car accident his head broke the steering wheel and was split open with cooncussion. his symptoms are first throbbing headache at back right of head then minutes later goes pale/ grey colored on his whole body hears ringing in his ears left leg becomes twitchy passes out for aprox . are these things related to car accident trauma or otherwise?
why do i cough after running. everytime i stop jogging a have a coughing fit. why is this?
im having multiple problems after having my neck fusion of   ?
how do i exercise with osteoarthritis and patellar tendonitis in both knees and falling arches in both feet?
when a woman is pregnant for  months does she save  eggs for  future ovulations?
i can't stop doing kegels! . i am constantly tightening my vaginal muscles and clenching my toes. it is becoming more embarrassing as i am skwerming in my seat throughout the day.
can pregnancy stop puberty? . i had my first child when i was  and it was right after i had my  or  period. before i had intercourse i had grown in pubic hair and underarm hair. but after i had my child my breasts have remained the same size and i have not grown any taller. it feels as if i didn't go through puberty at all. what i would like to know is is there any affects on the body if you become pregnant before completing puberty? such as puberty being cut short decrease in estrogen production etc.
i have congenital diaphragmatic eventration is himalayan trekking advisable?
i was hiy by a car when i was  why is one calf growing bigger than the other?
what causes dry mouth?
is it normal to lose an erection during sex once in a while? . around the first of the year my wife and i were having sex and she suggested we try a different position. when we got adjusted and ready to try the new position i lost my erection. she thinks it's because i don't love her anymore and that i was thinking of someone else even though i've told her every single day that i do love her and always think of her. we didn't have sex again for a couple of weeks after that and kept my erection. i think it's due to stress. please advise.
am diabitic and told i also have narapathy how any types of narapathy are there and is any types of treatments
what happens to someone when they get pagets disease of bone?
are prescription prenatal vitamins better than over-the-counter ones?
i hurt my lower back now i am hunched over and it seems that my ab muscles have changed?
i drink atleast  litres of water a day- should i be worried? . i'm  female. for the last  years i've been drinking abnormal amounts of water daily- about  liters a day. i do so only when i'm thirsty which is often and end up drinking almost an liter each time. i urinate frequently about  hours of my water intake. my parents r worries but i can't help it. its almost like i become crazy if i don't drink cold water. it has to be ice cold or my thirst is not quenched. i also have high blood pressure for the last  yrs but am not on regular medication.
how do i safely stop taking simvastatin ( mg)? . i do not nor have i ever had high blood pressure. my cholesterol count before simvastatin was . . a stress test  years ago showed that there are no blockages or build up in my arteries my heart is in good shape; as a matter of fact the cardiologist told me i had the heart of a thirty year old. after learning about the dangers of this drug i am scared and would like to discontinue it. please advise. .
i was given fentanyl to treat my flu symptoms in the e. r. is this common or reasonable flu treatment?
my left ear i hear very little a doctor said i have bone (ear ossicles) getting liquefied what should i do?
"how much blood means i'm pregnant? . i'm experiencing a lot of pregnancy symptoms but both blood and urine tests say i'm not pregnant. doctor said it may be too soon to tell because i have yet to miss a period. one of my current symptoms is ""spotting "" first a little every couple hrs on day one. now i feel like a leaky faucet dripping just a tad bit more than the day before. i truly believe i am pregnant but i am confused. is it still possible for me to be pregnant?"
for several weeks my right cheek has been swollen and painful with white spots on the lining. is this oral cancer?
i have three sores/scabs on my face; what are they and should i be concerned? . the sores orginally started out from one small minor sore and gradually it spread over time. now i have three right next to each other and they are not healing.
should you floss use mouthwash brush your teeth and use a whitener all in the same day?
waiting on results of uti test (my only symptom is urethral pain not when urinating). i'm feeling cold. should i worry? . i'm simply very worried. its : pm and i am not sure if these slight chills are due to anxiety actual coldness or i should be worried about a possible infectious spread that can't wait until tomorrow. . again my only uti symptoms have been burning pain in my urethra but not when urinating just the rest of the time which might not even be a uti symptom but urethral irritation.
how much is  ml of water? . trying to drink  glasses of water a day is hard when you work  hours a day. is a  bottle of water a good serving during work hours?
my husband takes  metformin  daily and  januvia once sugars are still high why
i don't eat meat that often but my skin smells terrible. what can i do?
what are all these knots in my body?
what illnesses often co-exist with bipolar disorder?
do i have acid reflux disease? . i get heartburn - a week. i don't smoke drink eat acidic foods coffee etc. i exercise regularly. do i have it?
will radio stations accept cover songs? . justin bieber's love yourself! ed sheeran cowrote this one too! loved this song since the first time i heard it. knew i had to do my own version. enjoy. you all have been asking me to do music so make sure you give it a big thumbs up share and subscribe: <link> twitter: <link> instagram: <link> <link>
i think i had crabs but am not sexually active. the lice looked like a worm. lice free got rid of it. was it crabs? . i think i got this from a comforter i bought and used before washing or the homeless people who ride my bus. do i need parasite or std tests? where can i be tested? .
i have scoliosis im worried about it getting worse?
what do you do when you view pinworms coming out of your child's anus?
how often should i replace my mascara?
as school begins how can i help my child succeed?
i think i took  thyroid pills this morning by mistake? what should i do? . i take.  of levothyroxine. i am  yrs. old
"i am  and married but feel as if my sex drive is dwindling. any reasons as to why? . my sex life with my wife is just getting worse. my drive performance and stamina has been going steadily downhill and its emotionally straining on both of us. i never had any issue until i was married and now i don't have the drive and my performance/stamina is pitiful not what it used to be (short lasting sometimes loss of erection or lack of one completely). i work out at least  a week and eat fairly healthy. i am "" and weigh - (fluctuates) and i do smoke (hope to quit soon). help!"
i am  and my husband is . we have medicare and a supplementary aetna through my former employer. will we be able to keep this same health insurance?
does bactrim interfere with or reduce the effectiveness of yaz (birth control) to prevent pregnancy?
i am taking metronidazole  mg and smz/tmp ds - for diverticulitis. can i take a pain reliever like tylenol too?
my  yr old daughter had a spinal fusion in june now  months later she gets choked when eating?
what kind of mental health treatment helps with hyperhidrosis?
my wife was tested and told she has an std a strain of herpes. i get a cold sore or impetigo once in awhile. is it from me. as a child i was treated for impetigo. but every time i get a sore i just call it a cold sore. i have never been told or tested for herpes but just assumed it was . my wife went to her doctor not a specialist in sexually transmitted diseases and he told her she has an std specifically a strain of herpes. its it possible that i somehow gave her an std  maybe even though i don't have ? how could she have an std if i don't. i'm hoping the doctor is wrong.
can eating ginger cookies have same effects as ginger root?
what conditions does pain & fever treat?
i burned my arm with steam. it didn't hurt until now witch is two days later. what else besides aloe should i be using
can you use cold medicines while taking birth control pills?
my  year old is on abilify. we upped his dose a couple weeks ago and he started stuttering. is this from the meds?
what is the outlook for the future of people with schizophrenia?
i have discharge from my eyes spreading throughout my body?
why i am constantly hungry all night and cannot sleep? takes hours to fall asleep even after eating with tummy pains. i recently had the stomach bug or flu for a week and a half to two weeks. with the last week + @bed my stomach constantly hurting pretty much feeling hungry. i sit there wide awake fail to sleep eventually wake up and have a snack. the hungry pains keep lingering and still awake.  nights ago i slept a total of maybe  hours and last night it was rough. bed wide awake snack wide awake. i cannot keep doing this i love my sleep way to much. why is this happening and what do i do to fix it?
i suffer from fatigue and body pain for  years is it stds or cancer?
i chipped a bone on the end of my elbow?
can having a mammogram and a bone density test on the same day cause hair loss?
diagnosed with breast cancer will a natural remedy wellness clinic work?
why does the pain from frozen shoulder go down my arm and sometimes makes my hand tingle?
does burning more calories than taking in have a negative effect on weight loss? . i am participating in a weight loss program at a local gym and am a team leader. was asked by a participant why they can't get past a plateau. calorie intake is around  -  calories have a moderate active life style and burn about  calories during exercise - days a week. they had good losses until recently. can routinely burning more calories than taking in have a negative impact in weight loss?
what information will i need to fill out a marketplace application?
what is an mri for migraines?
i am deepika suffering from fever for  days. high temperature only at nights. urine in yellow eye in red bodypains. severe body pains. head ache. urine in yellow color. eye in red color. temp at nights. morning severe sweating (when temp downs). no tabs used.
my  year oldchild has an earache what can i do without having to see a doctor first
"small non incarcerated hernia being told no sex for possibly  months or more. the linguinal hernia ""fat into fat not thru wall"" but is pressing against the nerve /artery leading into something called the proximal erectile process (i think. ). . the urgent care dr said no sex until after surgery. avoid erections. got worse and went to er next day same thing no sexual activity or orgasm of any kind until the consult erections may press on nerve. um not having sex or orgasm tends to lead to erections and - months without sex(or orgasm of any kind) seems like a long time."
can having one kidney effect mans sex drrive? . he was born with only one kidney. the adrenal atop of the kidney keeps. hormones in balanced. he is only  but isn't really into sex never really has the drive for it.
i had liver spots as a child and it looks like theyre back. my skin is blotchy and two-toned. can i get rid of them?
what is the treatment for the common cold?
is there side effects of taking cymbalta if pregnant?
could i have ruptured a tendon on the inside of my leg?
i have been gluten free for roughly two years but still have major bowel problems?
can  yr old boy over  take adult zytec oral
what is genital herpes?
i am  and was diagosed with gallstones what is the best treatment
what is the hip flexor?
i sliced the corner tip of my index finger off?
how can cataracts be prevented?
how many ovaries do women have. i have a girl that said her dr told her she has  ovaries is this possible? she gets pregnant all the time she's only  could this just be an excuse for as to why she's pregnant all the time?
how many mg to make diphenhydramine rx strength
how do i know if i have a kidney stone?
to reap the new health care benefits is it necessary to cancel my existing policy and start a new one? . how are these increased benefits affecting the rates? if i cancel my existing policy and start a new one should i expect to pay two or three times as much for coverage?
i'm on isotretinoin. i was at fault that i use tetracycline ointment % on my lip. it happened just  time. is it serious? . the ingredients of that tetracycline ointment -  g/tube: tetracyclin hydroclorid ( mg) lanolin (  mg) vaselin (  mg) beeswax (  mg) parafin (  mg). does tetracycline cream on skin affect just the skin or affect inside the body?
my  year old son has adhd-inattentive. he has had terrible reactions to all meds. any other options? . his reactions to meds do not allow him to take any of them at any dose. trying to control impulsive/ nervous behaviors with cbt- not so successful. inattention/focusing in class the worst problem for him.
both arms begin to tingle starting in my shoulder and moves down to my hands like my arms have fallen asleep?
how long does it take to wake up after thyroid surgery? . my sister is pregnant while having part of her thyroid removed. how long after the surgery will it take for her to wake up? is the baby still in danger until she wakes up?
wake up with severe nausea and stomach cramps. after having a large unfirm bm the nausea and cramps stop. what is it? . about once a year i get woken up in the middle of the night with severe nausea and stomach cramps. i have to sit on the toilet for hours before any form of relief in the form of a bowel movement comes. the bowel movement is typically large and unfirm (but not diarrhea). once this happens the nausea and stomach cramps stop. i go back to sleep and then get woken up again but it's less severe. the second bm is usually diarrhea. and then i'm better. i'm on no medication. what gives?
are there any exercises that can ward off or help bunions?
what is a sinus infection?
what are the muscles that make up my butt?
how are earaches from a cold or ear infection treated?
is it normal for your ankle to swell after having it wrapped? . i sprained my ankle almost  weeks ago went to the doctor and had x-rays done no broken bones just a really bad sprain. they told me to keep it wrapped and that it would be ok to put an ankle brace over the wrap. i keep it wrapped while i am at work and then take it off once i get home sometimes it is a little sore and gets swollen on the side is that normal? is it ok to walk normally on it?
i am  years old and my dentist said that i need braces for my top teeth. is this a good idea?
should i go back to therapy? . i have previously been diagnosed with anxiety and depression and here lately i have been more anxious and depressed mood irritable and just feeling in the dumps my mind is constantly running / some days i feel like i just need more sleep and others i can run off very little sleep. i am not presently medicated.
how would my sex parter get trichomoniasis. would my parter have to had sex with someone else to give it to me when i know that i have not been with ant\yone else
my neice had ruptured appendix surgery. after surgery she got high fever often doc said by infections. whats the causes? . antibiotics and any medicines aren't helping. she always had a fever and even shaking. what do we do?
is extreme huger normal in week  of pregnancy? . i found out i was pregnant on friday and ever since then i've been completely ravenous. i'd say about every - hours my stomach feels like i haven't eaten anything in weeks. is there anything i can do? this is my first baby so i am clueless. <negative_smiley>. also being lactose intolerant should i be on a calcium supplement? i can eat yogurt and ice cream but straight milk is impossible. tried last night and payed for it <negative_smiley>
does vicks inhaler contain any antihistamine?
is tens (e-stim) safe to use for prostate?
i am undocumented and haven't had health insurance since i came to the us. . i relied on a local hospital clinic for low income and uninsured when i had health issues. what does this reform mean for me? am i eligible to sign up for any plan? what will happen to me if i have an emergency/health issue? will hospitals admit me?
nasal congestion & tenderness of nose. have had nasal congestion since /. also have a cough that comes and goes. have had a scab(dry skin build up) twice on bottom edge of left nostril. now have dry skin inside left nostril and pain/tenderness of right nostril and thick greenish nasal discharge when i pick it out. should i go get this checked out & how soon? who should i see? have no insurance. . would a walgreens clinic be good enough for this?
my body hasnt been feeling good at all what can be wrong?
i have bladder problems difficulty urinating
how to treat diarrhea in a  month old baby who has had over a week and his bottom is raw. my daughter has taken him to er and walk in clinic twice
i have two small lumps under my chin that vary in size. one is on the left side and the other on right side. i am  years old. im uncertain if it is a pimple that never broke through my skin or can this mean that i may have a thyroid nodule(s)?
can swimming pool chemicals cause eczema
i missed one week of birth control then had unprotected sex what are the chances of pregnancy?
i have had bright red blood in my stool for over a week. i have felt no pain or discomfort since this started.
i have difficulty urinating
i was wondering if gauges (ear stretching) can close to normal ear piercing size or close? . ok so i want to gauge my ears to about a centimeter but my dad said i can only do it if i fined out form a doctor or professional that if you take good care of them that they can close to about the size of a sewing needle. so ya i was just wondering if they really can do that. thx
how to taper off citalopram. i've had severe cramping in my toes and calves. my doctor ran blood work and everything is normal. i just saw myoclonus as a rare but severe side effect of citalopram. would abrupt discontinuation cause these symptoms?
i need help finding a specialist and support group in my area for fibromyalgia/ cfs. any suggestions please? . i was diagnosed  months ago. my gp has tried to help but has run out of answers and doesn't know who to send me to. i have called all over the place and seen some specialists but they are general specialists. i am hoping to find someone with an interest in fibromyalgia. i also have bad depression and anxiety and my psychiatrist suggested i find a support group. i searched but can not find one in the area. i am feeling hopeless in my search. please help! i live in washington county wisconsin.
can you get chlamydia from drinking from an infected persons cup?
should i be concerned about acinetobacter anitratus?
are there flu vaccines that pregnant women should not get?
does drinking two or more diet sodas each day make women gain weight?
could i be pregnant. i usually get my period on the  of each month however in dec. i was put on antibiotics and my period didn't start until the . now it is jan  and still nothing. i feel like i am showing signs of being pregnant but took a test yesterday and got a neg. . how long should i wait to take another test? could i be pregnant or is something else wrong?
can you get an std like hiv/aids or genital herpes from anal sex toys? . both me and my partner were virgins and now we have genital herpes. my partner used a sex toy that they received from a friend that may have used it.
what should i do for red pus and swollen eyes in a -year-old girl?
im retired and medicare barely covers my needs now. what are the medicare benefits people will see this year?
can corporal tunnel syndrome be in your shoulder?
can you help me find where to get octogen cream?
can you have an all over headache after having a panic or anxiety attack?
when should i seek medical care for athlete's foot?
i am  year teen boy. i have been getting acne on my face from last  years. what should i do? . well i am getting acne on my face continuously. i tried various products but none of them worked.  years i have been through this. i also have problem of more than average sweating. are they interrelated? what should i do to stop acne?
my husband often has blood in his stool. what type of specialist should he see? . he says this has been ongoing for + years but recently has getting dizzy spells. should he see our family doctor first? he is very healthy and exercises daily.
my wifes upper thighs turned purple all blood tests are ok?
i have testicular atrophy and erection problems from prohormone. can my body fix itself? . i took a supplement i found online thinking it was just a weight gainer. it was a prohormone. about  days into it i started having flu like symptoms. after that i lost sex drive and am having erection problems. i can get one but it required alot of stimulation and doesnt stay up long. where i am located it will be a while before i can see a doctor. around  months. would this be enough time for my body to start producing testosterone again on its own.
can a women get pregnant with a tilted cervix. is it hard to get pregnant with a tilted cervix?
my mother passed out & hit the right side of her head and is now having cosistant head pain what could be the problem
i am having pain in a very specific part of my head for  year seeing blue flash?
my -year-old daughter was prescribed tamiflu. do you have any suggestions on how to mix it with food or drink?
my son has eosinophilic gastroenteritis what should we do next?
how long does pnuemonia bacteria live outside the body? . my  yr. old mom with heart disease and history of seizures was in an enclosed vehicle sitting in the exact seat where someone who had bacterial pnuemonia was brought to the hospital and admitted  hrs. before. i consider this being dangerously exposed. am i correct or does the bacteria die sooner than i realize? the windows were never opened due to cool weather. thank you
"one year old allergic to penilillian found black mold in cup and shows symptoms of being affected by the mold. my one year old is allergic to penicillin and i just recently found black mold in his sippy cup. he has been ""sick"" for about a month now with a runny nose wet cough and trouble breathing (wheezing) and his pediatrician gave him breathing treatments and a prescription (which i can't remember the name of) but nothing has helped! i want to know if the mold in his cup is the cause of him being sick. help please!"
delayed periods even after taking gestin. what is the reason?
is there an ingredient in sudafed that is similar to an ingredient in bactrim that could cause an allergic reaction? . is there an ingredient in behind-the-counter sudafed that is similar to an ingredient in prescription bactrim that could cause an allergic reaction like hives after ingestion over time?
my fiance can no longer walk diagnosed with giallam barret incorrectly hospital has no explanation?
can a brain blood clot cause low blood pressure?
how can i increase fiber in my diet?
if tegretol doesnt work for trigeminal neuritis what next. husband has m. s. developed trigeminal now very bad. trying upped dose of baclofen. would steroid shots be the next step. tegretol did work wellbut didi have a fainting episode that he has had many times before trigeminal. dr took him off tegretol but hes desperate enogh to go back on with a half dose thanks
im experiencing symptoms of sciatica/piriformus spasm how to reduce the pain so i can at least walk?
i am postmenopausal. can i still get pregnant? . i am  years old and have not had a period since may .
irregular periods brown spotting pain in ovaries nausea negative pregnancy test. what's wrong with me? lmp sept 
what is a classic migraine?
do they really work to remove blackheads and how do they work?
i fell pregnant found out it was a chemical pregnancy now having non stop hot flashes?
ive been diagnosed with h. pylori but im allergic to the antibiotics. what about other treatments such as mastic gum?
how long after treatment of a yeast infection(diflucan) should symptoms dissappear?
what can i do to treat hair loss at home?
my wife has terrible headaches constantly we did ct scan mri mra mrv but everything is normal. no blood clot tumors etc.?
what are symptoms of schizophrenia?
"my -year-old's surgery is postponed because the lab says it can't draw blood from her ""rolling veins. "" what now?"
i noticed a small plum like lump on my lower right side of back?
why am i constently throwing up everything i eat and drink and im not pregnant. its been going on for almost  now. got my liver gallbladder n pancreas checked and its not any of them.
i have a large amount of blackheads on my eyelid and under my eye. it's a build up. are there creams i can use? . it is spreading to the temple regions on my face. i am currently using ambi cocoa butter soap.
bp is / but still no meds prescribed. i have been suffering high blood pressure for three years - since college. i wore a monitor for  hours at the start of this year and have been deemed hypertensive. i feel unwell and have recently had crippling chest pain. my gp says these are not a cause for concern. my bp is / usually but is now /. all readings have been in gp office. do i need meds? should i seek a second opinon? . thank you for your time.
ive had two flare ups where my stomach gets extremely extended?
what vaccinations should my baby/toddler have and when? are these vaccines safe?
who is most likely to get a cold weather-related injury and what can be done to prevent it?
is it normal for my dad who had a triple bypass three months ago to be constantly short of breath and blacking out?
what are the symptoms of cystic fibrosis?
is the male gallblader near the lower edge of the left scapula? . i have severe sharp pain under my left scapula closer to the spine.
my early ultrasound shows i got pregnant end of may. could this be off and got pregnant in april? . i had a one night stand april . terrible mistake. i am pretty sure my period came on may . then missed in june. went for early ultra sound showing i got pregnant end of may. could the doctors be wrong about my conception and due date. i'm pretty worried. my boyfriend knows about this and we hope the doctors are right about to dates.
how soon can you find out if your pregnant from the time you have sex?
diarrhea for  wks. watery and then black stools. now a redish color but not like blood and mucus. is this serious. saw dr waiting for stool culture. had stomach xrays. a lot of gas waiting for ins to get ct scan.
if i had sex but he did not cum used plan b within first  hours and it was  days after ovolation can i be pregnant. it was four days afte my ovolation and he pulled out. used plan b within the first  hours. am i pregnant
my son is experiencing stinging when urinating not uti please advise?
i am  years old doctor says no need for contraception?
im having lower back pains and im having pains in my pelvic area and i am leaking urine for no reason. . i have to use the restroom about every hour. i feel sick every time i wake up. i have no idea whats going on. i have never had a kid before. i dont know what kind of doctor i need to see!
"do shingles itch? . this past tuesday tiny ""bumps"" appeared in what felt like a small circle in the lower center part of my back. they began to spread very quickly and itch. the ""bumps"" now hurt slightly to touch and i noticed that sitting in the seat of my car is very uncomfortable if pressure is exerted in that area. . i don't know that this is shingles but i'm not sure that it isn't. can you provide any help/information? . . thanks!"
my mother suffered a hemorrhagic stroke and she is in a coma. can she recover?
what are the risk factors for shingles and postherpetic neuralgia?
are federal government employees eligible for cobra benefits when employment ends?
my  yr. old has a .  fever shakes headache fatigue and is sweating a lot. is it just the flu? . he also has no appetite. should i take him to the er?
can gallstones enlarge the spleen
i am taking thyronorm for a week again skin allergy started is it the right meds?
chronic fatigue joint pain low grade fever night sweats family physician doesnt know whats wrong?
i had a vestibular injury do not know what to do anymore?
are there any vitamins or supplements to aid in recovery of sinusitis?
can i take hormone replacement therapy (hrt) tablets while having a contraception implant?
can dexedrine taken to treat narcolepsy be effective past the expiration date? . can dexedrine taken to treat narcolepsy be effective past the expiration date?
i had wrist surgery it was the biggest mistake of my life?
heart disease blocked arteries can stem cell help. multiple stints drs say not candidate for new heart or bypass on so much medicine its making me feel awful what is my options besides death
my uterus is retroverted and retroflexed my doctor doesnt want to refer me to a specialist?
what is the best medication for anxiety xanax or ativan? . i have anxiety and have been taking xanax for  years and i just wanted to know if ativan would be better for me. i am  years old and i have chronic pain and i take morphine er  and oxycodone  mg baclofen  mg and my doctor said i needed a letter from my other. doctor telling her i needed a letter from her stating i needed to take xanax. and they have tried other meds on my. my daughter is a nurse and she. said ativan helps with anxiety.
the doctor diagnosed me with epididymitis and prescribed me with a course of doxycycline for  days?
i need to take a urine drug test at cps to see my grandaughter will st. johns wort show up on that test as a drug? . i am considering substituting melatonin and st johns wort for my medical cannibis while my grandaughter is in cps so i can visit her. i have anxiety shoulder pain and trouble sleeping. i have menopause symptoms also.
i had blood test done my arm is now black blue and red?
i had a genital wart two years ago. do i need to tell my current partner that i once had a wart?
my son has autism. how will the affordable care act help my family?
does antibiotics help fight pimples. i went to a dermatologist and she prescribed me antibiotics twice a day for a month. when thinking about it it seems to not make sense. can somebody please explain further. thank you.
what are the side effects of medication for high blood pressure?
im a nurse i may have pricked myself with a hiv needle
i think im having an allergic reaction to my tattoos and piercings?
is .  a normal temperature for a woman? . i'm afraid i mayhave a high temperature; i am also very tired and my stomach is kind of upset. do i have the flu or what?
how can i get my child to stop lying and stealing. my son has severe adhd odd ptsd and bipolar problems. he has been stealing and lying about it. first around christmas it was a little toy truck from my grandfather than markers and highlighters from school now it is money from myself and family members. he is on medication for his
if someone has shingles how long are they contagious?
gonorrhea long term effects i have aged and look frail
how soon should my  year old wait before returning to school having been diagnosed with pneumonia?
what prescription medications cause constipation?
i had surgery in  for ruptured ectopic preg. i currently have hydronephrosis and kidney stones?
im not pregnant no infections an i pissed my period for  months always had this problem an i want to get pregnant
i had a microbe in my lungs that caused me strong fever and fast heart beats?
i am a  year old female who has adhd and ocd adderall is causing some problems?
after  hr of zumba my head hurts really bad almost like a migraine throbbing for about an hour or  after. the pain is usually at the back of my head very hard throbbing almost feels like the blood is just pounding in there. i checked my blood pressure after i finished and it was fine. i took some percogesic tablets after i finished exercising and it took about an hour or almost  before the headache went away. what is causing this? i've only done it  days now and both days that happened.
my mother gets head spins vision gets black or blurred?
are children required to get a chickenpox vaccination?
i have a white thick slime that forms on my front teeth. i have to wipe it off with a paper towel. whats causing this?
i may have neutropenia or lymphdathy need answers?
i had energy supplements now feeling dizzy and passed out today?
hello. i have just found out that i'm about  weeks pregnant. before i knew i had signed up for a charity event where we are required to hike for the majority of the day (with rests inbetween). i exercise very regularily (approx  times a week) and am in relatively good shape. is it safe for me to still participate? i have been doing practice hikes up to now without any problems. the event takes place in just over a week. thank you.
are you weak and tired from gallstones. i'm always tired and have no energy
is it safe to take a male enhancement supplement if you have high blood pressure
what are the common symptoms of genital herpes?
i am ill for two years with gastro issues sweating weight loss thick phlegm?
i've been eating salads(no cheese) okra and asparagus and drinking about - of water/day and constipated. i'm not sure what else to do. i eat vegetables(brocoli spinach asparagus okra pickles cucumbers tomatoes) and egg whites with a drop of olive oil and i drink tons of water. i mean i drink a lot of water. i weigh  and drink between - a day. i exercise regularly and don't drink. i go for - without pooping and then i will have a painful hard poop the size of a newborn baby. any advice? . i'm also very bloated and pee all of the time.
i've been sick for two weeks already and it's gotten worse today could it still be viral pharyngitis? . for the first two weeks i did not have white spots in my throat and tonsils and my mucus from chest and nose has been clear but it is now beginning to slightly turn a yellowish light-brown color. the spots in my throat are still very tiny and i do not believe i've had a fever (yet). should i go to the doctor or would it be a waste of a copay seeing as how viral infections are untreatable with antibiotics?
is it possible to have a stomach virus without vomiting or diarrhea? . every so often i experience nausea fatigue and stomach pain as if i had a stomach virus--could this just be the way my body expresses the norovirus?
i am currently taking lexapro and wellbutrin. what recreational drugs are safe to use and which ones will be inhibited? . i would like to experiment with shrooms ecstasy lsd etc. what recreational drugs are safe to take in combination with these prescriptions and which ones are not worth trying (due to inhibited effects from the antidepressants)? . please don't tell me not to try anything. i am here for legitimate advice and will ignore any answers that prove un-useful or inappropriate.
post vericosile repair have low sperm count. i am  and my wife has  years old. we have no children.  weeks before i had a vericosile repair for low sperm count and motility( and %respectively) through laperoscopy.  days after repair i tested my semen and it shows the same as past. how many days need for good sperm quality after the surgery? is there any chance to improve the situation. the doctor prescribed me a multi vitamin also.
what is the relation between high blood pressure and high heart/pulse rate? . i have read that when the volume of blood is high the bp rises and the pulse slows down and vice versa however in my case the bp rises when when pulse rate increases. can you please explain this relation in bp and pulse in detail. . . . thanks. . . . osman
i'm taking vicodin for pain and clindamycin for infection after a tooth extraction. can i add zantac  or tums?
 ovaries gone bad h flash and fatigue brain fogs and black outs while functioning seizures? . during these black outs i write gibberish or just punch random numbers on my calculator at work i feel like in a fog after and extreme embarrassment desperate to know if these are seizures it feels like it have insurance but cannot afford a lot of copays and test i feel these comming and will walk around even. slapped my own face to bring me out of fog doesn't work
when you have a yeast infection for relief can you use miconazole nitrate cream (%) and vagisil maximum strength? . i have a lot of itching and burning and took the miconazole  day treatment and i was curious if i can use the cream that came with it and vagisil if the itching doesn't decrease
i was diagnosed wit hpv could that b the cause of not becoming pregnant we've been trying for  years tubes not blocked
is it normal for an  year old to want a baby? is it a hormonal thing? . before i get started i know it's not the best age to get pregnant and i'm not trying to either. i been with the same guy for  and a half years. i'm on the depot-shot right now anyways lately all i want to do is have a baby and start a family. i'm really good with kids all i think about is having a baby and a bit needed. i go to college. i just want to know is this feeling normal for a women my age? is it a hormonal thing? a psychological thing? and how do you deal with it?
i had measles as a child. am i going to get shingles? . my mother said i had the measles as a child and the chicken pox vaccine. i have a couple of pockmark scars. will i get shingles?
does rubbing alcohol work on bed bugs?
if i had unprotected anal sex with someone i did not know but they said they were clean should i consider taking hiv pep. it was - hours ago
i have yellowish bumps on the instep of my feet
i'm interested in your opinion of dermal fillers.
"when will boys stop growing after puberty? our son is  and has armpit and pubic hair. no facial hair. voice changed. our son is '. "" at . i am '. "" and my wife is '. "". our son has hairy legs below the knee pubic hair and armpit hair. his voice has changed and he has developed more muscles. we believe that he is nearing the end of puberty. is there any growth left during this stage?"
its been six days since my last period ended and i've just gotten my period. is this normal? am i pregnant? . i have not had unprotected sex
my mom is  and has frequent headaches nausea dizziness and a constant dull pain in the back of her neck. what is it? . she is diabetic (type ) - takes medicine. has high blood pressure which she takes medicine for. she just went to the dr. and she said there was nothing wrong with her. she has had a constant headache for a week now along with the other symptoms.
i have recently been told following some breathing tests that i have a lung capacity of %. i am  and worried. i can feel a draw for the last  years on my left side not painful just strange feeling with light wheeze sometimes. a little more breathless walking or being active and ecg showed ectopic beats which i was told are no harm however my medical consultant told me i have the age predicted lung capacity of a  year old woman and i got an awful shock. he is arranging for me to have repeat breathing tests and possibly a ct scan of the lungs.
i have lost about  pounds and my skin seems loose. i've been walking and swimming. what can i do? . the skin on my arms and upper leg look funny when i stand or raise my arms. it looks like crepe paper and is very loose. i lost the weight over  to  months so i thought it would he a healthy schedule. i walk about  miles every other day and swim for an hour  days a week. i've been using small weights too for wake up exercises.
 old female n unmarried have androgenic alopecia. tried %minoxidil. cn oral spironolactone help? . i do not wish to take oral contraceptives as i am overweight n due to family history of cva
will birth control pills clear up my acne?
what exams and tests help doctors to evaluate or test people for genital warts human papillomavirus?
my health insurance no longer covers my prescription for allegra-d. is there an over the counter option that works?
my wife has terrible headaches constantly we did ct scan mri mra mrv but everything is normal. no blood clot tumors etc.?
safe sex time and pregnancy. i have always confused about the 'safe time sex'(sound retard at my age ie early ). i had a lil pinkish discharge on // and my bf came inside me the same night. thu he came deep inside but i still cleaned a little bit os semen off of my vagina lips. my period started the next evening( sep). can i still get pregnant? when is the safe time for sex? when is my fertile time? i read that the sperm can stay alive in vagina for  days true? . thank you.
hi i have a  year old son that has a lump in his armpit could this be lymphoma?
"what is ""fraxel"" and how does it compare to a  laser peel?"
i have all the classic signs of hypothyroidism but lab results normal. where to go from here?
underarm rash during menstrual cycle. every month usually a day or so before my period i develop a rash underneath my arms near but not in my armpit. its usually a cluster of red dots that sometimes itch. sweating tends to make it worse (the itching). i thought it was soap detergent deodarant or shaving cream. changed each one at a time to test and see. nothing changed. the rash usually goes away within a few days but is very embarrassing!
pain in abdominal upper center left side?
im pregnant but i had sex yesterday and he came in me is that bad
i suffer from tired aching legs during and after work any suggestions?
what can i do about facial hair on my chin?
what's the difference between benign and malignant brain tumors?
can you get fifth disease twice within a three week period? . i had something three weeks ago that the doctor said was an allergic reaction to cefzil antibiotics but then my two children got fifth disease and i had to take them to the doctor. but then today another lacey like rash has came up on my face. i'm not on any new medication now so i am wondering if you can get fifth disease again within a three week period or if it's possible i did have an allergic reaction three weeks ago and now i have fifth disease.
i have sever stomach pains and diarrhea scared to eat anything?
i went off birth control and have been using condoms. i am a week late for my period. is that normal?
i have a history of depression and am entering menopause. i was diagnosed with major depression. are hormones to blame?
my mother has acute lymphocytes leukemia – may have had a leukemiod reaction?
vaginal dryness and lack of sex desire because of birth control pill? . my fiance has been taking a generic form of yaz since she was . she is now . she has been experiencing a total lack of sex desire for the last few months and has complained many times of vaginal dryness. she is going to stop taking the pill but when she asked about an iud the doctor told her that only people who've had kids can get it. she wants to use a diaphragm and condoms and i don't like condoms at all and i think that is overkill anyway. what are other very effective forms of bc?
birth control period. my husband and i were messing around on day  of my  pill pack. some come got on me. we are at a stand still with sex bc of my anxiety of getting pregnant. my question is if i have what i consider a normal as scheduled period while on birth control (day  of sugar pills) do i need to worry about being pregnant from this incident? do i need to worry at all? i take my pill everyday and my husband is so irritated with me right now. we do have two planned kids and i don't want anymore right now.
did i dislocate my shoulder while bodybuilding?
medication that comes in capsule does the capsule harm your body over time does these capsule dissolve with body j?
i have recently been declared disabled i have not slept over  or  hours at night doc says no lorazapm?
i read that brushing too hard is bad. over the past  months my teeth have become rather yellow. is this tooth damage?
how to have a tigher vigina after sex with a large dick. i have a younger boyfriend he is six years younger than me and not that sexually experienced i think. i was married and had a boyfriend prior to him and those two guys were thicker than my current boyfriend and he said i was to loose for him to finish and i was wondering if kegal exercises were the only way to tighten the viginal wall?
what would happen to a person with an enlarged prostate and they take meclizine
what are the symptoms of a urinary tract infection?
for the past week now my heart has been pounding really non stop
i am  (female) and have not excercised in years. is it too late to start and also see results? . is there such a thing as toning flabby areas at my age?
what can you do about acne on your own?
what vegetables and fruits help fight cancer and heart disease?
i recentlyhad food poisoning. could my body have flushed out the good bacteria as well as the bad? . i feel better but i still have symptoms including:. i'm very gassy (both farts and burps). runny stool (consistently yellowish). burbling and gurgling from my intestines. frequent defecation. what can i do to get back to normal?
spermatocele pain any reason why? . ive had it for a couple years and never had much pain. ive been having pain today at about every - minutes. pain is sharp but dosent last to long. any reason why it could be happening? no other differences with that area have been seen.
doctor is suggesting that dialysis be done to get rid of the edema. i need a second opinion?
i have been having joint pain in my hands fingers balls of feet and toes. these areas feel sore stiff and swollen?
can worry about hiv cause anxiety disorder? . dear sir. . . . i've been worry aout hiv for  month now. i have  exposure. i feel worry about it during first exposure and after another after exposure it make me more worry. my worry was increase. but i took medicine and i feel better for  month. now i still feel worry. my symptom nausea headace dizziness fitague and sweaty some time. it come and go. . . . . i would like to know what is this symptom? . . . . . . thank you.
what is prostate cancer?
could i get pregnant from oral sex coming in my mouth kissing and then him giving me oral sex? . i have always wondered this but if you give a male oral sex and he comes (including pre cum and ejaculate (not necessarily both so if he doesn't come what's the chance with just pre cum and what's the chance with ejaculate? ) in your mouth and you swallow and then you kiss him and he gives you oral sex can you get pregnant?
what time of day is best to take celexa?
had sex roughly  days ago wife took pregnancy test on the  day it was positive period isnt due yet can it happen. im a truck driver gone for months at a time. i got home on the  of june wife said she was having symptoms of pregnancy the  day that i was home june  she took a pregnancy test and it came back positive her period isn't due for another week or so. basically wondering if you could get a positive pregnancy result after only  days on home test
can a vaginal ultrasound detect a std
is it a mandatory reuqirement to wear a gown during a physical checkup can i refuse to wear one.
can stress cause diarrhea or constipation?
can osteoarthritis in back cause pain in my lft gluteal muscle into hip joint down frnt thigh and not be able to walk? . i frequently have the pain in my gluteal muscle and the pain in my hip joint. after too much house work or shopping the pain gets really bad in my hip into the side and front of my thigh. it has gotten severe enough that i can not lift my leg to walk. after sitting a while i can walk again but it comes back. ice relives the pain and after about a week of using ice sometimes over-night pain in my thigh leaves. can arthritis cause these issues?
can an sti take langoer than  weeks to show in men? . i had sex on // with my girlfriend with a condom on. on // i noticed a cloudy discharge which later became cream/yellowish. i have been since treated for a suspected sti with a single dose of azithromycyin and a jab of reocephin. is this a typical presentation in men. before the ; i had last had sex on dec . my girlfriend says she is perfectly fine and has no history of having had an sit before.
how are female sexual problems treated?
what are the symptoms of hepatitis?
could i have congestive heart failure? . i have been diagnosed with sinus tachycardia. i have had an echocardiogram and everything looked fine. i'm not on meds for tachycardia. i've noticed lately that when i lay down at night i feel smothered and have a weezing when i breath. i turn over to sleep on my stomach and i'm fine it goes away. i google this and everything leads me to congestive heart failure. is that possible? maybe i have a mild case? shouldn't that have been diagnosed from my echo?
i had blood work done for my thyroid that came back normal but an us showed nodues on my thyroid how is this possiable? . i have been experiencing hot flashes and my body doesnt seam to be tolerant to the cold weather i have  children and thought it might be a hormone issue due to my first pregnancy where my body seamed to change i am also on the depo shot and have been for a year
my daughter-in-law is pregnant and was prescribed metronidazole. she immediately vomited. what can we do?
can expressing gratitude towards my partner improve our relationship?
what causes hiccups?
how much weight is it ok to gain during pregnancy?
my son has a rash that looks like your chicken pox slide but it's only on his thigh and it's been there for over a week. there is one very large blister that is red all around it. the rest are small most with whiteheads.
what is the most effective antiwrinkle treatment for the eyes?
during a genital herpes outbreak if the blisters pop can the fluid then cause additional outbreaks in that individual?
urine is dark yellowwhat is my problem?
how are bacterial and viral infections treated?
my son has recently developed droopy eyelids and occassional slurred speech. i am concerned. what may be the problem? . he is age . a psychiatrist has prescribed adderall and zoloft along with ambien over the past months. his only official diagnosis is the hyperactive type of adhd. i am very concerned about a possible drug interaction or brain tumor.
e-coli in urnine sample but doctor advised not sure if bug or contaiminated. at  weeks old my baby was referred to the jaundice clinic a blood and a urine sample was taken. the blood test was fine the urine sample came back with e-coli in we have repeated this twice since and my child is now  weeks and the doctor just advise not sure if bug or contaminated. the samples where done at different locations but tested at the same lab. my child has no other symptoms he has been prescribed caneston cream for nappy rash. would this effect the results or where to go from here?
"i""m  days late could i be pregnant?"
i had the brilliant idea to inject my my husbands semen into my uterus?
can a dog get pink eye from a human?
major complaint is upper stomach pain(not nausea) middle to right side?
how do i pay for medicare if i am unemployed? . i will be laid off on // - i turn  on // - how do i registger/pay for medical coverage while unemployed
can a yeast and bladder infection be treated over the counter at home or will it get worse? . thanks your help is welcomed and needed thanks again <positive_smiley>
pain when urinating inconsistent urination painfull ejaculation painfull mastrubation etc. oh gosh im in all sort of trouble here and its given me anxiety over the past   ive been having this condition. it all began when my urine penis started smelling cheesy after urination then later on when i was laying in bed and rising up i could feel from pelvic area like something is almost pushing my urine out it happened all the time. then came premature ejaculation painfull urination painfull mastrubation painfull ejaculation. also when i drag back my foreskin pain. help please
is it healthy to breastfeed a four year old? . my daughter-in-law is still breastfeeding her four year old at night; is this healthy?
i have aneurysm of the left basilic vein doctor can perform an aneurysmectomy. need second doctor opinion?
is modified corn starch bad for you? . i like white tea and by the chance i looked at the ingredients and everything seemed normal except for the modified corn starch in it. so is modified corn starch unhealthy(bad) for you?
should i take my baby to the doctor if the fever keeps coming back? . she is currently teething and has a yeast infection. i keep giving her tylenol and ibuprofin but when it wears off the fever comes back. she is on a special ointment for her infection.
i have been having pain in my mid back left and right sideat times stabbing?
my  year old gets colds once or twice monthly since he was  months. he eats right and is active. what's your advice?
periods or lack there of. in my teens-'s. i had my first period in my mid teens several years ago. my period was kinda late for normal. it started and was irregular. last year i was traveling a bit and my period was irregular for a bit again it was kind of attributed to travel. last feb-may it was regular and on schedule. then it stopped no sign of coming back. haven't had my period for june-oct. i was traveling again this summer but been back several months and no period. i'm not pregnant not on birth control.
i take bupropion and i want to take nyquil for my cold. is that safe?
how do i know if i'm deficient in an important vitamin or mineral?
can allergy shots cause hemorrhoids?
i have symptoms of pregnancy but i haven't had sex in  months and still get my period. should i take a test? . i have been fatigued have breast tenderness easily nauseated have been getting headaches (i never do usually) have vivid dreams been eating a lot/having specific unusual cravings and been moody. i have gotten my period every month but it's been  or  days late. i use birth control and i haven't had sex in about  months but i'm getting concerned.
can pre-cum get a girl pregnant? even if i didnt actually cum at any time. i had sex with my girlfriend and the condom broke but i never ejaculated at any time not even outside of the vagina. so does she have any chance of being pregnant? or no? btw those trojan bare skin condoms suck
snow border suffers stiffness in both achillescant get to a doctor
my son is a recent graduate of law school but he has been unable to find employment yet. . he has absolutely no income and no assets and no health care needs to speak of. so he does not need health insurance (although it would be nice to have) and he has no income with which to pay premiums so what are his choices? medicaid? under other circumstances no longer being a minor he would not qualify for medicaid.
what are the complications of having biploar disorder and being pregnant?
can u get menopause at age ? . i always mad or moody i havent had my period since aug  i read some of the symptoms of early menopause and i have a few of them weak bladder im always tired.
what happens if you eat fudge with white mold on it?
can i produce milk or watery white substance if i am not pregnant? . it happened during sex he squeezes and sucks alot. all the time. maybe he is doing that too much? or could i be pregnant? tests have said i wasnt.
what is the difference between augmentin and amoxicillin?
my cousin has severe anemia fever- doctors cant do anything for him?
does federal bcbs cover penil implant surgery? . have tried cialis testosterone injection and penil injections also vacumm pump no help. want to have penil implant but want to be sure fed bcbs covers it.
penis internal cut. at  was regularly masturbating  times a day twice continuously. at  i found it burns when urinating or soap comes in contact inside of penis opening. now at  have drastically reduced masturbation to  in  days but burning when i urinate has not stopped. the burning happens somewhere on the top side of the penis opening it subsides after . is there a cure? is there a medicine to apply inside of penis to treat the cut?
have high blood pressure. often times over /. i take medication with little help. should i be checking it at home? . i take my blood pressure a couple times a week or after having problem with getting dizzy or extreme sweating also more often if changing medications. my doctor say's i check it to often and should just not check it. not sure!
body hair tests. i am a  year old male and i have excessive body hair all over. i have been doing laser hair removal for over  years but hair just grow back without change. i would like to know what tests i can take to check if this is just genetic or something else. what type of tests can i take apart from normal testosterone levels to check this please? . thank you
i had unprotect sex my period was  days late i had some light bleeding that lasted day could i still be pregnant? . he pulled out but he pre came in side me and he didn't pull out on time.
does cipro cause weight gain?
i have a bruse on my outer buttox that doesnt goaway. occasionaly it flairs up and gets red and painful? what is this
 year old female walks outside everyday for  hours at my job. can't lose weight. what is a good diet plan?
multiple nodules now larger and hypoectoic?
i have been sick with colds strep throat bronchitis most of the semester?
i have headaches everyday tingling and pain in my feet at a loss at what to do?
my son received the meningococcal immunization last thursday. yesterday gave him another meningococcal. is this safe?
can sinus infection raise blood pressure
do you recommend the swine flu () vaccine?
does marijuana induce cavities? . i've heard that dry mouth from marijuana can be a factor for cavities. is that true?
i have migraine headaches blurred vision disoriented slurred speech fever weakness nothing is helping me?
do  year olds have bone in nose or just cartlidge?
do weight loss diets put you at risk for osteoporosis?
how can i get my baby to sleep through the night?
are there any warnings for the drug ibuprofen m?
is an infected uvula contagious? . last night i kept having to get up to get a drink because my mouth was dry and my throat hurt. when i got up this morning and looked at it with a flashlight my uvula was swollen about  times it normal size. i went to the doctor. she gave me a steroid shot a prescription for metho dose pack and antibiotics. i have not had fever at all. it just hurts really bad. am i contagious to anyone if i don't drink after them or they me or kiss someone?
i had cold coagulation for (cin) cervical intraepithelial neoplasia i have bleeding since that day?
can someone get pregnant even if you had intercourse and immedietley you receive your periods after three days of sex? . this is when you had already before  hrs taken e-pills
can losing sleep now affect the rest of my life?
can my girlfriend be pregnant? . my girlfriend and i were dry humping and she had sweatpants on and i had jeans on and we are nervous. i can't remember if i had touched myself and then fingered her or not. we are getting nervous that she could be pregnant. we are both virgins and don't know what to do. she is almost three weeks late for her period and we think its due to us stressing about it is this possible that she is pregnant? she also had pink blood in her urine she thought it was her period but it wasn't.
is it possible to be pregnant from oral sex
i am doing better with my anti-anxiety drug. do i need counseling?
i am  weeks pregnant and my throat is very sore. my tonsils feel swollen but i dont have a cold. what can i take?
i take   iu of vitamin a palmitate. can ii also take a multi-vitamin w/ vitamin a beta carotene?
why would a person be prescribed hydrochlorothiazide and metoprolol? . is it appropriate that a doc prescribed hydrochlorothiazide and metoprolol (hydrochloro  mg & metoprolol )?
how can i protect myself from bacterial vaginosis?
recent erectile dysfunction should i avoid changing medication and go for a pump?
debilitating back pain unable to do anything tests show connective tissue disease
is there any home remedy to help alleviate stomach ulcers. her prescription isnt working all that great but untill we get to the doctor again and in the inbetween time is there something she can drink like a tea or something from the grocerie store
herpes transmission somewhat complicated question. i have genital herpes but no outbreaks after the initial one. my partner got it from me and has genital outbreaks. we're wondering if we're able to spread it to each other in areas where we haven't had outbreaks during shedding (not active outbreak). seems obvious that we could spread it around while there are lesions so we're careful during her outbreaks. but the big mystery is . can we spread it to new areas during shedding. . ? . thanks a million. we've been searching hard for the answer. .
my son  lost two front teeth that were put back in at the er. should his dentist put in a permanent bridge? . they died but stayed in place until a gym mishap loosened one.
 weeks pregnant is it okay to drink caster oil to induce labor
having a mucus discharge anus causing leakage while whiping butt large amounts of mucus present
i am not feeling chest workouts in my chest. my chest is not building up like the rest of my body. how can i fix this? . if i am working biceps/triceps i will feel it in that area so i know i am doing the exercise right to get results. however every time i do my chest i never feel it. only my arms and shoulders burn up and get tired. i bench press with inclines cable crossover dumbbell flys and the hammer strength machines.
i currently have a good health insurance plan with cigna but i don't like their politics. . as a retired government worker i'm currently paying about $ per month for my husband and me to have major medical. can i switch to a policy under the aca and then go back to cigna if i don't like the new program?
my son smoked e juice mixed with wax out of a dab rig. should i worry? he says his lungs feel really hot. he smoked e juice and wax but without using the e cig. just straight out of a bowl. i'm concerned because he says his lungs feel like if they're on fire.
food poisoning? consumed  day old sliced corned beef (deli) had not checked date on previously opened bag. . within  hours extreme chills shaking of trunk and arms. no fever. in bed with lots of blankets still could not get warm. after  hours diarrhea. . shaking continued for  more hours then finally sleep. . . . next day achey sore all muscles in trunk and arms. diarrhea all day. . . . food poisoning? i can't find where chills are mentioned. thank you.
when is ringworm no longer contagious when swimming in a chlorinated pool? do waterproof bandaids prevent the spread?
please help with my allergic reaction to cherries.
my husband and i are doing our first iui and are collecting the semen specimen at home. can sperm survive very long? . it takes  minutes minimum to get to the doctor's office so the doctor said it was ok to collect the specimen at home.
first day of z-pak should have taken  only took  - now what to do
blood clots cannot be broken up doctors say there is nothing left to do need second opinion?
is feet swelling a side effect of bactrim use. i just finished my  round of bactrim. on my first round my two on my right foot were turning dark purple under the skin. his diagnosis was that i had cellulitis. one foot was cool to the touch and the other was very warm. he prescribed a  day regimen of bactrim to be taken orally twice a day. after the first round it seemed that the bactrim had done the trick and that it had worked. not so about a week later the same foot was swollen again. not sure what to make of it.
when is the best time to sign up for health insurance through the affordable care act?
i have a white spot about the size of a large grain of rice in the back of my throat on my tonsil of the left side. its a small white spot but it is very easy to see upon emamination. i have just gotten over a cold that did start with a very sore throat but that was about a a week ago now. there is only a spot on one side of my throat. i'm worried its some kind of infection. i can touch the area with my tonge and it is much warmer on that side of my throat than the other side. it is mildly irrated.
i feel like something stuck in throat. how to get rid of this?
what happens after you stop the depo provera injections. i've been on the depo for almost ! years. a new doctor cut me off as i have high blood pressure and have terrible anxiety issues going to doctors which raises it. i take bp at home and not as bad. i took for cysts on ovaries and haven't had any. i will be  in a month. may be a good thing but worried about side effects from being on so long? anything i need to watch out for?
multiple nodules now larger and hypoectoic?
no overys hotflashes  years will they stop? . etopic pregnancys no overys taking no more hormones hotflashes are killing me took replacement pills for  years stopped  years ago doctor said they would stop after a few months didn't. does anyone no how memapose works for a woman with no overys? please help! thank you mary
i have been experiencing memory problems for the past couple months?
do i have costochondritis?
why does the dr. tell the patient to not smoke for a week after tooth extraction?
sharp right testicle pain to scared to go to sleep and its . about  minutes ago i was just walking around in my house and out of nowhere my right testicle starting having sharp pain. the sharp pain its self only lasted about  minutes but now every few minutes i have a dull aching behind that testicle and it seems to be angled differently then my other one and it is sitting higher as well. . of course i have bad anxiety problems so i did some research online and seen about testicle torsion and i'm to scared to sleep. its not severe pain but noticable.
i am  year teen boy. i have been getting acne on my face from last  years. what should i do? . well i am getting acne on my face continuously. i tried various products but none of them worked.  years i have been through this. i also have problem of more than average sweating. are they interrelated? what should i do to stop acne?
is there a corralation between diabetes and boils?
do bedbugs cause anemia?
will heroin show up during fertility blood work? i'm having cycle day  blood work prenatial pannel and genetics. i don't usually do drugs and of course i did right before my period and now i have to get bloodwork done. will my doctor be able to tell? will they test for drugs?
is it wise to use a nebulizer for nasal congestion?
the doctor said that i have carcinogenic cells with bacterial nature?
small red whelp like bumps and red dots appear on penis after unpretected sex and the next intercourse it itches? . in a relationship with the same girl for over a year now. first  to  months never used a condom as she is on bc and never had a single issue but the last  months every time we have unprotected sex my penis gets irritated with red whelps and bumps. then the next sessions it feels like i am scratching an itch and i climax quickly. days after it will dry up and disappear. tried using a condom for a month and when we stopped it happened again. she has absolutely no symptoms or signs at all.
are there any diseases i can get from touching a tick? a tick fell off my dog. i picked it up not knowing what it was.
what can i expect during week  of my pregnancy?
is it safe to give my child a prescription medicine if it is six months past the discontinue date?
i hit my head i still have the numbness in my arms and hand
what happens if i had an air bubble in insulin i injected?
how does dairy cause constipation. after the clean gut diet (alejandro junger) for  days i reintroduced dairy by eating cheese  servings a day for  days resulting in noticeable constipation that had cleared up on the clean gut diet indicating that i have a sensitivity to dairy tho never had the diarrhea characteristic of lactose intolerance. but i love dairy especially cream. what is it in dairy/cow milk that would cause constipation? does that trigger also exist in cream or the higher-fat cheeses such as brie?
i started having intense sharp constant pain behind my right eye right temple area and backside of the right side of my head?
recent mammogram abnormal finding is biopsy needed?
i started taking doxycycline last week for acne and it caused me to menstruate. why is that happening?
what vitamins are needed for  thru  old girls that refuse to eat breakfast lunch live on bean burritos. no vegatable
i have abdominal discomfort everyday do i need endoscopy?
is it time for a new mattress?
does exercise shorten the the length of time a testosterone injection is effective.
is diarrhea a symptom of lung cancer?
i have pernicious anaemia and require regular  injections not sure my doctor is doing it right?
what could have delayed a woman from getting pregnant while the couples are sexually okay?
teenager age  with low grade fever  days headache eyes hurt with light and swollen upper lip
i take lexapro antidepressant. can i take an over-the-counter medicine for my allergies?
can you take nexium and crestor together?
is aerobics a good exercise to loose fat in belly?
what are low blood pressure signs and symptoms?
i am having some problems with tooth no ?
is cochlear implant covered by obamacare?
burning rash with pimples not going away which developed in inner butt after applying vicks vapor rub on a hemorrhoid. painful hemorrhoid since  days tried otc prep h suppository no relief. . someone said apply vicks vapor rub on the hemorrhoid gave it a try out of desperation my skin around the hemorrhoid in the butt crack burnt and some sort of a rash with blisters or pimples on each side of the crack appeared too painful and i have tried applying hydro-cortisone diaper rash cream triple h antibiotic cream zinc oxide nothing is working. peeing or washing with water even makes it burn like hell.
i have been burping with stomach pain and discomfort. what can be the reason?
i have not had my period and i am  years old. is there something with me or am i late? . i went to an obgyn and they said i was fine. though i'm a little scared.
i had sex  days before my period but my next month period is late or missing. so can i be pregnant? . my periods are irregular(absent most of the time). i was told that my body wasn't ovulating. so we have done  of clomid then stopped all treatment due to getting married. well the last  i actually had a period on my own and they both started around the  of each month. well we had sex  before my expected period date which came on time. the following month and no sign of my period and we are now about  late.
i have chest congestion acid reflux and heartburn. is it gerd or a heart attack?
what causes hiv/aids?
iron deficiency anemia. if iam suffering from iron defeciency anemia due to iron poor diet and heavy menstruation how long will it take me to treat anemia?
what kind of skin condition/infection is this? . yesterday an apparent skin infection on my check had swollen half of my face and made it extremely sensitive and sore. i seemed to have brought it down with ibuprofen and ice but the size of the actual bump has not diminished and still hurts. the bump itself looks like a raised inflamed elliptical area slightly over one inch long. the area feels mostly hard underneath while the skin above it feels very dry. what would cause this and should i see a doctor?
i came up positive for amphetamine was i wrongfully discharged?
what can i do to treat athletes foot at home?
does exercise boost endorphins in those with fibromyalgia?
i was hospitalized a month ago for a severe kidney infection nothing helped what should i do next?
could i be pregnant? . i had sex with my boyfriend on november . the condom broke but he pulled out and barely came. it was a very small hole. i have been having a white creamy vaginal discharge and i get cramps when i lay on my side. i have gotten some bad cramps otherwise too but no period. i was supposed to get my period december  and didn't. i took a line hpt on december  and it was negative. could i be pregnant? should i wait a while to take another test?
how risky is getting rimmed and fingered? . i about  weeks ago got rimmed by a guy and he fingered me after about a week of this episode i got gonorrhoea. i am freaked out what if i had hiv with gonorrhoea as i am unaware of his hiv status. . i got myself fully tested as i started to have pain in my ractal area. i went to full screening and was diagnoes with gonorrohea but the rest of stds were neg i am worrying so much and feel like hiding. the test was done at about  week after the exposure. the test was hiv duo .
i am having chest pains shortness of breath hypertension fatigue and nose bleeds. what should i do?
infected finger becoming numb?
im experiencing symptoms of sciatica/piriformus spasm how to reduce the pain so i can at least walk?
i bite my inner cheeks at night while im sleeping. how can i stop doing this so the sores will heal?
does burning more calories than taking in have a negative effect on weight loss? . i am participating in a weight loss program at a local gym and am a team leader. was asked by a participant why they can't get past a plateau. calorie intake is around  -  calories have a moderate active life style and burn about  calories during exercise - days a week. they had good losses until recently. can routinely burning more calories than taking in have a negative impact in weight loss?
how should i decide whether to use a medicine while i am pregnant?
i have had a very faint constant ringing in my left ear all day. could i be losing my hearing in my left ear? . it developed around : last night and has continued constant until :. i am really worried.
what can i expect during week  of my pregnancy?
can i use vicks vaporub during my pregnancy? i have a cough that wont go away. i'm  weeks pregnant.
i had a dull pain in my lower right stomach need a second opinion?
how are hemorrhagic fever viruses grouped?
i'm almost  and my period has never regulated. i generally get it every  to  months should i be worried? . i first got my period when i was . i have always been slender. despite regular healthy eating habits and hardly any real exercise i have never weighed more than  pounds. my weight normally fluctuates between  and  depending on the season. i have taken medication for both depression and add since  grade so my stress/anxiety levels are fairly normal. i also have slightly low blood iron but i'm not anemic. mostly i'm worried i'll never be able to have kids. what should i do?
right hand index finger proximal phalanges intermediate phalanges joint pain swelling. started a week ago. arthritus? . just looking for some options as to what the cause for the pain and swelling might be.
can you get a uti from fecal matter (diarrhea) accidently entering the urethra?
my ears are so stuffed i can barely hear what can i do so i can hear again. apparantly im getting a cold
what are pregnacy chances after a tubaligation? . i had my tubes tied after i had my son  yrs ago. i am  yrs old and i believe i'm showing signs of early pregnancy.
should i stop taking topamax if i'm going for allergy testing?
why are pregnant women warned not to use drugs?
i have c. o. p. d. interstitial cystitis and a lot of other health issues. i'm not covered by any health insurance. my insurance was terminated <negative_smiley>/. i am not able to work and my husband is . he has medicare and health insurance. what is the best coverage for me that is the lowest price? we are now living only on his social security check he draws each month.
could i be pregnant? . is there a chance i can get pregnant the day after my period finishes? i have never been on birth control and my cycle is usually  days. my boyfriend and i want to be parents but i am worried that it might be too soon. how would i begin to tell my parents?
is singulair a corticosteroid?
how to help a  year old that has crying issues? . he has always been an emotional kid. he cries when the teacher yells at the class and when he can't find something or can't figure out something. he has to know where the teacher his father and i are at all times. he is more worried about other people then himself. when i ask him why he is always crying he says that it is because he misses me and thinks of his grandma and a fish of his that passed away. (the fish passed away  week ago)
what are the symptoms of stomach cancer?
is it safe to give my child a prescription medicine if it is six months past the expiration date?
why are both of my nipples painful and hot to the touch? . i am  years old i am not nor have i ever been pregnant. i have never experienced this before what could this mean?
can you take zyrtec d that has expired and by how much?
is there a correlation between hair loss and stress?
ive been having constant headache for about  days now?
is it normal to bleed at  weeks pregnant. last week i took a urine preg. test it was very positive and i had a beta hcg done it was .  which said i was about  weeks pregnant weel last weekend i saw some light spotting it was brown and turned light red and it only lasted  days with no cramps i am still having symptoms of pregnancy like sore breast sweating and nausea but i took another urine preg. test today and it only showes a faint line should i be worried
what can i do to ease gastroenteritis stomach pain? . the pain in my stomach is so severe that the only relief i can get is sitting or laying down. when i am standing the pain comes back. will caffiene cause the pain or cause it to become more severe? what foods/drinks should i stay away from. i have been to the doctor several times for this and they always just tell me to go on a clear liquid diet until the symptoms go away. is there anything else they can do for me?
can you give bacterial vaginosos to a male sex partner
can masturbation cause pregnancy? . firstly this may sound really weird but ill go. i went in the shower and i masturbated then i sat on the toilet seat and used water to remove the semen. then i got uo and washed my hands and then just proceeded to shower. but then after my showering my gf entered the bathroom had a pee. now my question is of she can get pregnant because of my act? . please help! . tia
does foot detox have a medical benefit
can parkinson's disease be passed on from father to son?
i am doing a research paper comparing and contrasting exercise and fad diets. i cant find benefits and disadvantges. there are all types of information on both subjects but i cannot seem to find the right information for my compare and contrast topic of two methods of losing weight. i chose exercise and fad dies as the two topics to discuss. i have plenty of information on exercise but having a hard time with the fad diet issue. i was hoping for some added articles to point me in the right direction.
i fell /; dianosed / with torn rotator cuff; surgery was planned // changed to //. do i need surgery? . i have sickle cell anemia. could this hender the healing process if i do have the shoulder surgery?
i have had stomach problems for  years abdominal pain and constipation and rectal bleeding has been more frequent?
is steaming with eucalyptus benifical when you have a chest cold?
can the tb vaccine (bacille calmette-guerin) help prevent extensively drug-resistant (xdr) tuberculosis?
ive also got grade  asthma i went for a chest x-ray they said that was fine but i still have a wheezing cough and pains?
i had to have a tooth pulled. now another tooth is loose. should i have it pulled? i was hoping it would tighten back.
i work in a restraunt and a workmate has mercer. can i get infected?
can you take acid reflux medicine and probiotics together?
my son receives ssi and medicaid benefits. can i still add him on our family health insurance as a dependent? . we had him as a dependent when my husband had health insurance through his previous employer.
i have been taking irbesartan tabs  for at least  years for high blood pressure. does it contain hydralazine?
i was screened early for gestational diabetes  it came back high so now i do the  hour. i'm worried and scared. my mother and brother both have diabetes and i'm just really worried about this. i had a hard time getting pregnant over  years and just don't want to have to worry about this. is there any thing i can do to calm me down or help me manage it if i do have it. i'm feeling very stressed.
very bloody diarhea after several weeks of diarhea starting with intense family emergency. over last  weeks i've had intense stress due to family emergency and was away from my home for a month. had pretty severe diarrhea last  weeks. over last week or so i've had very bloody diarrhea usually in morning and at night. but the toilet water is so red that i can't see the bottom of the toilet bowel. there's a lot of blood when wiping. i've had some blood with bm after being constipated and i know the difference this is not the same.
is toe twitching numbness in hand and weak arms a sign of ms? . my three toes beside my big toe on my left foot twitch at random times and it only lasts a couple of minutes but no matter what i do i cant stop it this happens a few times a month. also my right hand goes numb at least  or  times a day. i've noticed the past month or so that my arms are becomming so extremely weak i can barely change my  year old's clothes anymore becaue my arms get so weak and my muscles in my arms hurt. there is probably a rational explination for all of these symptoms right?
experiencing fever cold sweats chills fatigue burning eyes and a deep pain in my mid section
is it safe for me to drink a monster energy drink while im pregnant?
does mountain dew mixed with adhd cause strokes?
where can i find a reliable list of food values for things like apples carrots etc.? . i am elderly diabetic and on a low salt diet. i need to know basic food values to be able to determine the food values of my recipes in order to maintain my diet. food labels from manufacturers only do half the job. i need the values for my fresh ingredients.
i have been diagnosed with polymyalgia rheumatica symptoms and pain persist even on meds
i am a  yr old male and i am unable to ejaculate when wife and i have relations i also have to take a type of viagra. ii this a serious problem because my wife thinks it is something about her. we have been together  yrs. i suffer from hypertension and various other physical ailments. i take a varity of medicene daiy ( blood pressure anti depresant neurological med muscle relaxer. etc. ) i am embaressed discussing this with my primary dr. any information would be a great help to me and my wife
can having diarrhea stop your period? . i started my period on sunday (wednesday now) but with the period also came diarrhea. i've been having constant diarrhea for  days now and my period just stopped after the first day. i've had a fever as well. my periods normally last + days so this is bizarre. i was hoping someone could let me know whether or not this is normal. thank you.
can you get pregnant from anal sex even though you are still a virgin?
what do i do for a certain gender pregnancy
"how is an infection of the hip bursa detected? at what point should you be tested for it? . i am under the care of a pain management doctor. he is also treating me for hip bursitis with cortisone injections. this has been an ongoing issue for me since becoming strictly a ""side sleeper"" since spinal fusion surgery ( years ago). both hips are involved. i also take both meloxicam and gabapentin along with pain medications prescribed by my doctor."
had pox in my 's now  and have something similar. not localized in one patch. can shingles be more spread out? . it's mostly on my shoulders chest and back but also a few on my arms legs and now my hands. i have had a lot of stress lately. itchy burning pain. because it is not on one side of my body i think it might be something else stress related hives maybe?
my  y/o is always complaining of stomach pains what could it be? a tapeworm? galbladder issues? . she eats a lot could be stress? she can barely make it around the corner before asking to stop cuz of her stomach. sometimes she will throw up out of the blue she is always in pain.
what is bun?
i was diagnosed with hypothyroidism and was put on levothyroxine  millagrams it was working but now i feel it's not. is there a higher dose to go t? . i just feel like i did before i started the medicine. i hate to be taken medicines and them not working. i am gaining weight and want to just stay in bed and not work.
my mother underwent an aortic aneurysm repair still has catheter my aunt died of septic poisoning due to a similar event?
i have fever several times a day with pressure in lower abdomen?
do i have any risk in getting pregnant immediately after a miscarriage?
i have an abscess tooth been treating w/anitbiotics. cant be pulled for another year due to insurance. will it be ok? . the tooth has been abscess for about  months now. i have another year to wait until my insurance will pay for the partial i need. i'm a woman and it's a front tooth and i don't want to go toothless for over a year. i don't want to hurt myself either so i need to know if i keep treating with antibiotics when it abscesses will i be ok until i can get my partial?
is exposure to direct sunlight good or bad for shingles?
i have anorexia nervosa binge purge subtype having sharp pains in my left collarbone region and upper left rib cage?
i have been bruising a lot for no reason and losing vision?
why cpvt is not evident on ekgs?
i have a knee replacement my left leg is swollen just above the knee to the foot?
if bacteria is resistant to levofloxacin could cipro still work?
got flu shot then got what seems to be flu twice once in jan. then in march is that possible? . had fever  body aches sore throat runny nose.
i had major heart attack active thyroid crohns disease diverticulitis bronchitis. whats wrong with me?
doctor prescribed  b-blocker twice a day for a month to control palpitations & bp?
i have been diagnosed with neuropathy in my legs but am not diabetic. it is slowly progressing up my legs any ideas?
can an active sex life cause a yeast infection in females
what is the difference between a neurologist and a neurosurgeon
i have been getting pain in the left side just below the second rib in the back?
pain in upper chest at walking exercise start worsens for a few minutes eases after  min walking. any idea why? .  year old male. overweight non-smoker. in stress test the pain began with no change in ekg. test terminated before pain worsened or eased up.
can you take ibuprofen & mucinex fast max which contains acetaminophen at the same time?
why am i not menstruating? . i'm  years old and i haven't had a period in  months. i can % guarantee i'm not pregnant. i'm not overweight i don't exercise really intensely and i don't really have anything to seriously stress about. i moved back in january but i've had a period since then so i don't think stress from that is the problem. i have chronic constipation which may or may not be ibs. could that be what's causing this? i want to make sure before i go get looked at and told that's what it is.
i performed oral on a man who said as far as he knows he is clean and practices safe sex. however i am nervous about hiv. i know that oral and hiv is considered a low risk activity but should i be as worried as i am? i also heard that there are enzymes in the saliva that kill hiv is this true? there were no cuts in my mouth at the time that i was aware of and no sores either.
what are the risk factors for colorectal cancer?
problem with burning urine tried different antibiotic no helping. it gets better when i drink water come back again. my urine was taken to lab for further tests. nothing unusual was found. . . . if i drink lot of water the burn will go away for couple of hours and come back again. . . . please help. . . . regards. .
my ejaculate is % sticky and is very watery. the color is white. is that a sign of infertility? . i have diabetes and i'm in my . it was not watery before and was sticky. but now no stickiness and just watery. please help. thanks
why do some people lose weight faster than others?
does tea cause contractions? . i am  weeks pregnant and have a cough. well i drank some lipton tea (% natural) last night and after  minutes of drinking it i started to have contractions. they lasted for about  minutes. well i wondering if it was the tea or something else. because i wanted to try and drink some cinnamon tea but i read it can induce labor.
advantages of fuel injection with carburetor? . aftermarket industries pty ltd abn  is an australian owned and operated automotive part design and production firm. aftermarket industries specliases in the design and manufacture of high performance fuel system and automotive performance products. - see more at: <link>#sthash. . dpuf
is creatine safe for a  year old child?
am i pregnant? i had sex w/o a condom two days after my period ended and im on birth control & he said he pulled out. i've been on birth control since may my period ended two days before i had sex w/o a condom. i also started my new pack of birth control the day before. my boyfriend said he pulled out before anything happened but i'm still worried. i've been getting headaches and some lower abdominal pain as well.
could you provide a few links to the major studies showing excessive saturated fat is unhealthy? . this website and the american heart association continue to recommend a diet low in saturated fat. but the current buzz on the internet is that there is really little evidence for that position. in fact france eats a diet high in saturated fat yet has a low rate of deaths from heart disease (<link> <link> ). can i see links to the original studies showing sf is harmful?
what happens to the breasts in pregnancy?
is it possible to spread chlamydia without being sexually active? . my friend has chlamydia before she knew she did i had allowed her to borrow some of my underwear i washed it and have probably worn it by now i do not remember which garments they were exactly but they were washed. i had used her ecigarette as well. i am unsure whether any of these things can cause me to catch chlamydia i am going to go get tested whenever i can get to a doc but i am very fearful of whether or not it is possible to catch it from cleaned underwear or an ecig used by them.
could i have given my husband the shingles? he has never had the chickenpox but i did as a child.
i feel sleepy during office hours even after  hours sleep at night. please advice.
why is my period late? (not pregnant). i am two weeks late on my period and i am not pregnant (took a test and it came out negative). i just moved to a new country and started a very high-stress job. i am also an avid exerciser and had an iud implanted recently. are all these things contributing factors as to why i haven't gotten my period yet? is there anything i can do to make my period come?
my family has familial tremorsmy tremors have now increased
i had a tubal ligation done  years ago! and have beenthinking of having a other baby! what can i do? . what options do i have? . i only what one more child! i have  already!
my son had his aortic valve replaced with a mechanical one last year. his l - disk just went out yesterday?
if i take pills my period is regular. if i stopped taking pills my period stops too. i'm worried i might not get pregnant
i cant produce sperm is it normal after prostate surgery?
i am  years old and have been married for about  / years. however i have no sexual drive. what could cause this? . i enjoy sex once i have started it but i just do not have the desire to have sex.
does taking vitamin supplements help women get pregnant that have polycystic ovarian syndrome. if vitamins do help with pcos/ infertility what dosages of each vitmain is recoomanded for a women trying to get pregnant. . calcium vitamin d magnesium potassium omega  coenzyme  b vitamins vitamin a vitamin c vitamin e zinc iron selenium and cinnamon. also an other vitamin supplements that may help with pcos and infertility. im looking for a natural remedy. thanks
my  yr old woke up with dried blood in her ear. she had an earache  days ago i gave her ibuprofen. no ear pain since. her grandmother and grandfather both became deaf at a young age due to their eardrums bursting. could this be serious?
i lost consciousness twice without any particular reason?
it started out i had syptoms of a uti but test proved that to be false. alot of pain after ejactualation and after i pee. already diagnosed with hydrocele is this much pain normal?
can you take tums and gas-x at the same time?
small pea sized lump in my cheek. about a year ago i noticed a lump in my cheek. it's on the right side and it's inside my cheek meaning it's not in my mouth it's in my skin in my cheek. it is not painful and it is about the size of a marble. it's grown since i first noticed it. it's moveable and it's not painful. it feels hard and dome-shaped. i'm  and my ent is sending me to get an ultra sound to figure it out. . what could this be? could it be cancerous? could it be a salivary glad thing?
can acupuncture help dementia
i'm  weeks pregnant and i smoked weed how do i clean my system out before baby is due in due aug. .
tryin to get pregnant for years but nothing yet my husband is type  diabetes is that one of the reasons why?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of humalog kwikpen?
so is there a cure for seborrheic dermatitis? . is there any truth to mayonnaise and vitamin e oil applied to affected areas curing this ailment?
i was diagnosed with chronic anxiety and have had transient anxiety attacks?
my  levels are at toxicity levels what is wrong?
how can i manage my diabetes in order to prevent heart disease?
why do i need a mrv after i just had an mri?
could it not be herpes? . i had a small itchy itchy itchy path about an - inch away from my bikini line on my inner thigh. i thought it was poison ivy so i put on benadryl cream and it seemed to stop the itching but the bumps raised and were somewhat sore but i don't know if that was due to friction they then scabbed and the itching started again. i havent had sex in .  months and have been with the same guy for over  years. i'm going to get a blood test next tuesday. . any advice?
my  year old has been coughing only in the late evening during the night and until mid-morning for many weeks now. . i usually give him  to  l'il critters gummy vites that have echinacea vitamin c and zinc in them every day. he doesn't cough during the day. he had a cold a few weeks ago which has since gone away except for this cough. it actually starts late in the evening right around bedtime continues off and on during the night when he changes positions and then starts to go away around mid-morning. . . i would say it's probably more of a dry hacking cough. could it be whooping cough?
how will obamacare affect medicare recipients? are there pending changes in the law or are there very little effects?
rash behind my ears spread to neck and face is this more then just an allergic reaction?
can a mole on my my lower lip be removed?
i am a  yr old woman. is there anything wrong with getting up to go to the bathroom - times during the night?
"for a ' ""  year old male  pounds drinking  ounces of beer a night be cause for concern? . he also smokes marijuana daily  joints. what are the health risks? he drinks and smokes about the same amount daily."
what is the best age to introduce or switch to a new day care setting for my child who is  months old?
i missed my period took a pregnancy test and it is negative? . i was supposed to get my period on / and it came / then again on /(which was early and lasted only a few days my normal length is  days) i was to get my period yesterday and still dont have it. my husband and i are trying to begin a family could i be pregnant even if the test says no? should i try again?
period in june n in july spotting  negative tests but all symptoms possible pregnant. had my last period / my fiancé and i been tryoing he came home / then / had pressure and bright red spotting been craving doritos took  tests all negative but been having a;; the symptoms can i be pregnant i hope so we really want to be
how do you treat a pulled groin muscle?
i have a prescription for xanax for anxiety is it better to take as needed or on a daily basis? . take citalopram  . prescribed alprazolam due to continued anxiety and insomnia low dose  am/pm. except days i may have alcohol. is it better to take everyday regularly or as needed? i have been taking weekdays not on weekends if i have a drink how does not taking it  but taking it every other day affect me and is this ok to take this way or not ideal? drugs are new to me i started taking the citalopram due to feelings of irrational rage stress irritable and unhappy and insomnia.
recovering from cold left cheek is swollen and sore in front of ear and down around the back side of jaw at joint. should i seek medical assistance or wait a few days to see if gets better.
congestive heart failure patients should or should not drink water or other fluids
do i need to worry about ephedra being in any weight loss supplements i buy online?
can e. coli bacteria be in a boil near the anus?
dry sperm. recently me and my gf have some quality time in that process i get some of my sperm on my hand which get dry after with the same hand i help my partner to masterbate is there any chance of pregnancy
two weeks ago my  year old went to the doctor with pnemonia took the antibiotics and the cough is worse now than before. the crap she is coughing up was clear for a few days and now its green again im wondering if i should even bother taking her back to the doctor or if i shoudl take her to urgent care or should i just let be my big concern is that she has had this cough fo r going on  weeks now
can you get yeast infections from working in the garden and sweating all day long & wearing wet under garments?
why is dry mouth a problem?
my husband only coughs and spits mucus during the smoking period. is it the beginning of copd? or is he having from long.
how to remove acne in body? i have some acne around my body(up) what should i do?
can i get my period while pregnant? . i feel pregnant though i had my last period ending last friday (it's monday). can i be pregnant even though i bled?
i have strep throat (streptococcal pharyngitis) prescribed clindamycin now feel awful?
is it true that i can remove an iud by myself? if so what can be some consequences of doing it myself? . i have a copper iud for over  years. i've heard i can be really pricey to have an iud and have been wondering if i can do it myself. i've done some research but i'm not completely sure if the info is legit. i would also like to know if it is possible if it would have consequences to my uterus.
i am a diabetic. i have a white cottage cheesy slime on my tongue. i brush several times a day. how can i treat this?
i was prescribed the wrong dose of antibiotics?
my  old is allergic to dogs and cats being that he is allergic to dogs/cats would he be allergic to hamsters also?
i have noticed a rash under my arm it is not responding to hydrocortisone cream like it has in the past what should i do. it may have started when i began using a new deodorant however i quit using it when i noticed the rash two weeks ago i have put hydrocortisone cream on it every night and it sort of seemed like it would go away but it has not yet.
i will be turning  in december. . upon applying for medicare i received a notice that i'll be billed for part b at $/month each quarter. is this mandatory? what if i don't have the funds to pay for this? (i have not had a full-time job since . ) is medicare all that i need to fulfill the insurance requirement?
i believe i contracted herpes from tanning machine at gym?
is it normal to miss periods after taking i-pill?
does lemon water really help you lose weight. people claim that by adding lemon to your water and meals accelerates your metabolism and helps cut fat quicker. is this myth or true? please advise. thank you.
is it worthwhile to get a minor tummy tuck if i plan to have children?
my mother gets head spins vision gets black or blurred?
i had a heart attack  year ago how long can i expect to carry on taking statins and is there an alternative. i am a  year old male who was diagnosed at the same time as a type  diabetic which i now control with my diet and change of lifestyle and no longer take the medication. i have a bmi of .  after losing  kilos and i exercise daily.
i have conjunctivitis (pink eye) with yellow discharge
can warts from a childs hand be passed on to my animals. . my dogs are going to be watched for a week by a family with a child who has a multitude of hand warts and they are now being treated with a salve and medication. he is four. can my dogs get the virus from playing with him or licking him.
how to find out the reason for extreme sweating muscle stiffness and cramp?
is swollen prostate a cause of death
i have abdominal pains legs are numb and weak can you help me
is fever pox another name for chicken pox
"i have pressure in my right knee but no pain; the pressure limits my ability to bend the knee fully. condition began shortly after i drove for two long days and then played tennis a day later. i am male  years old and in generally good health/fitness and healthy weight ('"" ). there's no pain unless i try to bend the knee completely. otherwise it's just a sense of pressure like there's a bit of fluid built up inside the knee. my left knee is perfectly fine. i have no other symptoms - no fever for example."
what are some dietary recommendations if i have stomach ulcers?
my childs temperature always runs higher (.  or higher @ all times of the day) with a temporal scanner thermometer. my childs temperature always runs higher (.  or higher all times of the day) with a temporal scanner thermometer than any other way of taking his temperature? (under his arm or rectal all run normal) not sure this is normal and does he or does he not have a temperature?
i'm having severe constant stabbing pain in the top of my left shoulder. hurts when i breathe. what's going on? . taking a deep breath in or a shallow breath it hurts either way. it does not extend into my arm nor up my neck. the pain does not go down into my back either. i have some gallbladder trouble and wondered if this might be a contributing factor. taking an otc pain med i. e. advil does not help this pain go away. it wears off with time but sometimes this lasts for days.
why are sweets easier to digest? . i had a gastric bypass in november . now i find that sweets (i. e. chocolate cake pie etc. ) are easier to digest than nutritious food. the doctor says i should cut down on sweets so i don't put the weight back on. how can i when they are easier to digest and i am hungry?
what is shingles?
my daughter has blurry vision and some black dots in the corona
is it possible to be pregnant from oral sex
orbital fracture & numbness on left of face. on / i fainted i got a c/t scan went to an ent dr. he told me i have a displaced fracture and it would heal itself but my face still hurts sometimes the left side of my face feels like it's burning. the left side of my face esp. near the left temple/eye area is still numb and my upper lip/nose area is still numb also. help! any suggestions for next course of action and what type of doctor should i see? thank you!
 weeks pregnant wisdom teeth removed need pain relief?
adult ureterocele repair should it be done? . just trying to get all the facts. i am  and have ureteroceles on both sides. i suffer from a lot of infections and kidney stones is it worth it to have the surgery?
"under the affordable care act how does the ""tax"" on the uninsured work?"
i started having intense sharp constant pain behind my right eye right temple area and backside of the right side of my head?
montelukast sodium  mg tablet can be given to .  year child to treat eczema or frequent allergic child? . my son has got rashes over the body. normally it appears when there is fever around  f. every month or two he gets these rashes. initially they were limited to chest and back but in subsequent fever it appeared again over body specially on chest back arms and joints. doctor has diagnosed and there is a possibility of eczema or allergic. initially cetirizine hydrochloride .  two times a day was given for a more than week. now montelukast sodium  mg one tablet a day is advised.
why do the directions for the lisinopril hctz /.  mg i'm taking say to stay out of the sun?
how to overcome the fear of my boyfriend cheating on me again?
pain left breast cough  fever cannot sleep on side?
"is this a cyst? why does it seem to be spreading? . okay so first things first. i have  hard bumps at the base of my penis. first thing i did was go to planned parenthood and get tested for std's. right away the dr looked at the bumps and said ""this definitely isn't an std it's likely a sebaceous cyst if i had to guess"". the thing is when i researched those cysts they seemed to be filled with pus and fluid and when i have stabbed mine it's just a hard fleshy lump and nothing comes out but blood. any thoughts or similar experiences?"
pregnant with tampon in. my husband and i were messing around and he got come on the outside of my vagina. i'm on my period and had a tampon in. i took a shower immediately washing it away. can i get pregnant even though i had a tampon in?
how common is heart disease among women?
i've had almost no appetite for several months and am losing an unhealthy amount of weight. how to reverse both losses? . i've had no appetite for maybe three or four months. i have a history of anorexia but this is unintentional. i buy cook and order food i want to eat but the second it's in front of me i can't eat it. i recently moved took a less stressful job and am at a lower level of anxiety than i've ever been before but my jaw clenching is coming back and i can't make myself eat. i've lost a lot of weight and my starting point was already pretty thin. i'm five foot two inches and weigh around  lbs
does the pain with the appendix have a burning sensation?
can flu test be done on someone who is on an antibiotic
can you develop an allergy at anytime of your life?
i am a  year old female who is considering going back on psychiatric medication?
i belive my boyfriend is bipolar or has boderline personality disorder. he is abusive it was just verbal until a couple of weeks ago. he slapped me. we went and saw a counlsor and he confirmed how abusive he was. he wanted him to come for sesssions he was beat as a child by his father. he stopped smoking pot  months ago but has done that and alcohol all his life. he takes no responsibilty for his actions. he is degrading and insults me. he breaks up all the time and then wants to get back togeather. he\'s extremly sensitive and emotional. he does not use logic to base decisions on but emotion. ofcourse he can also be sweet and wonderful. at this point we are breaking up and i am moving out. i told him if he ever hit me again i would put him in jail. so right now he is very afraid of that. he won\'t work on himself. he thinks it\'s all my fault. how do i deal with him? one minute he\'s telling me off the other night and the next minute wants to know if i love him? please help.
"i was in the woods and now i have an itchy place on my arm that just looks like a scratch. its "" & has a few bumps"
i have contractions pain and i lost a large blood clot could i have had a miscarriage?
what is cryptitis? is this associated with colitis?
can an mri scan determine the type of prostate cancer (fast or slow growing)?
i have cramping and diarrhea for  weeks now?
can a women get pregnant from precum (pre ejaculation) and if she doesnt have an orgasim?
why is drinking water important during exercise?
why can't i get a flu shot if i am allergic to feathers?
what causes hives in a  year old boy and it is not food allergies? . my  year old son has been getting hives. they are red swollen spots that itch. the claritin works so much better but he will be ok for a few days/ weeks and then starts again. the last bout we had was his face swelled. lips eyes cheeks. he looked aweful. we now have an epi pen just in case it gets severe. one doctor stated that it could be caused by stress? we do see flare ups when he is concerned about someone or something. . could this be hormones? pre teen?
male  yrs old. i have low t. cat scan shows no pitutary tumor. symptoms low sex drive fatigue mild depression. cause? . surprised by low testosterone in blood work. i have a lot of body hair. what is the cause? will this always be a problem?
how can i tell if i'm in perimenopause?
i am on medicare. due to my state refusing the extra medicaid money i can't get help with the % co-pay. i can't afford it. is there an aca plan that might help me?
i have a wart on my cheek it has been there for only two weeks. is there a homeopathic cure i can try?
i have arthritis in my knees and my leg stay sore and feel like they are about to cramp is there anything i can take? . i take hyland leg cramp pills but they only help for an hour or so. i talked with my pcp but they have no answers can someone please help me. .
what medications and treatments are available to treat hypothyroidism?
i had hernia repair  weeks ago – incisional and belly button?
what are muscle-strengthening exercises?
i was told that i need a biopsy in my left breast but i have no palpable masses?
how do i avoid heartburn while exercising?
terrible headaches worst human pain
what is the maximum allowable daily dosage for acetaminophen?
i work have no insurance have  college students  gets ssdi  is in another state whats my best insurance option?
blood in stool black smelly & vomiting  in a week every day bm blood stool tissue and some on bed do i need to go er. i have blk stools now smell bad consipation worsened since sugery last may for colon polyps ever since i been bleeding well i went to a spealist proctolist after that cause other dr said wait it will stop well i bleed gi for month no stop and some clotting in it too not right now my right side is burning i have a big lump sticky out my buttoucks with what feels like tiny things inside it i keep it clean by using swabs it burns but i am afarid of infection so i do it er or wait wk to see pcp
trying to get pregnant taking taking siphene tablets and folvite
someone i know took too many tylenol. how many tylenol would you have to take to do permanent damage to vital organs?
i had a microbe in my lungs that caused me strong fever and fast heart beats?
i have been in a lot of severe pain with my lower back since september?
what viruses include these symptoms: headache body aches weakness fever loss of appetite stomach pain and nausea? . besides ebola.
i have dark spots on my legs. is there a cream or a type of acid to bleach these spots? where do these spots come from?
i have a small hole in my right testical. i bleeds sometimes a little sometimes a lot. i don't know whats wrong. help
are ear plugs safe? . how far into the ear are the ear plugs supposed to go?
how can i control my blood sugar after accident? . currently i'm taking  mg of metformin twice a day to control my sugar. i was recently in an accident and my blood sugar numbers are way out of control. i cannot exercise the way i used to (damaged to  disc's in the neck and lower spine as well as nerve damage). besides watching my diet even more is there anything else i can do to avoid these spikes?
i cant produce sperm is it normal after prostate surgery?
hi i have acne problem on my back. it leaves black scars in the last  years. acne problem is spreading to my shoulders. hi i have acne problem on my back and it leaves black scars which has not come back to normal skin even after  years. now the acne problem is spreading to my shoulders. i'm  years old and i've been on two courses of doxycycline tablets in the last one year. still there seems to be no effect on the acne problem. i've been prescribed adapalene and benzoic acid creams. done chemical peeling too. but there is no change in the problem. your help and advice is appreciated.
why do i get so ill when i get diarrhea. hello i take a lot of medications which cause me to be constipated so every so often i get terrible diarrhea. when this happens i get sick to my stomach to the point that i think that i am going to throw up and or pass out my body feels like it is on fire and i sweat so bad that my entire body is sopping wet the sweat is so bad it can almost form a puddle on the floor from my face. can you please tell me what is happening to my body at this time. thank you dana
will the rates be based just on income not monies taken out of after tax savings?
when should i take a pregnancy test? . my last depo shot was in nov . my period haven't returned as of yet but i have been having unprotected sex since march. still i haven't started my period yet. could it be possible that i'm pregnant without seeing any signs/symptoms?
are there special doctors for migraines?
can acetaminophen cause rectal bleedin. can acetaminophen cause rectal bleedin
can stopping warfarin cause a stroke?
what type of diet should i follow if i have high blood pressure?
will vasectomy be a reason for prostate cancer?
my doctor wants to prescibe januvia before using metformin or a sulfonylurea. . she says i am too young to start on metformin.
my period is  days late i'm having multiple symptoms such as nausea fatigue light cramps but negative test today help? . i been nauseous for a week now and started vomiting today after certain smells. took a test results negative. my periods have never been this laye ever. there hasn't been any changes to my life that wpuld cause stress. could it be too early or something else. me and my husband think i'm pregnant but not quite sure. any ideas
diagnosed with myoclonus dystonia after years of baffling medical tests living with too many animals?
what can cause a white blood cell count of  . i've had night sweats pain in my kidneys trouble emptying bladder weak stream i recently got blood work done the nurse informed me my white cell count was   and the doctor ordered more labs to be done but no one would tell me what's going on
i have sore breast for  week and bad cramps but no period and its due come already. could i be pregnant? . i had sex  days before ovulation and a day after. he pulled out though
what is a cold? is it a virus?
what is the  virus?
how do you prevent an asthma attack when exercising?
can excessive drinking affect ones ability to trust someone? causing anxiety and jumping to conclusions? . i recently was confronted by a friend who goes out a lot and drinks a lot. he asked me if i thought drinking was a cause for him to make rash decisions and be the cause of his inability to trust his girlfriend who lives a few hours and jump to conclusions for no given reason with no reason from her to not trust. anyone have opinions or even medical research on this topic?
if a  year old girl goes low for her boy friend and he coms in her mouth should she sallow it? . some people say its good for the body is it true?
i have sharp burning pain in my right buttock. i can't sit for long periods of time. i am also numb in my genital area as well.
i am  and have never had chickenpox. my grand-daughter may now have them. do i have to be concerned for my health?
can a woman stop using testosterone cream cold turkey? . i am a  yo female and had uterine cancer  years ago and underwent a total hysterectomy. since then i was diagnosed with polymyalgia rheumatica which is now in remission. i noticed a much decreased sex drive and talked to my gyn who gave me a prescription for testosterone cream. i began using it almost two months ago and have seen no change in the sex drive. i have high cholesterol and high bp and currently take two bp meds. i want to quit using the cream should i reduce slowly? thanks!
what could the clump of dead skin in my stool mean? . i've been having severe diarrhea spells for the past three years or so. i've seen doctors and could not find any solutions despite having four colonoscopies performed during this time. this morning as usual i had diarrhea again but this time i saw a clump of dead skin floating in the toilet after i went. is there any severe conditions i should be worried about?
what is the best skin care routine to prevent aging?
micronor (norethisterone) taken at  everyday unprotected sex on tuesday took pill missed on wednesday pregnancy? . i am currently on micronor (norethisterone) i take the pill at  everyday i had unprotected sex on tuesday and i took the pill straight after although i then missed the pill on the wednesday night does this mean i could potentially get pregnant from the sex on the tuesday?
my cousin has crohn's disease. she is not taking any medicine and is very stubborn. what can i do? . her crohn's disease is very severe and she is very ill. she won't take any guidance from her parents. she also switches to another doctor if the medicine doesn't work immediately. how can i help her get better?
how to control my high blood pressure?
what do i due a drug reaction to amoxicillin. i had two bladder infection with in a month. the doctor gave me some meds. my second bladder infection turned out to be a bacteria infection in my vagina. so then i was put on amoxicillin. by the next day i look like i had hives. and i was very ittichy. it's been a month and i still get bumps or hives and i'm itchy still. what should i do? . help.
my gyno diagnosed me with  by just a  minute observation without a culture or bloodtest. is this legitimate? . i have had hsv  since i was a baby but have never had an outbreak. a week ago i had a burning itch on my vagina that followed with skin peeling. i was diagnosed with a yeast infection a week prior and was given a pill to get rid of it. quickly went to see a new gyno. he was down there for literally  minutes and filled a prescription for metrogel a herpes medicine and a yeast medicine without doing a culture. can he diagnose herpes just by a general observation? im confused
is it normal to constantly become hungry yet become full from eating very little? what does this sound like? . ever since i started strength training my appetite is out of control. i have to eat something almost every hour to avoid that feeling of starvation in my stomach. and yet when i choose to eat it takes very little to satisfy my appetite. i've never felt so confused about hunger in my life. what can i do so that i can feel full for more than an hour at a time and not have to worry about eating over a half dozen times a day? in the same vein how can i still feel hungry after a few bites?
i bleed for  to  hours after intercoursewhat is going on?
what could cause abdominal pain to last  and the cause a bile movement of white stool and diarrhea? . my daughter is  yrs old. she been havin severe abdominal pain for about  weeks.  days ago she started having diarrhea that is all white bile. the pan is getting worse. she will wake up with the pain in the middle of the night. she does not always have a bile movement with the pain however. we have had blood work at the er and a urine test. it all came back good. but i know something is wrong. when she gets the pain it brings her to her knees. she can not move
can dogs eat popcorn
can my -year-old son be put on nitrous oxide at the dentist while he is currently taking adderall and risperdal?
my mother is  requires anti-coagulants need second medical opinion?
took plan b pill havent had a period in almost two months. pregnant? . i took the emergency pill dec.  and bled about  days but still took my birth control. was having unprotected sex and on dec.  i stopped taking my pills to see if i would get my period about  days later i was slightly spotting and it stopped. dec.  was the first day i bled and still there is nothing. i've been tired very emotional and slightly cramping swollen/tender breasts and my lower abdominal is very bloated. i took  pregnancy tests and all negative. could i be pregnant?
what is bacterial vaginosis?
spotting after having intercourse shortly after a hysterectomy (uterus and cervix removed) is this to be expected? . i had the procedure around  weeks ago and within the past week have noticed some light spotting on the napkin. just trying to figure out if this is normal after the procedure for a while or should i visit my doctor again. also i have been feeling tired often but my doctor did say that is to be expected after having a hysterectomy and be a while to regain my strength. i just figured i should be feeling better by now. . . . thank you
"will have a colonoscopy next week what do you suggest i eat this week before the test. in the past i have fasted  days and still failed to get ""good clean out"". is there a suggested diet i should follow this week before i go to clear liquids only for the  days before the test"
how often should i replace my running shoes?
how can ringworm of the scalp or beard be prevented?
is it dangerous to get pregnant while taking yaz contaception. i have been taking the pill continuously for two years. i have never been late and i have no pregnancy symptoms except my stomach looks bigger. . i had a pap smear in mid november two regular periods in december and january. my last regular period was two weeks ago. . i took a pregnancy test in mid december that was negative. i just took another one and it came up positive immediately. i am now concerned that the baby may have birth defects due to taking yaz?
should i be exercising if i have rheumatoid arthritis or just taking it easy most of the time?
daughter tested positive for mono. the only symptom is swollen lymph nodes in her neck. can she play soccer? . she has no fever no swollen spleen no sore throat no fatigue. dr left it up to us whether or not she should play! just want to hear other opinions.
will my soldier pop hott during a random drug test given by the army if he took his wifes concert about a week ago? . will my soldier pop hott during a random drug test given by the army if he took his wifes concert about a week ago?
can i get pregnant after child birth before i have had my first period?
how do you prevent the common cold?
i have diarrhea and found lumps on rectal area?
we keep hearing about the different levels of health insurance plans like bronze or silver. . however the only differences mentioned on the website are the premium and co-pay costs and deductibles -- not a word about what is actually covered. am i missing something or is there no difference in actual care coverage?
im captain of running team had bad accident doc says zero activitybut i need to run?
when can i have unprotected sex with my new husband after taking antibiotics? . after being on birthcontrol for years i recently went on sulfameth/trimethoprim  i took  pills twice a day for  days. the day i started my antibiotics was the same day i started my placebo pills which i started my period four days later as usual. on the last day of my antibiotics i started my new pack of birth control as prescribed (gildess fe . /). i am curious when my husband and i can have unprotected sex with no concerns of getting pregnant. help we are newlyweds!
are men today more obsessed with their genital functions?
can teens and young adults get shingles?
besides medication for blood pressure what is my next move? . recently my blood pressure has spiked up and my weight has well. i know exercise is needed. what else can i can do besides taking blood pressure medication.
i recently took antibiotics for an ear infection for a week. a few days after i got bad stomach cramps & loose stool. hi. i took zithromax (z-pak) antibiotics for an ear infection for about a week. a few days after i finished taking them i began to have painful stomach cramps and loose stool. what do i have and how can i fix it? . thanks!
can you take cold medicine before a knee surgery?
my babys arms measure  weeks behind and her legs  weeks behind?
will marijuana in system stop surgery. i haven't smoked marijuana in about two months but it is still in my system. i am scheduled for spinal surgery in ten days. i did a urine sample as part of pre-op and wonder if it would stop my surgery if found in my system?
"at what age is the penis it's permanent size? for those with low testosterone (at ) can creme spur growth? . i'm just  and am well into puberty. i've long had pubic hair my facial hair is existant chest hair is starting to grow (sporadically and slowly) and pimples still pop up. i seemed to have stop growing height wise (' ""  lbs). penis size is a problem for me though. i'm afraid i have low testosterone though that's just a hunch. would. testosterone. . creme. or a hefty workout regiment (to spur the release of testosterone) help my penis grow? or is the pemanent size likely already reached?"
how do you know a purple spot is cancer? . the spot is lightly raised and is on the inside of my right forearm. i also have a spot (raised that appeared on the forehead but looks like a blister. it is getting dryish but still raised. my brother had melanoma my grandmother had a type of stomach cancer and my dad had some type of cancer but not sure what kind. .
i have bipolar  disorder i always feel numb and void on meds. r there any meds that could make me feel good and treat. ive been off and on mood stabilizers and/or anti-psychotics for the past  years and tend to go off my meds because of the dead emotional feeling. i would like to not go bat***** crazy every three months but i would also like to enjoy things and have feeling maybe even a good feeling. any ideas of meds that wouldnt send me into some kind of manic chaos whirlwind but would make me feel good and enjoy life?
what are the symptoms of emphysema?
i took some loratadine for allergies. but i think i may have a cold instead. is it ok to take nyquil and/or dayquil?
is there a reaction between smoking cannibis and taking vicoden?
my dog bit my nephew. my  year old nephew loves my new puppy so much he's keep holding my puppy on his hands all the time. yesterday my puppy bit him in the hand(i supposed puppy played with him) there is a little hole but we worry about rabies virus. do we need to have rabies shot for him(my nephew)? i had my puppy rabies shot a month ago at petco. . thank you very much!
is it normal to have a cough for  weeks after you have had a cold? . i had a cold  weeks ago and all the other symptoms have gone away except the cough it hasn't stopped at all it's even gotten worse every time i cough i cough up white sometimes green or yellow is it normal?
what is the treatment for a tooth growing out of the roof of a childs mouth?
i take prilosec  (otc) and have taken this daily for over  yrs straight?
"weight loss tips for obese adult. i am  ' . i have been sticking to a  calorie diet and exercising  time/week for  mins/day for a month. i have been gaining weight on the scale and can't see any change in my body. what are the best exercises for someone that is obese? do you have any suggestions on a good website that can provide me with a meal plan that i can alter as most meal plans have food i don't eat. is there any ""diet pills"" or medication that are safe and effective? am i exercising too little?"
can a doctor tell if i've had an abortion or been pregnant before. . i had an abortion  ago and will be seeing my doctor nextweek. please advice.
i was prescribed macrobid for a bladder infection. can i take it for a bad toothache?
does suncreen contain any type of chemical that would create more facial hair?
a year ago i heard what sounded like a rip in my right arm while lifting weights. is it too late for surgical repair? . that arm is considerably weaker and less developed than my left arm. also there is a mass of tissue.
if a pregnant woman delivers her baby before receiving her seasonal flu shot should she still receive it?
can mucinex be abused?
is there a connection between gum disease and heart disease?
i started having severe pain in my lower back and left side abdomen just under my bottom rib should my doctor do other tests?
is wearing cheap sunglasses better than no sunglasses if my child and i will be out in the sun for an extended period?
is it safe to eat blue cheese if you are alergic to penicillin. i am seriously alergic to penicillin. is blue cheese or chips and pretzels made with blue cheese as one of their ingredience something i should stay away from?
i have a horrible pain in my left side every time i orgasm?
should i be concerned that a women w/ hep b vaccine was exposed to hep a thru food service and had sex with her. a food service worker was diagnosed with hep a a woman ate there but has the hep b vaccine a male had sex with her should he be concerned?
i have been experiencing pain which never goes away?
steroid shot in neck  days ago - under heavy sedation with  sedatives now have inability to control body temp? . my wife had this shot three days ago - under deep sedation with three sedatives - one of which gave her hives previously. . beginning the day afterwards and continuing now she seems to have an inability to control her body temperature - swinging hot to cold and back again within minutes. exactly the same thing happened previously with two other steroid shots. she is  with fibromyalgia chronic bronchitis spondylosis osteoarthritis hypothyroid high cholesterol and high blood pressure.
are brand-name drugs superior in quality to their generic equivalents?
i have a bump that is on the lip of my vagina and it itches could that be a sign herpes?
what can i do to treat food allergies at home?
how to gain weight with ibs
would parkinson's disease and/or its medications cause someone to be crude and vulgar or to make sexual innuendoes?
what can i expect after heart surgery?
is there any treatment for hypospermia?
is it safe to take hydroco / and.  xanax? . i was in an auto accident and broke my ankle/foot wrist and had internal abdomonal injuries and was prescribed hydroco / for pain. i also suffer from anxiety and panic attacks and have been taking.  mg of alprazolam per day. are these two medications safe to take at the same time? i take  hydroco / tablet every - hours for pain and take.  alprazolam per day.
do i have multiple sclerosis ive been having a lot of pain in my legs and a lot of muscle spasms?
i had an allergic reaction while taking a shower i am not allergic to anything or any medication?
can autism some how cause genital herpes or cause you to have a false positive for it. i have high functioning autism and a little over a year ago i was diagnosed with genital herpes. i have not had an outbreak since then. i was wondering if there is any way that autism might cause shingles in that area and if so could i have been misdiagnosed with genital herpes. please give me as much information as possible
i was recently diagnosed with innapropriate sinus tachycardia worried heart rate will go too low?
pregnancy. what is the full meaning of pvc?
my current doctors are stating that as of now they aren't going to participate in the health insurance exchanges. how will i be able to continue to use the same doctors?
i am a vegetarian and my hair is falling out. what can i do to solve the problem?
i was diagnosed with chlamydia and now with pelvic inflammatory disease (pid)?
how can we treat our  month old who has nasal congestion that only seems to bother him at night?
i have medicare my wife and -year-old twins that live at home and take care of my wife and i need health insurance. is there a supplement i can get along with their insurance that will take up the slack in my medicare part b or should i try a supplement elsewhere?
i am scheduled this week to have a caudal injection. doctors office or surgery center?
i took sudafed over an hour ago. it doesn't appear to be working. what would happen if i took advil cold & sinus? . i have a cold and took sudafed over an hour ago which doesn't seem to be working. the package says that you're not suppose to take more than  within  hours. would it be okay if i took an advil cold & sinus in the next couple of hours if i still feel like i do now?
what to do with rash from football helmet. forehead swollen and painful to touch
what are the potential disadvantages of steroid injections?
my ears sometimes both or one or the other turn bright red and feel hot inside and out what does this mean what to do?
my left arm biceps started to twitch no solution?
after implantation is it more common to experience no symptoms than it is to experience any? . for instance my mother-in-law almost instantly knew she was pregnant because her breasts would plump up or she would experience other symptoms that indicated that she was pregnant. . i have been looking out for possible signs: implantation bleeding milky discharge tender breasts cramping etc. i don't think that i have experienced much of any of these that are outside of the norm for my body. if i was pregnant they would be ongoing right? not once or twice within the first two weeks.
my brother in law accidentlty poked his hand with a jack knife. it bled and now he has a lump where he got poked.
what is the treatment for osteoporosis?
what happens if u don't go see an on during your pregnancy. i'm due in march and haven't seen and on doctor since september
i donated plasma the other day my vein is now hard and hurts and im getting bad headaches?
i have healtcare thru my husbands work will i be able to shop for cheaper insurance thu obamacare? . my deductible is so large i end up paying for all my healthcare
how can i know if my cold/flu has become bacterial? so i can take a ampicillin? . i am aware that ampicillin does nothing if my cold/flu is a virus but i have been sick for a week now and although my body isn't sore/weak anymore i still cough up alot of mucus and coughing hurts my chest a bit and i have a sore throat also runny nose with alot of mucus as well.
how can i know if my children are brushing their teeth enough? how long should they brush?
i hurt my shoulder doctor put me on arm sling now doctor says fractured humuras?
is it normal to have stomach bug for  days so far and still counting? . my toddler had it on and off for  days. my husband has had it now for  days and still counting. he is still sick with it. he won't go to the doctor. he has taken zofram a couple days but it did not help.
what happens with emphysema and chronic bronchitis and colds?
i'm  years old and i am suffering from testicle shrinkage erecticle desynfunction and low energy is there a solution. i went to the doctor had my bloodwork and testerone was /dl the doctor i am worried for nothing and it's probably because i don't masturbate too often so i started masturbate daily no problem but lately i've noticed testicle have shrunken to the size of pea and they are very mushy i'm sweating at night even if its cold and poor erection low energy and depression. i also feel pinch like pain in the testicles. please tell me if there is any solution.
my daughter took her night and morning doses of lithium together by accident. what should i do?
is tens (e-stim) safe to use for prostate?
can fasting detox or cleanse your body?
who should receive the flu vaccine?
i still cant move my shoulder fully after surgery  months ago and the rotation is not full. how long should it take?
husband has  testical due to testicular cancer since we have had a daughter does that mean we can only have girls?
miscarriage at  weeks and symptoms after. i had my miscarriage last week wednesday/thursday when i was .  weeks. i started lactating on sunday. it's now wednesday and it's still going. i am wearing the tightest sports bras i own. does anyone have any insight on how long this will last for? the doctor just told me it would happen but nothing else. . also how long till my uterus fully contracts and my stomach goes back to what it used to be?
"would having a  baby would put me at high risk in future pregnancies? . i recently found out i am pregnant again. dd#'s birth weight was   dd#'s birth weight was exactly . i tested negative for diabetes my weight fluctuated a lot in my  trimester with my second pregnancy so my dr. tested me for diabetes a second time and it was still negative. so would having a ""big"" baby last pregnancy put me at risk for anything in this or any other future pregnancies?"
fatigue sometimes foggy memory lower back & headache pain occasional chest pain?
how does nuage skin cream work? . our skin care products incorporate such areas as nuage skin cream and acne issues can have an impact on individuals shallowness. our acne treatments facial cleansers and skin bleaching products reply to clients who request a high-end product for these skin problems. for more detail and nuage skin reviews visit at : <link>
how can you tell if you are pregnant if taking a depo procera shot. i have been taking depo prevera for  years and having unprotected sex. i have been having the symtoms of pregnany. but when i have taken a home test it is negative. i have never cried at the drop of a hat before unless i was pregnant. is it a side effect of the hormones or could i be pregnant?
having recurrent urinary tract infections (utis) this has been going on for the last  years?
"just as there is ""good"" cholesterol (hdl) and ""bad"" cholesterol (ldl) there are also ""good"" triglycerides. explain? . i recently was made aware of good triglycerides. so i did some research and found this paper online <link> can a medical professional or scientist please explain what triglyceride remnants means in layman terms. need clarification on t""he mechanisms by which ""bad"" triglycerides develop explain why elevated triglycerides and low hdl--and patients with the metabolic syndrome--warrant special attention"" why is this?"
why can't i sleep even when i take a sleep aid?
about my condition. i have bipolar disorder and ptsd. i am married and he became diabled due to injury at work and he only has insurance and a dr for himself. i on the other dont have insurance and cant afford cause i am not able. i also dont have a dr. so do you have any suggestions on home remedies. besides getting obama health care if not that ok i have done without i will keep it that way. i just would like to change but b/c i refuse obama crap then oh well my loss.
is a vegan diet healthy for my  year old son?
i have palpations and i get minor chest pains with it but i'm . is this serious?
i had sex and the next day i ovulate can i be pregnant
what does egfr indicate? is  something to worry about? . recently had a comprehensive metabolic blood panel. included creatinine .  which was indicated to be high. included egfr  which was indicated to be low. there is kidney disease in my family and i am wondering if these two tests are related and if they indicate a beginning of kidney disease. if so what should i do about it? can these values be changed via the diet? my age is . i also have high blood pressure. my bun was  and the bun/creatinine ratio is . thank you for your help.
when i fast walk i have excruciating pain from below my knee to my foot? why?
should i nap?
my son is  days in icu is it normal to cure infection for so long after suboccipital surgery?
what skin rashes and ulcers are related to rheumatoid arthritis?
what are some tips for getting pregnant faster?
is it ok to for me to breastfeed my baby if i am sick with the flu?
for depression would it be sorted out if i go for counseling?
for the last  weeks my right hand has been kind of tingly and numb grasping and gripping is almost next to impossible?
searing gnawing burning pain in low back and sacrum region/
how can i increase my own stem cells in my bone marrow? can i do anything with my diet exercise supplementation.?
i absolutely have to have something sweet after dinner. what sweets do you recommend so that i don't ruin my diet?
what do experts say about the eat right for your type diet?
i have acute bronchitis. i am  and have asthma. i don't have good health insurance. what is the best treatment?
my gp had me do a blood test and  months later at my next app i asked what were the results he told i was diabetic! . i have multpl ailments i'm wondering if this culd have implications to my hlth. i take prednisone have been for  years i have a lung disorder n nerothropy he never takes my blood presure never ask to see my feet never told me about seeing a dietitan he had me sign a paper for him to be my gp if i start complaining can he cut me off as one of his patients? gp's are not easily found. . i'm afraid of kidney failure or heart problems. so i'm wondering should i need to worry about hypoglycemia?
can a yeast infection cause trich?
how to pass ua shortly after drugs. meth
child was born with enlarged ventricles in her brain?
is it ok to take prenatal vitamins if you're not pregnant? . my husband and i noticed that after me having two kids my energy has'nt been the same so we're looking for vitamins that would help to restore my energy. we both think being that prenantal vitamins have different vitamins it would be the best way to go along with me excercising and yoga and not so good eating habits. would taking prenatal vitamins be ideal for women who are not pregnant?
are people without insurance required to purchase it? what if they don't?
is it ok to take a probiotic with antibiotics such as amoxicillan?
how can i prevent split ends in my hair?
vaginal dryness - i have soreness from having dry sex. it is burning and hurts. what can i put on it? t. it is red in my vaginal area from dryness during sex. it hurts alot now and i do not know what to put on it to treat it.
what type of home remedies can i use for boils? i shower twice a day and use an acne wash but still keep getting them.
regular period / sex / ovulation / or / brown bleeding/cramping / could i be pregnant period not due
im  pregnant and i went pee when i wiped there was blood on tissue that came from clit it hurts a lot. the blood is very bright red and when i try to go pee now its very painful and hurts.
what foods have the highest levels of pesticides?
how can exercise help manage type  diabetes?
i believe i contracted herpes from tanning machine at gym?
i have chronic back pain neurosurgeon wants to do another decompression surgery?
my regular gynecologist said that i have a  cyst on my ovary. now the pain is by belly button; it hurts like pulling. the pain radiates down to my right side. it hurts to stand pee bend over cough. ect. when the inner sonogram was done is showed a liquid substance which she thought was something to do with the cyst. pain was in my pelvic area and has now moved to my belly button. almost feels like something is ripping or streching. help please! should i go to the er?
my knee will occasionally catch at which time a minor adjustment with my hand kind of unlocks the knee?
was it ok to take my first pack of birth control pills before my period came instead of the sunday after it started?
i've had problems signing into the health insurance marketplace site and i have many questions. are there locations i can visit to meet with an expert to ask questions and sign up in person?
period is late  days no signs of pregnancy. what can it be? . i am  years and i have not gotten my period in  days. my last period was on aug  . i have taken a couple of pregnancy test and they have came out negative. i have felt no pregnancy signs i have felt cramps during the  days. im not sure what it can be. before this the last period i got was on june   i was  days i took a pregnancy test and it came out positive but when i went to the doctor it was negative then i got a normal period which was on aug . any one have any ideas?
is dairy milk a better source of protein than other kinds of milk such as almond or soy milk?
i have sharp pain under my lower left rib cage what is it?
i hurt my shoulder doctor put me on arm sling now doctor says fractured humuras?
i saw an article which said that consuming green smoothie every day may be devastating for your health is that true?
what is anemia related to cancer?
i suddenly have a constant buzzing noise in my left ear?
i started having pain and burning while urinating a week back?
would it be ok for someone that gets  injections once a month to take  supplements occasionally? . my father gets  injections once a month due to  deficiency. usually by week  his symptoms of fatigue memory loss and irritability are prevalent. would it hurt for him to possibly take a  supplement in that last week before his scheduled injection?
i suspect i have an stis (sexually transmitted infection) i have flesh-colored bump on the right side of my vulva near my vagina
can you contract hiv from fingering a girl who is? . i recently fingered a prostitute and she took it out bc she said she's afraid there are germs. hence my fear of her being hiv positive! after that i played with her clitoris and it was wet. . can i contract hiv that way? i did not see any broken skin on my fingers but could it still be possible? also after i touched her i may have touched other parts of her body in which my mouth may have touched too. can i contract hiv that way too? . lastly what happens if a condom breaks during oral sex?
how can a food layer which formed in my throat (eustachian tube) be removed? . yesterday i ate noodles (the gravy was made with milk salt pepprica origano ) and then i immediately slept. today morning there was a layer formed in my throat (i think in my eustachian tube) and whenever i try to remove it i choke. please give me a solution.
i am in the restaurant business should i work with mrsa
my uterus is retroverted and retroflexed my doctor doesnt want to refer me to a specialist?
what are some suggestions for moving on after a relationship ends?
constipation diarrhea bloating intense stomach pain?
what is causing me to have sharp pains where my liver is when i urinate have a bowel movement pass gas? . i've had these pains for about  days now. last week i noticed that every time i had drank  (low sodium) or natural fruit juice i would feel nauseated. i quit drinking juices and the nausea went away and the pains in my liver and kidney area started in. it doesn't hurt when i move stretch sit or stand- it only hurts when i go to the restroom or pass gas. my urine is clear now because of drinking a large amount of water. i've taken ibprofen for pain- but it doesn't work for long.
my wife is pregnant for  months now but she doesn't wanna have sex with me what should i do? cheat or wait? . she keeps making excuses and say im not in the mood of sex im tired and more. what should i do?
why does ginger root tea burn my throat
i cant fully turn head to left for about  years due to acute pain?
can i give my -year-old dimetapp cold and allergy as well as delsym for her cough?
what is hypertension?
my blood levels have ranged from - today it was . could i have diabetes? . my father is diabetic and he gave a tester so i could monitor it. about a month ago i noticed that i would feel weak shaky sweaty and like i was about to pass out. so i asked him if it could be a low blood sugar and he said it sounds like it. this was the first time since i've been monitoring it that i've felt like that so i checked it and my blood sugar was .
a year ago i found a large lump top of my right breast?
i'm a  old woman and wonder how often should i be visiting the doctor's? . i already see a gynecologist yearly and get regular mammograms just wonder if i should be seeing any other doctor's?
how can i push my depressed spouse into being more involved and helpful?
i have a seasonal job and can't find a regular job for a -year-old male. . my job ends december of this year. my concern is how to pay for health insurance by myself. i am single and trying to find a job.
what is transference and countertransference?
i have been admitted to hospital no diagnosis do you have any ideas?
how much compression of disk allowed before replacement needed? . l- /s- have lost / height of disk. mri shows: full compression left s- nerve root / compression through spinal cord pushing right and slight compression right s- nerve root. looking for information before surgeon appointment and not finding much info. just to have the knowledge before i go.
my husband had a minor heart attack three days ago. we have a vacation scheduled in a few weeks. is it safe to travel?
i haven't have a period for the last  months can i still get pregnant?
is moving to a warm dry climate like arizona good for arthritis
what should i take to stop the numerous cold symptoms that i've had at least 
can a male contact bacteria vaginosis from one woman and pass it on to another woman?
i am on chemotherapy and have a fever. my doctor said to go to the emergency room. what do i tell them when i arrive?
 and have a painless hard lump below my left knee that came  days ago. i have a ligament tear on that knee. what is it? . i have been exercising regularly mostly on the elliptical machine with weights and on the floor working my abs. the lump is hard but there is no pain either to touch or on my knee.
i am struggling with stretch marks my skin is horribly damaged?
is there an antidepressant and a migraine medication that is safe to take together?
blue cross guarantees health insurance rates for  months. is there a limit on how much the rate can be raised?
can the pneumococcal  vaccine  cause jock itch? . i recently got the pneumococcal  vaccination. the next day i had tinea cruris. i have a history of this and i am convinced that the cause was antibiotics. i had not had the condition for many months but the day after receiving the shot it flared up again. i understand that tinea cruris is a virus and that the pneumococcal  injection is bacterial but i cannot make any other connection with this flare up. . i see that one possible side effect is urticaria which i have also had.
i am an epileptic but i have been feeling especially dizzy lately?
could my girlfriend get pregnant if the small amount of semen i had on my hand made contact with the vulva? . me an my girlfriend were performing manual sex and as we are youngish we have decided this is all we would do she performed a handjob on me and i cummed and then about  minutes after i rubbed her clitorus and vulva with my hand which (from what i remember) contained a slight bit of semen do i have a risk of pregnancy? she was not on her period or in the stages of ovulation.
what is the influenza vaccine and who should receive it?
my hormone levels are low and i just found out that i am pregnant yesterday through blood and urine at the e. r
i feel people looking at me – it plays on my mind?
mild discomfort and then mild pain in belly button region when i press that region?
"can a pregnant woman with vitamin d difficiency take ""biodal"" given that her level is only ? . my wife is  and is .  months through pregnancy. her vitamin d level is only . a doctor recommended biodal (vitamin d   iu per pill) once per week for the next  months. should she go ahead with biodal and if not what is the vitamin d dose she should take to compensate for her deficiency while not making a risk to the fetus?"
ive been on adhd medication for several years now dont have any sexual drive/libido?
"can you get pregnant without having sex? . my liltte cousins swears up and down that she didnt not have sex they were just ""messing"" around. but yet she became pregnant and has now had the baby. but she is still insisting that she and the boyfriend did not phyiscal have intercourse. can you talk about this please so i can tell her she is not fooling anyone!"
is manipulation and trying to control someone else's life a part of bi polar? . my son's fiance is bipolar her mood swings are total caious. she constantly wants to argue she misinterpruts everything and she also hears things that haven't even been said. the worst part is she believes it to be true. my son will do anything for her. she cuts up his clothing and throws him out last week she made an sos call that she was going to hang herself. my son raced  on his bike as he was at a friends at the time to find her just fine and she threw him back out.
physical activity like running or riding my bike makes my body colder the longer i do it. also anxiety. started  months ago. sweating. coldness throughtout my whole body (mainly upper half) - the sweating makes me have to change shirts like  times a day and all of this would never go away and would eventually lead to anxiety attacks. taking clanazapam  -  a day. that stops the coldness for the most part and the sweating. then the anxiety doesn't happen. the doctors have run every test on me from heart to thyroid to hiv etc etc. i'm % a-ok
i wake up with muscles not cooperating with me. i really dont know what to do when this happens?
who am i pregnant by? guy  or guy . i have a question i am pregnant. my last menstrual period was june  . i had a one night stand thing on june   around : with a condom. however afterwards i felt really wet i am not sure if it was from me or from the individual. he assured me it was me and the lubrication on the condom. we even squished the condom to see if it was broken and nothing came out. i however was worried maybe it came out of the top? the liquid inside me smelled like nothing. . continued
should a oral surgeon remove impacted wisdom teeth if the patient has a sinus infection. what are the risks if they do it?
are there any vitamins or dietary supplements i can take to make my hair look healthier and grow stronger?
are there any medications to take to prevent hair pulling/trichotillomania? . trichotillomania . hair pulling . ocd . medication
how does nutrition impact energy level when you have cancer?
i think my father might need a pacemaker?
what is the time frame of meningitis symptoms after being injected with tainted steroid?
if oxycodone make u itich will hyrocodone do the same
what are the symptoms of migraine headaches?
i have mono and my kidneys are swolled and in so much pain. are they even my kidneys? . i am not sure if that body part that is hurting is my kidney but it hurts so bad to move or breath in. the pain is on both sides of my lower back above my hip bone but below my ribs. it is a sharp stabbing pain when i move and a throbbing burning when i am just sitting. i wanted to know if it was okay and related to mono or if i should be worried when was told that my spleen would be swollen and take it easy or it could burst then i would be in real trouble. i want to know it is? please
does the flu vaccine attribute to adhd? . does the flu vaccine attribute to alzheimers and being sick in general?
i have joint pain and muscle spasms since  now developed numbness in legs?
i have trouble breathing and i am coughing an awful lot also my arm becomes uncomfortably numb and its even worse when i go into a coughing fit?
can nasal polyps cause panic attacks? . i started having really bad panic attacks at the same time as really intense facial pressure and numbness that seem to be coming from nasal polyps i have in my left nostril. is there any relation?
i am in recovery from bulimia. will it ever be safe for me to diet. i am about  lbs. overweight after treatment.
causes of genital warts without sex? . i'm a male and i went into the doctor's to see about what i thought was acne around my genitals (just above my penis). he told me it was warts caused by hpv and despite me practicing safe sex a condom doesn't protect against it. but i've contacted my previous  sexual partners. in the years since we've been together they've all been tested for different reasons: pregnancy cancer abortion and regular physicals. . how else could i have gotten them?
why is my  week old baby vomiting alot in amount after eating. my  week old will go thru a vomiting stage. we will go about - days without it and then one day she will be on the breast eating and will vomit what seems like the whole feeding and plus some sometimes. my fiance seems to think that she is eating to fast on the breast and should feed her more bottles. i do not feel that is the reason behind this issue because it has happened with a bottle feeding before. just in the last  hours she has vomited  while on the breast.
can you get pregnant on the second day of your period having had unprotected sex
chance of std from protected anal sex. i had anonymous anal sex with a man and i am worried that i've caught something. my penis never touched anything besides his hand while unprotected. i penetrated him with a condom on after that and he didn't penetrate me. just wondering what kind of risk i've put myself in. seriously kicking myself.
what is the treatment for an ulcerative colitis flare-up once it begins?
what should men do daily for their skin?
is it safe to use glycerine suppositories on a daily basis? . looking for a solution to completely eliminate hard dried stools.
do my - and -year-old children really need to get the flu/ vaccines? my chiropractor strongly suggests against it.
i was admitted to icu in a hospital diagnosis: vbi bppv need second opinion?
do i have any risk in getting pregnant immediately after a miscarriage?
i have a very swollen elbow. it feels like a water baloon full of liquid. range of motion is uninhibited. pain now. . i have hiv/aids. seems. like a bursitus. i fell and landed on my elbow  mos. ago.
can i drink beer with a major tongue laceration i bit through it.
is there a difference between prenatal vitamins prescribed by my doctor and over-the-counter choices at the pharmacy?
sprained left ankle for a year and a half. ligament injury synovitis with effusion?
what happens to someone when they get osteoarthritis?
stiffness tightness and minor swelling on knee after exercising with no pain? . i was playing soccer yesterday and i was running around and shooting like you would and for some reason at one point my knee started feeling weird. there was no pop or anything. i went home and then the knee started to feel really stiff and tight i can't fully bend it since it feels like it's going to explode. extending the knee also feels weird. there was a bit of pain yesterday a few hours after but now i feel nothing. i've never had any knee problems and i'm . what could this be?
what can cause buring of the labia minora. i've been sleeping with my boyfriend of  and we always use protection. after the last time we did i noticed that afterward my labia minora had bit of a burning sensation. i also had the sensation when i urinated afterward. a few days went by and i was fine and then again today i had the sensation. i know it's not an std because we were both just checked and came back cleared. i'm just curious as to what could cause it all of a sudden it's not painful just a little uncomfortable.
bowel movements r fatty slimy and greasy and float. yuck sorry! blood wk for celiac disease negative. can you help
why do i get so tired after exercising? . i haven't gone out and done physical activity for about a month so i just went out for a nice and easy power walk for about  minutes. i come home and suddenly i just feel sluggish and exhausted. i don't starve myself. i eat when i'm hungry and when i need to eat. i get super tired and when i come home i just knock out. because i get so tired i don't like to exercise when i have school. it's been affecting my health and my body. i really want to exercise daily. help please <negative_smiley>
i have a  year old daughter who suffered some sort of seizure yesterday?
i am pregnant and have been told that sudafed is not safe for me to take now. any recommendations?
i havent been able to lift my arm above my shoulder had steroid injection and physio ibuprofen and anti inflammatories no effect?
paternity issue my blood goup is o n my wife is o too while our daug is b n she isnist she didnt cheat. is it possible
what are the symptoms of food allergies?
i keep having chest pains when its not in my chest its in my back my arms go numb back burns i get dizzy and i pass out?
veins are not visible for the blood test what to do? . my mom is  years old and in every few months she have a blood test. her veins are not much visible so the doctors have to pierce at many places. can anybody suggest what exercise she can do so the veins becomes more or easily be visible or is there any food which she can take before blood test. i don't want her to suffer the pain of piercing at different places. any help will be appreciated. thanks.
what is a normal platelet count?
can i continue my flat abs workout when planning for pregnancy? what kind of exercises i shld avoid? . i had an ectopic pregnancy on june .
can sinus infection cause swollen gums?
i need affordable dental care. how can i get decent care at an affordable price or on a sliding scale?
when driving i sometimes get the feeling of being unbalaced like i am going to fall over in wide open areas. why? . this mostly happens in wide open large landscape areas. what could be the cause.
is it safe to take xanax and adipex together?
why am i always hungry? . i am a  year old girl and i'm always hungry. i primarily eat healthy. no soda or chips. i eat - full meals a day. i eat oatmeal fruit veggies and meat. i drink over  glasses of water a day. i don't gain weight. i am ' and . i am physically active. why am i so hungry? what can i do to stay full longer?
i have gilberts syndrome the yellow tinge of my eyes due to this can be very distressing?
what is pneumonia?
why is my gf so sensitive that when i touch her anywhere she gets uncomfortable & loses any desire to get intimate? . when we get intimate my girlfriend sometimes loses all arousal because when i touch her it feels uncomfortable on her skin--she has also never had an orgasm. if we move too fast at first it hurts her (even with lubricant) but if i increase foreplay she loses arousal because touching her body anywhere makes it uncomfortable for her.
is it possible to fracture a rib from vomiting?
i have been getting these little red bumps over all of my body?
is it normal to skip a period when switching from a name brand to an off brand birth control. . i always had normal periods for four years on my previous birth control. i switched to this new birth control four weeks ago and i have not had my period this week at all. i remember accidentally skipping a day last week. could skipping one day mean i'm pregnant?
i have a question about what happened to my dad. he died on / from a gangrene infection. . he had colon cancer (stage iv)with a small tumor in the intestine (no blockage) and several metastases on his liver. he had been taking chemo with avastin. we took him to the hospital because he had shortness of breath turned out he had fluid in his lungs and abdomen. how did the gangrene occur? does the fluid block circulation? and why didn't the hospital notice a severe infection like that? how does a person who had no wounds get gangrene and why they would just let him languish?
small bump in groin area? lymph node fatty deposit cyst? please look. hi i have had a bump in my groin area just above where the upper thigh meets the groin for about  months. this bump is hard and about the size of a bb and has no color change cannot be seen only felt it is not painful at all and has not changed in size. one thing that may be helpful to know is that i can actually completely pinch this little bump in my skin fold and when i do that i can feel nothing behind it. any help would be greatly appreciated! thanks <positive_smiley>
i take zoloft. is it safe to take an over-the-counter cold medicine?
how can i stay safe in the cold?
pregnant one month after being off birth control? . i stopped taking birth control pills this month and had unprotected sex jan . my last period was around dec . my ovulation was said to be from the - ish of jan. could i be pregnant? has anyone gotten pregnant from this? what are the odds since i've only been off this month and had sex once(even though the sperm can survive for a few days). thanks
splotchy rashy penis after masturbation. when i masturbate i sometimes notice afterward that my pensi is really red and splotchjy and rashy. do you think it may be the lubricant i use? (i just use a cheap hand lotion. ).
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of depakote?
i have frequent urination at night. what causes that?
what other diseases have the same symtoms as als?
what is the usual progression of chronic infection with the hepatitis c virus?
how is everyone supposed to sign up for health insurance when the website is constantly down? . i am also concerned that my private information about my health and banking is going to be breached. and where is the free coverage? it's not even affordable!
i got a mri of the brain and cervical spine there is a .  cm left maxillary sinus cyst is it a concern?
what are pneumonia symptoms and signs?
i have a sore throat and i have white stuff on the back of my throat but not on my tonsils(i don't have any). strep?
did obgyn diliberately deform my body? i had a c-section dec  . afterwards the area above my vagina was enormous. . after a week or so it came down a bit but ever since i have had fat/loose skin that hangs above my vulva and it looks hideous i dont think ill ever feel good about my body again unless i get a tummy tuck/liposuction whatever it would take to make it go back to normal. does this happen to women often? because i cant find anything online. oh and by the way said doctors office is full of laser lipo surgery posters and pamphlets. is there anything i can do to look half way normal again? im only .
i was told i had a kidney infection i still have the pain but ultrasound says no infection?
i am seven weeks pregnant. is it okay for me to go water skiing? i do know how to water ski if that matters.
i have a .  mm stone in lower ureter will it pass its own? my doc told i can wait  more days then surgery. on  feb morning i got the sever pain in lower back then visited emergency services. got to know after ncct kub done that i have .  mm stone in upper ureter. mu urologist gave me alfusin (alpha  blocker). after  days ultrasound done and stone was located at the entrance of bladder but now the size suggested in .  mm (radiologist told it happens there may be mismatch in size than ncct and ultrasound). . left kidney swelling reduced. i m having lemon+olive oil. is stone stuck there?
i have varicoceles a low sperm count reluctant to get in a relationship with this problem?
suffering from nocturnal emissionon homeopathy medication
what is pneumonia?
my leg has had spasms for some time now i had total body spasm?
i'm finding that the health insurance plans being offered at present are anything but affordable. . deductibles are in excess of $  and monthly premiums are in excess of $. are there any affordable plans anywhere?
the first day of my last period was /<negative_smiley> and today is // no period. when can i take a pregnancy test? . am i pregnant?
i have knocked knees – no fix – or do i need surgery?
a  old with a arm temp of .  & doesn't want to play which is not normal for him. . he has been drinking fluids alittle. but he has been sleeping alot. i also had given him tylenol at :. but doesn't seem to be helping. should i be alittle worried cause it definitely not like him to not be playing or sleeping alot?
i have a lump at the bottom of my spine?
how likely is it to get pregnant from getting fingered from pre ejaculative fluid? . how likely is it to get pregnant from getting fingered when the guy might have adjusted at some point and gotten little to none pre-ejaculation on his finger? (he hasn't ejaculated in a long time). i learned my lesson and will stay stay abstinent. we have both decided on this.
sore testicle with no apparent reason? . for about  days not the my left testicle has had a sort of dull ache as if i got hit there earlier. i don't believe i was hit by anything – nothing in particular happened i more just slowly became aware of the soreness. i am a -year-old male in fairly good health. i have no history of testicular cancer in my family or any testicular maladies of any sort. should i be concerned? should i wait a couple more days and see if it fades away or is do i need to get this checked out as soon as possible?
my  month old has hives i am breastfeeding him what could this be caused from
abortion benefits
is there a downside to oral erection drugs?
is the smell of unsmoked marijuana harmful? . is the smell of unsmoked marijuana harmful to the brain? my cousin opened a bag of marijuana in my house and now it smells in my house he didn't smoke he just opened it for a few minutes and closed it. . i now have to the windows open airing out the smell. . is this harmful? ( i don't smoke and never will )
would i know if i swallowed a construction nail? . i had two nails in my mouth as i was hanging something one nail is in the wall and i cant find the other nor do i remember putting it down. so would i know if i swallowed it?
adult acne problems
im extremely exhausted i have bone pain in my legs. fast heart beat?
my blood test showed low level of ferritin and little bit high colestral. what types of foods can i eat?
can you drink alcohol if you have an acute kidney injury?
can a  year old and  month old have mood swings getting off antibiotics
could i be pregnant? help! . ok so  days before my period i had spotting. only when i wiped. was very light pink. now its one from when i was suppost to start my period. ive been having nausea lower back pain whiteish yellowish discharge craving weird things like ramen noodles which i hate. my eating is alot different i dont want to eat alot but when i do its weird things
can my girlfriend be pregnant if we are both virgins? (no morning sickness and no symptoms). about  days ago me and my girlfriend got a little steamy. we didn't have sex we are both virgins still. but i had some precum on my shorts from the arousing part. we both had pants on and underwear on but i am afraid that i might have touched the precum stain and fingered her right after. i masturbated that day and then peed twice before we did everything. would my precum stain have any semen on it and make her pregnant. do i have anything to worry about or should i stop panicking and relax?
chances of being pregnant after having unprotected sex within the - week of being on the depo shot? . i first started getting the depo shot august of last year. i received a shot on september . within the  and  week on that shot i had unprotected sex multiple times. then i received the shot on november . recently i have been very tired all of the time. i've been sleeping half of my day awake. yesterday i woke up with a sharp pain in my lower abdomen that went away after a few minutes but felt severe. i know there have been many women pregnant on the depo before.
is there a vaccine against tuberculosis?
i had ovarian cancer and reflux surgery i still deal with constant nausea. i can barely eat and i am unable to live life and go anywhere?
i am having frequent pvcs and yet my doctor says not to worry?
can you release air from your bloated belly out your vagina and buthole?
how soon i see if hormon therapy change me from male to female
i suffer in page in front of vagina painkillers dont ease the pain?
will hydrogen peroxide hurt inner ear? . my ear has been hurting for weeks now and i have been to my ent doctor but he does not know why it is hurting so bad. i had someone tell me to put several drops of hydrogen peroxide in my ear but i was concerned and wanted a professional oppinion. i am getting to the point i will try anything but i do not want to cause any damage to my hearing. my doctor did say it was not infected and not tmj. i have not ran a fever. it does throb and hurts deep.
when you have total hyterectomy with only your overies being left in should you still have severe cramping
i had my son a year ago and still have loose skin on my belly from my pregnancy. how can i tighten up the extra skin?
if  year old child has fever over  f and tachypnea and tachycardia should he go to er?
i have had a back problem for about  months now. i injured it by falling off a horse?
aside from the obvious how do you know you're coming down with travelers' diarrhea?
when is it too early to get your baby on a routine? our baby is  weeks old and i am going back to work in  weeks.
what is the cause of spotting periods? . had my period after i pill but my current period is showing(-) spotting what can be the cause is i m pregnent?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of vitamin d?
ive had nasal polyps had them surgically removed now painful what can i do?
montelukast sodium  mg tablet can be given to .  year child to treat eczema or frequent allergic child? . my son has got rashes over the body. normally it appears when there is fever around  f. every month or two he gets these rashes. initially they were limited to chest and back but in subsequent fever it appeared again over body specially on chest back arms and joints. doctor has diagnosed and there is a possibility of eczema or allergic. initially cetirizine hydrochloride .  two times a day was given for a more than week. now montelukast sodium  mg one tablet a day is advised. .
can you get strep more than once a year? . i had strep throat in september and i'm afraid i might be getting it again already. is that possible?
can flagyl be used to treat kidney infections
is it ok to take over-the-counter sleep aids such as tylenol pm motrin pm and advil pm for migraines? . do some of these medications contain acetaminophen? can these medications cause long-term side effects?
could i be pregnant? . my boyfriend and i were messing around. i was already on the last  days of my period. we did move to dry humping and there was preejaculation. after that i asked him if he had ejaculated an he said he didn't and wouldnt without a condom on. precum could have gotten inside but he didnt really know. i wasn't worried about it until the next couple of days we had sex that day but used a condom didntejaculate. i'm still not sure if any preejaculation could have gotten inside of me eather times.
are you contagious after a fever breaks?
my little brother is throwing up after he said he ate a chicken nugget that was red inside what could it be? . my little brother said at school he ate a chicken nugget that was red inside. he started throwing up about  hours after his lunch. he has no diarrhea only vomiting his temperature is fine and he has no pains. he said his stomach only hurt when he was about to throw up. im not sure if to take him to the er or give him some medicine and ride it out?
"i'm unemployed and i receive unemployment benefits. . i was declined county assistance because they said my ""income"" is too high to receive help. i have been having to pay almost $ in out-of-pocket costs for my medications. what can i do?"
i hurt my lower back now i am hunched over and it seems that my ab muscles have changed?
i have full body burning vibrating tingling numbness all over?
i used to have bad cramps before and during my periods. this time there was no cramp and only  days heavy bleeding. why? . i am trying to conveive and i was expecting my period on  october. i started having brown spotting (very light) and then  days heavy flow and now nothing at all. and i didn't have any kind of pain through out the cycle. was i pregnant? what can be the reason of sudden shift in normal period?
how long does  puffs of marijuana last in system for one time smoker. the day that i had smoked  puffs was on july . then the day that i got offered a good job was august  that same day i had to go take a drug test (urine drug test). iam a thin male weighting only  pound and i have a fast metabolism i don't gain any weight. i have played allot of soccer from july to august  so i do exercise
do i need to exercise to benefit from vitamin c
does quiting smoking-improve-semen-motility-and-morphality-levels-or-just-prevent-any-further-deterioration
"how does the brain know"" a situation needs a ""flight"" response? can false signals raise blood pressure and blood sugar?"
i am a perimenopausal woman and i have started noticing that my hair is thinning. what can i do to fix this?
i am dieting but i feel very sluggish at times during the day is this normal?
what is the difference between inflammation and edema?
is an mri recommended if the pain from my pulled forearm muscle is gone but the area is still enlarged?
my son has recently developed droopy eyelids and occassional slurred speech. i am concerned. what may be the problem? . he is age . a psychiatrist has prescribed adderall and zoloft along with ambien over the past months. his only official diagnosis is the hyperactive type of adhd. i am very concerned about a possible drug interaction or brain tumor.
i have a dark spot between the tongue and gums that has gotten larger. is is possible a sign of cancer?
do you have any advice on how i can avoid splotches and keep my freckle face healthy?
can you get clamydia from having uncleaned toys or toys that have not been cleaned properly?
what causes nausea or vomiting?
"can you get bleeding heavier than spotting when pregnant around the time of your supposed period? . i know spotting can sometimes happen during implantation which usually occurs around the same time as the expected period but can that bleeding be heavier than just spotting and still be a viable pregnancy? i had last month's ""period"" lasting  days light flow but more than just spotting after having unprotected intercourse. this month's period is now  days late. also due to personal circumstances i used an ovulation kit during this current month which only returned negative results."
what can cause anemia and enlarge neck lymph node in  yr old woman?
how will adolescence affect my teenager who has epilepsy?
if the cancer tumor is felt by hand in lower abdomen what stage of cancer is it. my father's colon cancer in a third world country was not noticed until he could feel the bump of the tumor by hand. doctors surgically removed the tumor but did not test it in lab. they thought it was appendecitus. a year later he felt the growth of cancer and this was the time that the doctors first knew it was colon cancer. how advanced has it been during the first surgury and how much could it have spread?
"please read and reply asap (my mom is vomiting after meal everyday). she says the taste is very bitter additional hot. sometimes my mom collaspe suddenly saying her leg stop for a sec. vomit after small meal ( she doesn't eat solid food she eat congee). muscle triedness ex. arm and leg. we went to the doctor and he reply ""hmmm that wried"". she is currenly taking metoclopramide  table. last year she went to a hospital(not emergency) due to bitter taste saliva. she is  year old had  children  year ago. email khaiisback@aol. com"
what should i do if my child shows signs of lactose intolerance?
can strep bacteria spread throughout the mouth causing sore and inflammed gums and ulcers on the lips?
facial pain tingling numbness along with ear pain and fatgue brain mri found several lesions?
i'm . i have a complete ring around the penis just below the glans that has lost spongy tissue. penis is bent. normal? . this has happened within the last year. the missing tissue is about the width of a finger. penis has shrunk. all normal or damage?
my husband found a dark lumpy patch on the interior of my buttocks. it doesn't itch or burn. what could this be? . the area doesn't have any noticeable discoloration or raised skin in the surrounding area. it's localized and appears to be greyish black in color - looks a little fuzzy but my husband said there's no hair. i wouldn't even know it's there unless he told me but it concerns me as it wasn't there before.
i have moles on my face and i would love to have them removed will they leave scars?
can you get a parasite from having your knife touch uncooked bacon and then touching your food? . i accidentally used the same knife to open a bacon package and separate a slice of bacon and then used the same knife to slice open an avocado? can you get a parasite from this and should my husband and i see a doctor to get some sort of antibiotic?
why would somoene experience pain on the left side of their chest? . i experience pain on the left side of my chest when under stress sometimes after eating food and sometimes after exercise. it is not consistent but comes and goes.
i have extreme inner ear pain no solution from my doctors need help?
how can i manage pregnancy stretch marks?
can you develop lupus during menopause?
what type of specialist should see to treat an inguina hernia?
what is the best medicine to use against chigger bites?
my roots are completely exposed top & bottom and my teeth/fillings have been breaking. when do u just get dentures? . i have a family history of gum disease/gingivitis. my family had to get dentures early in life bc of our hx. i need dental work (route canal and a bridge) but what is point of doing those if the inevitable outcome is dentures. my smile was my best asset! i worry about this way too much! also recently old fillings have been falling out and my teeth have been breaking. thank you for your time and attention. you are appreciated! thank you so much!
what is a pineal cyst?
what happens to someone when they get hyperthyroidism?
what are advantages/disadvatages in taking med marijuana. i have chronic daily headaches (chronic headache syndrome) ptsd anxiety/frequent anxiety attacks which lead to twitching and convulsions depression migraines convulsions and more. i have been taking zoloft for my depression and i have  different therapists/psychologists/psychotherapists which i all frequently see. i don't like taking mainstream medications because i don't like putting harmful chemicals in my body and i don't like the way they make me feel sometimes.
i've seen all my doctors within the last few days and blood work all ok. still feel unwell. what could be the problem. blood sugar a little high i am diabetic had gyn exam and mammogram and ultra sound cancer doctor check up ekg defib check up on device implanted all was ok. i have depression anxiety saddness worry about everything i am overweight.
is halitosis related to any digestive disorder?
can my headaches which are always in the same location & can be very painful be caused by a pinched sciatic nerve
"can you have hyperglycemia without being a diabetic? . my husband just had his physical and they administered blood tests after an -hour fasting. after seeing elevated blood sugar levels his doctor administered more extensive tests to check for diabetes. his mother and his brother were/are diabetic. his lab review stated the following ""the glycohemoglobin was .  which indicates hyperglycemia but is not indicative of diabetes. "" then there were suggestions of watching his diet losing weight (which he has lost about  lbs. in the last  years)"
ive been having this right side pain for some time now my stomach is hurting as well?
what's the most commonly used steroid for psoriatic arthritis treatment?
how can human immunodeficiency virus hiv infection be prevented?
i have a fear of the dentist. what do you suggest i do to calm my anxiety?
"what's the difference between health insurance plans offered on the exchanges and ""private"" plans off of the exchanges? . are the ""off exchange"" plans now required to cover all of the same ""essential benefits"" as those under the aca?"
how should the fever of roseola be treated?
i am  weigh  ' problems that prevent me from exercise. on  hp meds/still around /. what can i do?
hej. my man get locked up a month befor our engagement and at the same day that he get locked up i find out that i was pregnant. honestly at this moment i dont know what to do. am  pregnant now and i still dont know when hes gonna come out cuz hes in costudy. i wish i could share this wif my family but the thing is my family are religion and they dont eccept i realy dont know what to do. i got no jobb i still live with my mom n i just start the school but i dnt have the opportunity to finish it. . what can i do in a situation like this'?
my  month old child's nanny has shingles. what precautions should we take? my child is not vaccinated for chicken pox.
how do i buy insurance through the marketplace? when do i need to do it?
what are the symptoms of walking pneumonia?
i can't shake complete unhappiness with living and myself. should i talk to my doctor? i don't want to take medicine.
was on paxil for  weeks but switched  zoloft. been on for  days does it take  weeks again feel effects from switching
left shoulder pain gas? . last night during a meeting i started experiencing extreme left shoulder pain. had to be a  on the pain scale. i felt nauseous. it actually felt like my shoulder was going to blow up. i realize left shoulder pain can be a sign of cardiac conditions (i'm female) but it felt more like gas then anything. i'm wondering if anyone else feels gas pains in their shoulder instead of their stomach.
i had juvéderm put in my lips can it be taken out?
what are some of the benefits of exercise for those with fibromyalgia?
why would my kidney hurt? . my kidney started hurting off and on a week ago. i would notice it mostly in mornings when i got out of bed (i would have to be gentle as my kidney would hurt really bad and almost make it so that i couldn't move the left leg/lower body) and then again at night. it started with an off and on pain; however over the past couple of days it doesn't seem to be going away. . . . haven't changed my diet. take vyvanse for adhd - never had this cause pains. lack of sleep becuase of  month old.
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of enpresse?
help! i been having pain on the tip of my penis like sharp needle burning while peeing and frequency need to pee. i just got into masterbating and i think i have over did it. i just got it today a sharp needle pain on the tip of my penis. also i had trouble sleeping last night because i had a frequency urge to pee. now it burns while i pee and hard for urine to stream out. i'm freaking out right now and i don't know if i should wait a couple of days to go see a doctor or if i'm just exaggerating on this case to much. if i can get a quick response back i would be very greatful. thank you.
what could the purple area on my labia be?
"what are these bumps all over my vagina? . so i had a small bump on the lower part of my vagina for a while so i went to the doctor and she said it looks like i just need to exfoliate it a lot (&no stds). so i scrubbed really hard and before i knew it i had about  small bumps all over! they aren't big don't hurt are nude colored. i went back in and she said ""well i don't know what it is but i can just burn it off"" so she ""burned"" maybe  of them and now it's a few days later and they all look the exact same. what could these be?"
i have a swore lump on my penis shaft what is it and can it be removed? if it can be removed how? . i have a small lump on the shaft of my penis which is about the size of a pea. the lump is white and swore and the area around the lump is red or bright pink. the lump has been around for a few years now however it has recently became larger and very swore. i haven't had sex whilst this lump has been present. i want to know what the lump is if it can be removed how it can be removed and is it possible to remove it at my own home?
"i work  hrs/wk. can my employer still prorate my contribution to benefits? should i be paying more than  employee? . i'm an rn. we've always had insurance but because i work   shifts every  weeks instead of  i've been considered part-time and have had to pay a higher percentage toward my health insurance. since aca considers  hr ""full time"" do i still have to pay more for the same insurance benefits - or is my employer off the hook since they simply ""offer"" me a plan?"
ct scan shows issue with prostate?
i have thick yellow discharge it does not have an odor and i do not have any other symptoms. what could it be? . there is no odor i do not experience any burning itching bleeding pain during intercourse i have not been sick as in stomach pain or fever. i would like to know what it could be.
my period got off and the next day i had sex with my boy friend will i get pergnant? if yes is der any medicine to abort. i used to travell  hours per day
i get my insurance through work but it's still expensive. can i reject my employer insurance and use the marketplaces?
my children have got measles?
is it possible for a therapeutic overdose of synthroid to cause weightloss? . i have been on synthroid/levothyroxine for years. over the past year i lost (on purpose)  pounds. now i cannot maintain my weight. i have increased my calories by half and still am losing weight. could this be because my synthroid dose is no longer appropriate for my weight?
why does my child have a hard time adjusting to bedtime hours for school?
what are the effects of drinking alcohol with a yeast infection? can it interact with the over-the-counter treatment? . have a mild yeast infection only symptom is itching.
how long does it typically take a women to get pregnant between the age of  - ?
if a child is peanut-allergic can he have other nuts?
can a person who had syphilis  years ago and was treated successfully show positive in a routine cbc?
when it hurts to swallow does that possibly mean its an ear infection
how long after having my copper iud removed should i wait before trying to get pregnant? my cycle is due to start soon.
"i have had this reoccurring ""cyst"" but i'm not really sure if it's a cyst. what is this and should i be worried? . it's been coming and going for years but i don't know why. i am overweight so i thought perhaps it was the skin rubbing and creating it but it's always on the left side of my underbelly and its random when it happens. it's usually filled with some puss and blood and takes a couple of days to close and go away. i clean myself daily and dry myself properly so it can't be that the area is infected. i just don't know why this cyst or whatever this bubble pocket thing is. i need answers."
should you smack or forcefully put a finger in someones chest to wake the up from fainting . my  year old grand daughter passed out on my son-in-law and i got in an argument over this. he said this is what paramedics did to him i believe this is to judge the level of consciousness not to wake some one up who has fainted. doing this could actually cause more damage than good. i used a cold compress and supported her until she came around which was just like a couple of minutes. am i on the right track?
what is the difference between percocet - and -?
what benefits can exercise offer during pregnancy?
ive overcome everyday irrational fears after ptsd but am scared to sleep. my doc recommends elavil. is it a good idea? . i work night shifts and have taken ativan.
what can i expect during week  of my pregnancy?
what is the role of ob-gyns in informing women about pregnancy complications raising their heart disease risk?
my hip has been locking up and giving out occasionally?
why is my  year old fainting when he runs? . he gets heaviness in his ears and can't hear anything right before fainting.
for the past months i am experiencing pain on my upper abdomen?
i had an arm implant inserted condom broke pharmacy reassured us that i wouldnt be pregnant?
is bledding after a transvaginal ultrasound normal?
what brand has the best supplement for growth hormone for height?
i am  weeks pregnant and i think i have a severe kidney infection?
questionaire asks: how much income? does this pertain to the individual wanting insurance or is this for the household
took apple cider vinegar to relieve cold and flu now nose is bleeding?
what are your top ten parenting tips?
i broke my pinky fingernail down to the skin and have been feeling a tingling/slight numbness. did i hit a nerve?
is there a known reaction from mixing skelaxin  mg geodon  mg and unisom?
i have muscle stiffness on my neck my facial muscles and (temporomandibular joint disorders) tmj?
my daughter is bloated nauseous has sharp pains in her lower abdomen and hasnt had a period for  months
i have the antibiotic called minocycline  mg. would it hurt me to take it? i have a bad cold.
if someone gets hit with a dart and starts to bleed and i get hit with the same dart and i bleed can i contract an std?
does penicillin g pot in dextrose interact with any other medications?
my  month old has diarrhea and i don't know what i should do. is it okay to give him pedialite?
what can you expect if you use lamictal to treat bipolar disorder?
how to treat premature ejaculation through ayurveda?
over the past  months i feel like doing nothing no energy no drive i also feel down?
my mother in law is bedridden shaking incontinent and virtually sleeps all day no one seems to care?
the two ferrous gluconate tablets i take daily upset my stomach. is there an alternative to get my iron?
my mother had a severe pain in her lower back cant walk far sleeping all the time spacey urination problems?
what are the benefits of kettlebell training?
can sperm go through clothes? . i was on top of my bf and i were dry humping but he ejaculated. he was wearing boxers basketball shorts and i was in underwear (a thong). some of the semen got on my thong from seeping through his  layers so my first question would be: can sperm go through his clothes and make me pregnant? if not then you probably don't have to worry about my second question. my second question is: if a little semen after going through his  layers got on the outside of my vagina will i get pregnant?
how can i encourage my family to eat fruit?
"what is rheumatoid arthritis and how is it different from ""old age"" arthritis?"
if my webmd calender said i had an expected period today the // and did not come could it mean am pregnant?
i'm depressed because my husband can't ejac. during sex but can with mast. he says its normal and my problem true or no. husband can ejaculate from masturbating but not from sex unless it lasts two hours which then hurts me it has caused me mejor psychological stress since weve been together and he just has the attitude that its my problem that i even have a problem and is unwilling to even try to stop masturbating or watching porn. he told me today that im being emotional and acting like a little girl and its not a problem with him at all because he is normal. am i being too emotional? or is he the one w the prob
i have white spots below my tonsils could it be cancer. they look like white little craters. there's like six or seven to each side i've chewed tobacco for almost a year lightly and by lightning mean  to  lips a day
how long do i need to be on kapidex for it to start working? do i need to take it before i eat?
rectal area pain when # is low and ready to evacuate. once evacuated no pain except for minor pain when sitting. serious pain in my lower abdomen when i had to (holding) go # or #. pain just when holding. now it has decreased to just pain when holding #. no fever or other symptoms. no blood in stool i can see pain sometimes radiates into left testical when holding stool before evacuating. i can't relate it to foods but i can say on vacation i did eat a lot of junk i normally do not eat with the kids. it is now  months later and i am still dealing with rectal/lower abdomen pain issue only when holding #.
if a man gets hpv from a woman will he have erectile dysfunction? . i
are makeup-removal wipes safe?
i was born with bladder extrophy how to reduce kidney pain and get better?
are vaccines ready for the upcoming flu season?
i have fatigue from being on several medications?
ear cleaning gone wrong. doc pushed wax on ear drum. now in severe pain (/ on scale). what can i do? please advise. saw ent for follow up on sleep study. while at appointment mentioned left ear sometimes gets clogged. the doc decided to clean some wax out of my ear. pain was too severe to continue. unable to drive home went back into office and he tried again. i could not proceed due to severe pain. he apologized profusely prescribed hydrocodone and drops. and offered or to remove. i can't afford or and don't feel this is something i should have to pay to remediate as it was his mistake. i am in severe pain.
what are the causes of vitamin  deficiency in a non-vegetarian?
can powder with cornstarch like gold bond baby powder help with a  year olds heat rash under her arms? . my granddaughter has a rash under the arms that looks like a heat rash. can powder like gold bond baby powder with cornstarch help? she is  years old. thankyou
should i take my daughter to the doctor she has earachewax coming out and sore trout.
i want to get a checkup for the first time i haven't seen a doctor since i was born. i am a  year old college student who is in good health. i've dealt with any health problems that i have had using remedies my parents have taught me or that i have read about on the internet. i think it unwise to go any longer without at least getting checked for cancer. i want to get as comprehensive a check-up as possible but i am not sure how to go about it - where to go how much it will cost and i have no idea what to ask for.
pain in right leg consulted neurosurgeon. mri was done. medical treatment is being given but no significant improvement?
connection between double ear infection & red bumps on back of tongue?
what medications should i avoid when i have heart failure?
what is the minimum income in il to not qualify for medicaid and to qualify for subsidies? . i'm concerned about getting caught in the 'gap' due to net worth.
i began to have pain in my left hip across my stomach and in my left groin?
we had our son  days ago.  days after delivery we started having sex again could i become pregnant? . our ob said that we needed to start using birth control after  days but the web has conflicting advice. i am breastfeeding him.
can smoking trigger asthma?
a year ago i found a large lump top of my right breast?
we have been trying to have a baby for over  years now and nothing is happening?
can someone with high blood pressure take excedrin migraine?
had sex a week later instead of my normal period had alittle blood when wiped. now im sick to stomach and nipples itch. could i be pregnant?
can i give my  year old that weighs  pounds -  ibuprofen? it's for fever.
my ankle and foot are swollen will it or meds affect my lumbar surgery next month?
which foods should i eat to prevent osteoporosis?
i ate a whole pack of gum what will happen? . i just ate a six pack of huba buba gum on a bet and was wondering if anything would happen to me.
my brother has a blockage in his esophagus which now makes him unable to swallow any thing?
my blood sugar is  what do i do. i just checked my blood sugar and its  what can i do
is my cat pregnant or just fat? . my cat used to be nice and brave but now she is scared and mean. . if you guys have any answers please help! . . . thank you . caytilyn rose mattox
what is the best product to use for age spots?
will my blood tests be effected by masterbation? . i am having some blood work done tomorrow and i am worried the results will be effected from masturbation. the blood work is done for urea creatinine glucose cholesterol and triglycerides. thanks
what is a common cold?
why is the skin on my arms wrinkly and loose? don't i not drink enough water? i am  years old. i don't drink water at all except for taking my pills in the morning and night time.
i had important surgery to remove appendix may have intestinal adhesion problem need second opinion before surgery?
i have an overactive bladder need advice?
is a .  degree temperature normal?
what are neutrophils?
my knee will occasionally catch at which time a minor adjustment with my hand kind of unlocks the knee?
i may developed keloid or hypertrophic scar which do i have?
how can i boost my metabolism?
will flagyl take care of humans who have been exposed to toxoplasmosis
does medicare cover campral
if i've had walking pneumonia can i get it again?
i started eggs & wheat to my  months old infant  months ago he had no allergy should i withhold them until he ? . i wonder if repeated exposures may develop allergy later on.
i have or think i have shingles when should i contact my doctor?
my mom has kidney failure diabetes sarcoidosis heart failure she now has these big knots why?
i fainted hit my head vomited black now feel numbness?
what is a food allergy?
is vaginal bleeding for two months straight normal?
i had sex saturday night at  the condom broke and i took the after pill monday. . this morning i woke up with green near my belly button. apprently this is a sign of pregnancy but it washed off in the shower. should i be worried about being pregnant?
i am an epileptic but i have been feeling especially dizzy lately?
can being on antibiotics cause pap smear to read abnormal. in january this year i had pnuemonia and was no doxycycline week after i had a pa that was abnormal any link?
how do people get common skin warts?
is it unusual for a spouse to lose interest in all sex after not having sex for at least  years? i'm  years old.
i kissed my girlfriend when she had a cold for about  week and a half i have never had a cold sore will iget them now. have i contracted herpes even though i haven't had symptoms for about  months
my daughter fractured her toe  / weeks ago. when is is ok to go swimming. we have it buddy taped and she is resting.
ive been having constant headache for about  days now?
what is spinal stenosis lumbar region?
can tea tree oil help with wrinkles and lines on the face?
what is conventional medicine for a hernia?
is alternative medicine used to treat high blood pressure?
okay so me and my bf had sex three days before i ovulate and then the next day. could i get preg? when do i test? . i want to be pregnant. but i dont want to get my hopes up too soon. i ovulate on the sixth of march and weve had sex alot during my fertile days which are two days before ovulation. how long does sperm live to fertilize the egg when it is released? what are the chances the sperm will still be alive when the egg is released?
surgeon said he had to take cartilage out from my jaw?
hi i am a  year old female with  young children i was diagnose with coeliec dieases  years ago. i have had for the past week dark blood in my stools and a swollen armpit. do you think this has something to do with the coeleic dieases also i havent stuck to the glutun free diet in over a year plz
i have not been well for some time now no one can give me an answer?
i weigh  pounds and i want to lose  pounds. what is the fastest yet halthiest way i can achieve this? . i can barely go to the gym because of my hectic schedule and when i do its only for about  minutes because that is seriously all i can afford. people have suggested this thing called the  day diet but i think after that i will just gain it all back. people have also suggest a no carb no sugar diet but i really have no idea what that consists of. before i went to college i weighed  pounds i want to meet somewhere in the middle and be  which is a normal weight for being '. . please help
what is your opinion of dermal fillers?
my finger tips and thumb tips will crack and bleed get very sore wear rubber gloves with all cleaning and apply lotion. this has been going on for about a year i have tried all i know my fingers are very sore and bleed constantly. i try to protect my hands as much as possible. i need help with this
i have been taking tylenol cold and flu severe and sudafed together. is it safe to start taking a z-pack?
why do i have genital warts on my penis after  years since treatment?
what surgery options do i have for genital warts human papillomavirus?
is there a birthcontrol pill that premotes weight loss
what is requip for parkinson's disease?
my doctor said i cant marry someone with my same blood type after i took a blood test why is this?
i am possibly pregnant and recently began to urinate blood but it's more pink also hurts severely! help? !
what is clomid for infertility?
how do i tell the difference between my eczema and poison oak/ivey? they look so much alike! . at first i thought i had poison oak on my feet. then the inside of my elbows became rash-like. it's been a month already and i still have a rash on my feet now my stomach around my groin and really bad on my elbows and even a few spots on the palm of my hand. i can't tell if i have poison oak or if i'm having a really bad eczema flare-up. if it's poison oak i need to put something on it to dry it up. if it's eczema then i need to put something on it moisturize it. i'm so confused!
my sister is in her 's she can't open her mouth sallow in lots of pain and can't talk or walk. all this started after she had a tooth pulled. what could be wrong with her? she is in the hospital now and they have said her body is shutting down.
my ears bleed when i have earaches. lost hearing for  days once. could this be related to reconstructed eye socket. i had eye socket reconstructed years ago after being hit in the eye with a gun. now my ears bleed if i get earaches. lost my hearing more than  days. could this be related to my eye?
im getting alot of cramps in my lega and sides near my rib cage is this associated with the spread of prostate cancer
my kid is suffering from . this  what is it?
is h pylori a formof stomach cancer
my retired husband gets his medical through va. . i am a -year-old homemaker with private health insurance and have been notified that the premium is rising more than % for the next year and then the policy will no longer exist. am i eligible to get a new policy now through the marketplace?
i have recently had breast surgery removal of calcium deposits with cancer cells?
i'm overweight and i have a period maybe once or twice a year can i still get pregnant and i'm over . not sure if i can get pregnant not having a regular period or may not have one at all but we're trying to get pregnant please help
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of cervarix vaccine (pf)?
is tylenol safe to use for flu symptoms caused by interferon for hepatitis c treatment? is motrin safer?
i am addicted to red bull drink cans a week?
i have a constant pressure on my bladder?
very sudden extreme dizzy feeling as though spinning which drained my energy and made me want to vomit could be sinus? . recently had a severe head cold that lasted for more than a week and started acting like sinus issues before leaving. felt fatigued this morning but better after starting the day. sat down to have my usual veggie/fruit smoothie when i was overcome my a five minute extreme spinning feeling that made me want to vomit. after i notice my nasal was congested and i was drained. never felt like this before!
my dad's alzheimer's is so bad he kicks my mom out of the house. how can i help?
can drinking water help lower bp? . just had a stress test and told my bp is high. been trying to exercise more and lose weight. will drinking more water help with weight loss and high bp?
what are the symptoms of postpartum depression?
how much will i be fined if i don't get insurance?
 months ago i jammed my finger. still hurts when bent back & dont have full range of motion. what may the probelm be?
i have persistent leucocytosis .  for  year. treatment with antibiotics didnt reduce the wbc count?
"i have been off depo shot for over a year and have no period. i recently began having pregnancy symptoms. am i pregnant? . i was on the depo shot for  years and have not gotten the shot since september . i have still not had a period and have been having pregnancy symptoms. my fiance and i use the ""withdraw"" method. i realize that you can still get pregnant this way. after over a year of not receiving the shot i don't think the symptoms could be attributed to the shot. i had a pap smear -- and it came back fine. so could i be pregnant and if not what could be causing the pregnancy symptoms?"
i have a ball / lump in my throat just under ear and jaw bone if i move it or push on it it hurts. what is this? . looking in the mirror this morning i noticed a slightly raised bump lump or ball on the right side of my throat it falls just below my right ear lobe under my back right jaw line it can be moved around pushed on or poked at. if i touch it there is some discomfort if i put slight pressure on it. i don't have anything like this on my left side of throat. what could this be?
hello i am an african anerican male who had an unprotected sexual encounter about five months ago. odds of hiv? . hello i am an african anerican male who had an unprotected sexual encounter about five months ago. she cut my penis with her teeth then we had unprotected sex for about  minute. sometime later we discovered she was bleeding. i've started experiencing these symptoms after a caffiene detox. also i've experienced an itchy anus i also have a cut above that pesky and just won't heal. i work out pretty hard. i've cut my caffiene intake by /. the symptoms i have are diarrhea as well as fatigue.
what would cause a fluttering sound in my ear?
what's the best way to store vitamins and minerals?
me and my boyfriend had sex early friday morning on my  cycle day. will there be a chance i will become pregnant?
if i have genital herpes can i give it to someone else by sharing a washer or dryer with them?
what causes athletes foot?
is there an over-the-counter diet pill that is safe to take with prozac?
food if im rushing to eat seems to get stuck without a sip of water? is it a esophageal disorder?
how can exercise affect my skin?
what is heart surgery?
is it true that marijuana leads to other drugs?
i want to know whether my liver is in bad condition.
what if i am already pregnant and use plan b one-step?
does a migraine always include pain or can you just have light sensitivity?
can sperm travel through  layers of clothing? . me and my bf got into the moment and i started grinding on him he ejaculated. could sperm travel through his boxers and gym shorts then my cotton panties and yoga shorts and cause pregnancy? i'm really worried so could i get some help?
i have been using a nasal decongestant for a while. now i have to use it all the time or my nasal passages close up.
my  week old is sleeping about - hours a night. i am breastfeeding and was told to wake her every  hours. should i?
ive been having some trouble breathing through my nose?
can testicular cancer cause at times extreme pain in the lower stomach area and also cause nausea and verdigo?
what is juvenile myoclonic epilepsy?
can i remove my circumcision scar? . hi . i was circumcised many years ago with the gomco clamp. as part of the technique it left me an brown ring around the penis and some spots that look very ugly. can i remove or diminish this scar? is there a surgery to remove it? . thanks
can i get my medication without a safety cap?
does oral sex cause bacterial vaginosis?
can an untreated bladder infection cause herpes. july i started having itching and dryness ( yrs old) i went to a midwife in a hospital because there were no gyn doctors available. given a cream which it did not relieve the symptoms.  weeks later when to urgent care found out i had a bladder infection. oct while showering notice a lump. dr. stated inflamed abscess. hospitalized(fever etc)  days. cultures urinalysis was performed. followed up with a gyn. tested for herpes it was positive? no sex for  years. could this be a misdiagnosis?
what is obsessive-compulsive disorder (ocd)?
"is dry skin common during pregnancy? . since i have been pregnant i have been really itchy. mostly my arms legs back and belly and as i have gotten further along the itching has gotten worse. i was told on my belly i have a ""pregnancy rash"" is what my dr called it. but i have no explanation for the rest of the areas."
what are the symptoms of seasonal flu?
i have high igg levels
does shingles have little seeds within blisters. my sis has shingles and when they open it looks like little seeds coming out
i presented with pain that started in my shoulder and then progressively worked its way down my arm?
my  year old daughter is losing weight and getting dizzy and getting lightheaded. what could cause these symptoms?
who gets osteoarthritis?
were thinking of getting an ovulation testing device would this be an effective birth control method?
can someone still have children after a hysterectomy for cervical cancer
what causes sever abdominal cramping gas and diaherra? . it happens the most after consuming highly acidic and/or spicy foods. (e. i. tomatoes pepsi and creole seasoning.
how soon can the blood test detect if you have genital herpes. if you get the blood test after you have had unprotected sex with someone who has herpes and it comes back negative is there still a chance you can have the herpes virus
does spinal injections cause high blood pressure
i have health insurance from my employer. i won't have a job after dec.  because the company is closing the business. can i keep insurance coverage for my wife and myself? my income will be  for next year. do i get subsidy for my premium? how do i get a reasonable policy for both of us?
my doctor diagnosed me with a yeast infection and i thought it was better but now it is very red and swollen down there? . he gave me the diflucan and some cream but i had to stop using the cream because it made it worse it seems but i stopped using it a few days ago and the irritation seemed to be going away but today when i woke up it was very red a swollen down there and also itching
what happens if obamacare is repealed and i have to switch to another insurance company from my current one? . will they be able to cancel me? especially for people with pre-existing conditions.
what is the treatment for bed bug bites?
what medicine  take  get pregnant my periods are irregular sometimes  a year none or  a year help i can concieve. the obgyn said that i can conceive and im willing to do whatever it takes to have a baby.
what are the best weight loss ebooks like those cited here: <link>?
what are the two most common sedations used during heart cath? . the anesthetist told me that these two drugs caused my husband to be very jittery during the proceedure and that he should not be given them again. she gave me their names but i have lost them.
should i douche?
what is congestive heart failure?
my doctor wants to do an injection should a cortisone injection be done without ultra sound guidance?
i had a  hour protien done and the levels came back high. i have type  diabetes. is there any treatments? .
what causes osteoporosis?
could my previous method of birth control affect my fertility?
would zantac make allergy skin test false positive?
my daughter-in-law is not feeling baby move. due date is  days away. is this normal?
my  year old has had a fever for almost  days now. it goes as low as  and spikes to . ? . ive stayed on top of tylenol and ibuprofen since saturday. there has been no change in the fever. not sure what to do?
my daughter is  months old. she has a yellow discoloration on one of her front teeth. what caused this?
does osteoarthritis cause cartilidge in your nose to disappear or become less. my friend has noticed that in the last few weeks that the cartilage in her nose ears and toes has become obsolete. she suffers with fibromyalgia and has a had a full hysterectomy. she does not take any hormone replacement and she is in her mid 's. in addition she has never had a bone scan. any help?
 weeks late but have irregular periods could i still be pregnant. my period are a little irregular. but since i was about  i havent skipped more then one month. when ever i would skip a month i was on the  or  of the following month. well my last period was around aug  and ended on the . its now nov . i have been spotting light pink a lot and sleeping more. i took  hpt and one at my doctors office (pee test) and all was negative. i was spotting so it was blood in everyone i did so could that be why they came out neg. could i still be pregnant?
fluttering sensation in ears
baby passes stool only after two days. is it normal?
can high blood pressure cause broken vessels in the eye. i was fine this morning but an hour later getting to work i have a broken blood vessel in one of my eyes and it looks terrible. what cause this to happen?
i am a  year old married female and i am trying to conceive a baby since  years now but failed need advice?
was it a miscarriage if there was a lot of bleeding and something jelly like when using the restroom to change her pad? . my fiancee and i is not sure if she was pregnant but when she believed she had her period she had massive bleeding to the point that it would leak out from the side of her pad and when she used the restroom to change pads something jelly like about  came out of her vagina as well. our parents are old-fashioned japanese and because we are not married yet only engaged we can't just go to the hospital plus i live in japan and she lives in n. y. . what should i do or what should she do?
i had facial paralysis  years ago?
what are the benefits of eating less sugar?
i received a urethral bulking procedure with the coaptite injectable implant now in constant pain doctors dont know why?
diagnosed with breast cancer will a natural remedy wellness clinic work?
had oral sex  years ago didnt take test until two weeks ago from oraquick and it said negative. can i move on?
i have me myalgic encephalomyelitis and finding it impossible to lose weight?
what will fix a headache and fever for someone on blood pressure medicine?
i was diagnosed with a .  cm large brain lesion on my left temporal i have headache?
i am  and pregnant with my first child. i was told at my ultrasound that i have a bladder polyp. what are my options? . i amhaving pain in my bladder when i strain to urinate or have a bm. i thought it was pressure from the baby. the doctor thinks it is a bladder polyp but hasn't had experience with this so is sending me to a urologist. i can't get into the urologist for  weeks. i had a urinalysis and it was clear. i am driving myself crazy wanting answers. can a bladder polyp affect the baby? would i be able to have a cystoscopy to have it removed? . thank you!
i do not have oily foods but still have pimples. why?
can you get aids/hiv from kissing?
how to cure gastroenteritis?
first depo shot in june and had unrotected sex the first  weeks. took  tests  positive  negative(cheap dollar ones). the one that was positive was from a health department and my friend uses them for all of her pregnancys she has had  kids and one on the way. then i took  cheap dollar store tests and they were negative. confused.
ive fainted  times in almost a  year span does not drinking enough water cause that?
i have a clear odorless discharge every time i wipe from urinating. no other symptoms. what could this be? . this discharge reminds me so much of the bloody show you have when pregnant. only im not pregnant. its clear and very thick and slimy. i have had it for about  weeks now and its there everytime i wipe after i pee. cervical cancer runs in my family and i had the hpv virus when i was . i have had some small spots on my cervix a couple years back. should i be worried? and what is it? .
are you looking for the perfect club or agency to address your teenage concerns plan acne problems? . your skin is a crucial part of your external beauty and exuberance. moreover people be essentially the most hot and happening every social and professional gathering you must look forward to proper natual skin care treatments. <link>
i want know that how i can reduce the chances of getting cold and cough during weather change?
i'm certain my husband had shingles over  years ago but don't have records. is it safe to get the vaccination?
what is the right kind of diet for a senior man with diverticulosis?
pvc dildo not properly cleaned after anal use. can i still use it if i clean it? . i used a dido anally a few weeks back and i checked it today. it's a dildo with a syringe for squirting so it has a hole through it. it's made of pvc. when i checked it today there was something inside the hole for squirting that i can only assume was fecal matter. i want to avoid infections at all costs so is this toy safe to use if i clean it properly? should it now be used with a condom only andhow can i clean it to make it safe again? i have not used it again since i found this.
pain in knee hip right leg. need key-hole surgery?
i served in the navy and now have panic disorder. my family does not believe in mental illness. are they right?
suspician pharmacy stealing medication. the last  out  months my medication has been short like ten doses i thought it was me but i keep close track and control of my meds and dont know what to do i need those ten doses its not the first time i dont want to look like i am just jone sing and i am not don't know what to
will the ultrasound tech and radiologist physically touch female patient breast during ultrasound guided needle biopsy
 weeks pregnant wisdom teeth removed need pain relief?
am i going to get pregnant if i had intercourse during  day of my cycle? my cycle is a -day cycle. we did have sex twice. but the first time he used a condom. but on the second time he didnt. but he told me he's sure that he didnt ejaculated inside me. i need answers. thanks.
can a hernia cause lose of testosterone. i have had a hernia for years although  years ago i did have it repaired. since then it has come back only because i had an abdominal mesh it can't come threw my abs so it is filling my scrotum. while not painful i was wondering can this cause a lose in testosterone
i have unexplained acute onset of tingling in both my legs nerve test shows no problem?
dry orgasms my whole life: do i have prostate cancer? i do not have diabetes. . iv'e went to doctors and apparently there is nothing to do with it. . last year i put a dildo up my ass and i pushed it hard against the prostate and whenever i do that i ejaculate quite a lot! . it workws every time. . when i do not use the dildo i have dry orgasms which are much less enjoyable. seeing how prostate cancer looks it seems to be interfering with the passways of seminal vesicle. what if it has closed it entirely and when i press with the dildo it is opened up somehow?
i have very oily skin. help!
what is this thing on my upper inner lip? how do i remove it? . can anyone tell me what this is and how i can get rid of it? . i. imgur. com/. jpg
"what is the age of ""children"" guaranteed dental insurance under the law?"
for over a year my urine has smelled of sulphur?
can you run a fever with allergies?
 and this summer used marijuana almost every day. is there any permanent irreversible health affects? . during this previous summer 'my friend' smoked weed almost every day. 'they' stopped after being grounded and deciding 'they were' too young however i'm afraid it's too late. is there going to be any permanent brain damage or bodily damage as a result of 'their' use? thanks in advance- casey
what are some of the harmful health effects of smoking pipes and cigars?
what causes chlamydia?
although i am not sexually active should i still visit a womens clinic and if so what should be my reason?
diagnosed with a benign ovarian cyst around  clinic wants to do full hysterectomy need second opinion?
what products should i use on my skin?
i always feel tired when wake up in the morning my eyes feel like a lead?
is allegra d available over the counter?
i currently have mediblue hmo. i want to have out-of-network benefits so i'm considering a ppo with blue cross. . the ppo plan seems to cost more and give me less benefits. and i am not sure if the ppo will provide me with nationwide (in-network) coverage which is what i need.
if you retire outside the open enrollment period can you purchase health insurance from the exchanges upon retirement?
what are the symptoms of uncomplicated gerd?
how does an overdose of acetaminophen cause liver injury?
is it safe to use nail polish while pregnant
what is catheter ablation for the heart?
s circumin good for prostate cancer tritment. hi. i want to know if circumin is effective on prostate cancer traitment. thanks. gunes'
i am on several meds for bipolar disorder and wondered if i can drink alcohol. meds include:. morning:. abilify  mg. buspar  mg. night:. brintellex  mg. lamotrigine  mg. buspar  mg
is it safe to weight train when i have pressure in the temple/eye area associated with a sinus infection?
why am i constantly tired? i don't believe i am sleep-deprived. what can i do to help this? . i am tired all day long every day. getting out of bed in the morning is always a chore no matter how many hrs of sleep i get. i am constantly yawning throughout the day. i could nap at pretty much any time almost anywhere. i have increased my exercise level recently i work full time at a very mentally and physically exhausting place and i am in graduate school full time too. on avg i get about  hrs of sleep. however some days i get  hrs of sleep and some days i may sleep as many as .
ive been suffering from pressure and pain behind eyes for almost three years?
i have anterior cruciate ligament teardo i need surgery?
how can i manage my anger?
bumpy stools with a light green tint? . hello webmd i am new to this forum. okay so as the title says for a couple of months now i have weird bumpy stools that have a green tint to it? i am  and i have had anxiety since last year and i also lost about  since last year maybe because of the added activity and eating less junk. but anyway what could this be?
ten year old will not potty train. i have a friend who has a child and has tried everything to potty train this child and cannot get her to stop using the bathroom in her clothes. recently put her in diapers but she is . something has been to be done asap! it has gotten to the point where it is causing her medical problems such as uti's and she has also began her cycle too on top of all this! she has no clue what so ever to do anymore? suggestions:
what happens to someone when they get colorectal cancer?
isn't it a bit much having  colds in  months? . had the first cold  five days after a flu shot;  was the  head cold; jan gave me a break;  i came down w/ a sore throat followed by cough body aches and chills adding a head cold on ; previously i had gotten one cold earlier last year and none before my arrival in puerto rico on jan'; i'm a female  yo
having recurrent urinary tract infections (utis) this has been going on for the last  years?
as i am homeless i can't sign up for health insurance. now what? . i am  with fibromyalgia asthma my whole back screwed up and cancer. there are  to  of us in my local group of homeless. some are vets. since i have an old van i can get them to the va hospital. but the rest of us seem out of luck.
what is vaginal atrophy?
i often take tylenol pm to fall asleep. is that a problem or should i see my physician?
how do stds affect pregnancy?
what is normal dosage of gabapentin for relief from shingles pain? . iam getting no relief after two days of three capsules daily.
what can i give my -year-old daughter for runny nose cough and cold?
will zofran show up as meth on a drug test. my  year old mother recently was taken to emergency room and tested. positive for meth. she is on several prescription drugs. she takes iron zofran zantac metformin lasix synthroid diamox inderal actigal prilosec potassium lexapro and ultram. she does not use drugs and we have no idea why she tested positive for meth and opiates.
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of ka-pec diarrhea medicine?
took  table spoons of zzzquil is my baby ok. i do not know if i pregnant yet but i want to know if i am would  table spoons zzzquil would do harm to my baby?
is there a generic form of plavix? if not what is clopidogrel?
diabetic man had leg injury antibiotics not working?
iv inserted in jugular vein is causing vision problems and pain in back of head?
having trouble swallowing diagnosed oral thrush taking nystatin?
what causes hands to turn dark purple. extreme fatigue. inability to withstand stressors. inability to exercise
i suffer from digestive issues doctor has no answers?
took apple cider vinegar to relieve cold and flu now nose is bleeding?
my last period was nov . i took two hpt that were negative. could i still be pregnant? . i drink lots of water and have regular cycles
how do i get rid of the mild to moderate acne scarring and large pores on my forehead? . i am  have an olive skin tone an oily/combination complexion and seem to scar more easily. i have some acne scarring on my forehead and also large pores (which turn into blackheads) all over my forehead. i have a pretty decent skin care regimen never had real acne but do have issues with small pimple-type bumps on my chin (not whiteheads not large not painful maybe cystic? ). i don't want my scarring to get worse and want to minimize my pores.
does exercise help you lose weight?
what are the early symptoms of pregnancy? . i had sex on the  of may also was ovulating at the time and was wondering what are the early signs of pregnancy?
"what can i expect after stopping lexapro and adderall for bipolar cold turkey after  yrs. i have taken many different perscription cocktails over the years for bipolar but adderall and lexapro are my current meds. i do not have insurance and am a single mom with two children. i cant afford the medicines and could not have them refilled so i have been off everything for  weeks. i have been experiencing some slight mood swings but nothing serious. i have tried to ""talk myself through them"" and have made it thus far. just trying to be aware and cautious. . thanks for your help."
my husband has been sick for a week has cold sweat feels nauseated and dizzy?
i had a transplant  years ago and i would like to know if i can take a moltrin if i have a headache?
what research is being done on epilepsy?
my wife had rash in her upper part of vagina. was seen after the intercourse. looks the rash occured due to intercourse. the rash appeared just after the intercourse. it seemed that it was due to harsh intercourse or so. its third day and it still pains a lot. please advice what it is and how it can be cured. it causes burning sensation and pain during urine.
are there any contraindications for taking protonix and prilosec together?
how to deal with vaginal discharge? . i'm  had my period since  been on birth control since . i had my period a little over a week ago and have taken a week and a half of pills. the past week i've had a vaginal discharge everyday multiple times. from what i've looked up its normal and not an infection. it's not possible for me to be pregnant and i haven't been horny or anything so that's unrelated as well. i'm just wondering why this has started now out of no where and how do i take care of it?
i have had idiopathic intracranial hypertension now lose vision doctors dont know why?
how long after being hit in tmj area should pain be sharp when touching it and opening mouth? . was in head to head collision and got hit right on tmj area. extreme tenderness to area and sharp pain when open mouth wide. no other symptoms. could it just be bruised or should i have it checked out?
is any exercise safe while taking cipro? how long after  days of treatment should i wait before working with weights? . i have been working out for the last  years and find myself in decent shape for a  year old male. was starting a hardcore workout plan but have stopped. i have been having some urologic issues and after having multiple scans done the doctors are not seeing anything so my doctor has put me on cipro for  days. he specifically told me not to lift anything heavy due to possible tendon rupture and from what i see the risk continues even for several months after completing the medication.
can you find out your pregnant in a week? . can you tell your pregnant in a week?
my dentures collect food are very uncomfortable and are not held in by the glue. what are your suggestions?
what causes acne vulgaris?
is hot or cold water best for quenching your thirst. i drink water all day my # drink. i drink it cold. it is best to drink it hot?
"what temperature is considered a ""fever"" for cancer chemotherapy patients?"
two periods. or one long one. have  ys old daughter living with me plus my  yr old would that mess mine up? . started period and thought it stopped but yet was spotting lightly. hubby came home we had sex and i started started my period again. does having our  yr old daughter living with us now which claims she is not having her period for three months now. would that effect me? plus my  yr old is so hormonal lately. she has not started her first period yet. does that matter?
teen with breast lump. i am fourteen yeears old and i have a hard-ish lump on the inside of my breast. i know it is normal for teens to get lumpy breasts at times but this is different. i also know that it is very rare for someone my age to get breast cancer. so i am just wondering if this is something i should get checked out or what it could possibly be. any insight into this would be really helpful! thanks!
what happens to someone when they get dementia?
can i breastfeed while taking trileptal?
is there a link between sleep and long-term memory?
can massage help relieve nerve pain from shingles? . my sister has had nerve pain for  months now. three doctors say she has the shingles virus and  said no but with no other answer. she is  and is to young for the shingles vaccine. i am trying to think of ways to help her in relieving the never ending nerve pain. i thought of massage and wondered if that would help. second question: if there are no blisters would she be safe to have a massage or would she put the massage therapist at risk? .
my makeup remover gives me raccoon eyes when i remove mascara. can't i just wash my makeup off with soap and water?
anxiety wakes me up and taking xanax didn't help. how can i deal with this?
i have seizure like events?
can you take a bath with hsv-?
i have headaches everyday tingling and pain in my feet at a loss at what to do?
what medications can i talk to my pain management doctor about to help with my sciatica and constant migraines? . i am  years old with really bad sciatica and migraines. i am seeing a pain management doctor and for now he has me on a compound cream (which does nothing). he talked about doing steroid shots and from everything i have read it's all been negative because they aren't fda approve for the use of epidural pain relief. i hate that my doctors look at me like i'm a drug seeker because of me age. i want to play with my son again without pain. thanks in advance! courtney
what's the difference between the nasal spray and injectable vaccines for flu?
in todays society with our cell phones and everything how does one kind of escape that general feeling of tension?
my granddaughter has to have a gluton free diet what can i feed her? . she has stomach pain alot and she has a cousin (her aunts child) that is allergic to gluten so they want to put her my granddaughter on a gluten free diet to see if this helps her. i need to know what i can and cant feed her and what i can substitute so she still gets nutrients she needs. with out it costing me an arm and a leg im on a rather small income but want to do whats best for her.
"what is considered to be a ""pre-existing condition""?"
can a multivitamin cause acne?
im  weeks pregnant and have just discovered i have thread worm i cant take any medication as not recommended?
i am peg tube feeding my mother complicated medical history need advice?
i have  circles that are the same color as scar tissue on thigh what is it?
can taking a multi vitamin cause a yeast infection?
are there lymph nodes in the upper chest area near your shoulders?
pain after swallowing feels like i swallowed a bone. comes and goes. i went for an ultrasound last saturday for gallbladder. that test came back normal. going for a kinevac (? ) test tomorrow. i haven't had a good bm for a while just watery stools brought on by stimulants. i get a pain in my right side feels like a hot poker poking me in the side my stomach and upper abdomen are so bloated its miserable. i'm asking about the pain in my throat because this was there for about a week and then it was gone and i forgot to tell my dr.
i was  n  later  n doc said is because i now have overactive thyriod. will i keep losing weight? . i have been overeright for many years. and actually sick also. i just lay around in bed. i dont do any exercises. the doctor say my thyriod level was really high. that i needed to be worried about it but as i dont have insurance i cant do anything about it and as i said i am eating whatever i want and i am losing weight. i am not really complaining but i know losing that fast isnt good. so i really was wondering if this is something i should be expecting for a while or not.
how much does dermabrasion cost
 wks pregnant and have extreme muscle weakness. can only be active for a short time before i have to sit or lay down. second pregnancy. the first i was very active and had plenty of energy. this seems like more than just fatigue.
i am a fte based in the field (florida). . do i need to enroll in the state health insurance marketplace if i have health insurance through my employer? if i do need to enroll do i go through my state of residence or my employer's state?
what is it whenyour ears are infected and causes you not to be able to walk
could maintaining a gluten-free diet help my husband and i get rid of our fat tummies?
is there a test to see if i have bed bugs if i dont see them
i suffer fromswollen lymph nodes joint pain ringing in my ears is it rheumatic heart disease?
i had rotatory cuff surgery and it locks up on me?
i have a runny nose watery eyes yellow mucus cough temp of .  & slight aches. is this a cold or flu? . i took a nap on monday and when i woke up my throat and left ear were hurting really bad. i came home and then went to sleep and woke up the next day congested and sneezing. today i am coughing and running a fever of . . is this most likely a cold or the flu?
is it safe to have sex during pregnancy?
what causes my acne? . i have acne for  years now and consulted a dermatologist about it. i had undergone medications like doxyxycline for  months ipl and facial treatment. but the acne is still there what should i do now?
is talking a epson salt bath good for treating siatica
suffering from anxiety restlessness and taking clonazepam & mirtazapine. i had depression & panic attacks for the last  years. need a second opinion.
my daughters hemoglobin is low but her iron is high doctor thinks they are fighting each other?
light blood over a few days after unprotected sex and period isnt due for  weeks.  days ago i had unprotected sex with a guy and he cummed inside me. the next day i had pink tinged discharge in my underwear. then yesterday when wiping my self after peeing i had a small amount of blood on the tissue was bright red. then today used a tampon in just incase and it had pink colour discharge on it then i had same again a small amount of blood a while later. im thinking surely it cant be a period as im not due for another  weeks. is this something to worry about? is it pregnancy?
can adderall or ms contin make my hands and feet swell and cause severe joint pain in my hands?
what are the treatments for pneumonia?
is it safe for a baby to sleep under a electric blanket?
how long or short does it take for a cyst to form?
how do i become a better runner as someone with moderate experience running?
i use crutches after injured ankle and foot becomes very red and purple and my foot begins to throb?
can i take ibuprofen before going to the dentist? . i will be getting my teeth clean last time i went it hurt afterwards and normally was told i can take ibuprofen for pain. can i take before so i'm not in so much pain?
my white blood cells (wbc) count is high and also noted that i have typhoid and malaria.
been on the depo for years with no periods. now i have a light brown discharge that looks like old blood. miscarriage? . i am one of those lucky people that have been on the depo shot for almost  years without problems. i have had the required breaks. i do not have periods at all with this not even spotting. the only time i had was in the first  months after the birth of my son. now i am having very light spotting that is brown like old blood and cramping. my back has also been hurting for a week. i have had two lost pregnancies before (never while on depo) and this is what i remember them feeling like.
i have irregular periods and i am trying to get pregnant?
is there an online doctor that would look at my birthmark on my leg to see if i can get it removed? . i want to remove it with a cream or oil but i don't know if it's possible.
swollen testicles. no prostate -no stds. what is it?
are there vitamins to help bipolar
can a baby be removed from the tubes and live
 m needs to find a new doctor. would you suggest family practice cardiologist or internal medicine?
what causes weak and dizzy feeling? . my father is  years old and is a resident in an assisted living facility. after he eats breakfast he says he feels very weak and dizzy. he is ok prior to breakfast but symptoms start when returning to his room afterwards. symptoms usually go away by lunchtime and dont return. does not seem to be tied to when he takes his morning medication.
i lost my sense of smell and taste out of the blue is there anything i can do? . literally i woke up one day and found food tasteless. i thought it was the flu and let months pass by but nothing changed. it's been six since then. i'm worried if there could be any brain damage that could have caused it. does anyone have experience in this field? would love the hear some advice.
are lead lice attracted to dry scalps?
what are the symptoms of gerd in infants and children?
"havent hit puberty at  (male). i have a small amount of pubic hair around the base of my penis which i have had for around  years and a little under my arms. other than that nothing else has changed my penis and testicles haven't grown at all my voice is still really high and i am only "". recently i have been feeling depressed about the situation and it is causing me to stay home more often because it is embarrassing to go out as people think i'm about ."
can hand foot & mouth disease cause diarrhea?
what if i'm taking a medicine that can lead to bone loss?
is it dangerous to take  of divalproex sod er?
i had sex  days ago and just yesterday i went to wipe and it was red but when i check my pad it's brown? . i'm really nervous please just help
is there any clinics in austin texas to help someone with know insuance with a pituitary tumor?
does microwaving infant formula destroy all the nutrients? . my boyfriend and i have been microwaving the formula for a few seconds just enough to make it warm. i mostly breast feed but i have had problems producing enough milk so when we supplement with formula we microwave it. my mom says it kills all the nutrients i say i don't think it does but im not a doctor! please help. i want to know so that if it does kill the nutrients i can stop doing that and do it a different way that will benefit my child.
only have bowel movements once a week sometimes less. is this normal? . when i do have bowel movements my gut hurts really bad. after i go once then i go like  more times and it usually turns to diarrhea.
everytime i have intercourse with my partner i bleed. why is this happening? . at first bleeding would occur every once in a while and it would always be small traces on the condom. now anytime we have intercourse i am bleeding every single time. there is no pain no burning or anything. it would just happen. lately it has been a deep red like as if i were on my menstrual cycle. i went and got checked out by my clinician and she said she didn't find any trace of infection. she said it may be a result of my birth control and switched the perscrip. i am still bleeding.
i feel completely alone even when around others. i am seeing a psychiatrist psychologist and take meds. what can i do?
i just found a huge hard growth it goes from my waist down to my hairline. i just found a huge hard growth it goes from my waist to my pubic hairline on my left side. it is taller than my pelvic bone. my periods are bad pass lots of large clots. iron is extremely low. i have no insurance to see dr what do i do now? /
my boyfriend and i are thalassemia carriers need advice regarding getting pregnant?
is a psa of  with fever a sign of cancer or just prostate infection
triple bypass completed  months ago need my brother be concerned about exercise increasing my heart rate above ? . quit smoking before surgery and have lost weight he is  and walking every night for  minutes and climbing  stairs and a hill up and down. he feels fine and does not feel it necessary to stop but someone told him he shouldn't even be mowing a lawn because he has heart disease.
what are the symptoms of tuberculosis?
what are the treatments for a hernia?
one day late period on pill with brown did have on tampon. am i pregnant? . hi . i've currently been on the pill (microgynon ) since september of last year every month i have got my period on the afternoon of the  day of my sugar/placebo pills. i should've got my period yesterday i didn't so i waited until this morning and still nothing. before going to college this morning i put in a tampon just in case i was to come on however when changing i found that there was quite thick brown disharge on the top of the tampon. . i am sexually active too could i be pregnant?
are antibiotics safe during pregnancy?
two years ago i was diagnosed with colon cancer?
had chest ct scan primary care provider thinks it is fluid or an infection can it be cancer?
can constipation raise blood pressure
can shingles appear on both sides of the face? . my blisters are concentrated at my hairline upper lip nose (which is very swollen ) and both of my cheeks. i do not have a fever or chills but do have an upset stomach. i have tingling pain and itching at the same time. if not shingles what else could it be?
is it birth control or possible pregnancy? . birth control question.? . i had unprotected sex nov.  and then i started my birth control that following sunday nov. . i had completed a week of the birth control. my period was expected the week after but it never came. i have never missed a period and i have been on plenty of birth control. is this the work of the birth control or something else? i am on sprintec. serious answers only please.
are there any otc sleep medications that do not cause symptoms like restlessness?
spirometry testlast resort!
what is an abdominal migraine?
i was diagnosed with cervical cancer i have some lymph nodes that are swollen and a ongoing cough producing phlem/mucus?
i made a mistake and i bought  to  months formula for my newborn. can he drink it?
i have a small circle on my penis that looks like a scar. i have only been with  girl and i was her only sexual partner. have madturbated frequently no itch burn or pain just a flat smooth circle
how much exercise should i get if i have asthma?
my  son's penis is very small. seem to be grow in and not out. his doctor tell my not to worry but i'm worried
i have or think i have ringworm of the scalp or beard when should i contact my doctor?
can coricidin hbp be taken with blood pressure medication?
i heard that crunching ice will make your teeth crack and break. is this true?
i have been having a constant noise like a bass playing in my right ear. this in addition to ringing. what is it? . i have been deaf in my right ear since  due to having a tumor and the bones from my right ear removed. i have had ringing in that ear since then. lately i have been getting a deep sound like a bass playing in the same ear. i have also had a sharp stabbing pain in that ear a few times in the past few weeks. what could be causing this? should i be alarmed?
my brother has been losing his hearing abilities since he was - years old?
i have a burning cramp sensation in my stomach area usually on the left around the waist area?
is it ever safe to have unprotected sex? i've heard women cannot get pregnant right before their period. is this true?
can i take amoxicillin to cure uti? . i was hospitalized for one back in  so i know what it feels like. i have extra medixcation left from a amoxicillin from an injury. can this be taken to cure the uti?
if i test negative for hpv with my pap tests do i need separate anal hpv test?
can children get headaches with the onset of a fever? after giving motrin the fever came down and the headache went away
will i get an ectopic pregnancy if i had sex on the date of period?
i have kaiser supplement for my medicare. what changes can i expect because of the aca? . my husband is a kidney transplant patient and his anti-rejection drugs are not covered in medicare part b nor d as they are very expensive.
what can i use to tighten my skin? i am  and so far my skin only has a few wrinkles but i do not like the sag.
gave a guy a hand job and touched a little precum. had to end it early so i put my underwear on a couple minutes later. okay so we had to cut it a bit short so nothing really happened. i just touched his precum. a couple minutes later i put my clothes back on and thennn my underwear with my hands that had precum. could i posssiibly maybe somehow get pregnant?
what is nausea?
diagnosed with hematoma following hernia surgery. swelling and pain continue. should i return to doctor. visited surgeon yesterday he stated that the hematoma would improve in the next - days. today the swelling of the abdomen is increasing along with the pain. should i wait this out or make another visit? .
i have this painful bump that showed up oe month after i had my tonsillectomy should i be concerned.
can drinking caffeine cause me to develop more wrinkles at a younger age?
 old male child with a recurrent git and respiratory infection?
when to eat after insulin injection? also how much to eat after your insulin injection?
there are large blistrers on the ankles and behind the knees. . when a blister breaks the fluid burns the skin and a large dark spot like a buise appears where the blister was.
stage  sarcomatoid carcinoma  tumors in liver what are best options for treatment?
on  lisinopril to get to /. vertigo when standing almost fainting. normal? . hi guys . i have high blood pressure (hbp) normally at /. taking  lisinopril to get down to /. . the problem is i get vertigo when standing. if i do it repeatedly (working on a car/motorcycle) i nearly faint. is this me getting used to the lisinopril. perhaps my body isn't used to dealing with its bp at a normal range. or is there something else going on?
i have mysterious contracted muscle on left side of back somewhere on rhomboid muscle?
i have had  surgeries i am in constant pain.
air comes out of my tear duct when i blow my nose. its been happening for a few months now but when i laugh or blow my nose air comes out on my right tear duct. what causes that? why is there air or anything coming out out my eye other than tears and eye boogers? its a little uncomfortable and i would love to know why this is happening. thank in advance!
are there foods and/or drinks that may cause acne breakouts? . my eight year old daughter is presently having bouts with acne breakouts. we've been advised about using different hair products that won't clog her pores with heavy oil ingredients. what other products may be causing her acne issues? her grandmother (we've recently found out) has allowed her to drink sodas and fruit drink beverages on daily visits. could this contribute to some of the skin problems she's having?
i am not pregnant but can i take norco / penicillin vk  mg and ibuprofen  mg together?
can a cold develop into the flu?
i had radiation therapy and chemotherapy for stage  cervical cancer is it possible my ovaries werent completely fried and im ovulating again?
how to soften internal scar tissue. i had a transflap surgery due to mastectomy and have harden tissue around an opened wound in my abdomen. how can i soften it?
can i take augmentin and zantac ?
i'm  pregnant and have a sub chorionic hemorrhage  and have been bleeding for  how serious is my condition? . should i be on bed rest immediately no matter how much of a problem it's going to create at work or should i just do what i can and take it easy?
can i take zotex while on cipro?
i have two holes in my chest that blow bloody bubbles when i breathe?
guest in my home has scabies do i have house sterilized? or will a good cleaning do it? we haven't had skin contact. he is getting treated and i'm having a general cleaner come in this afternoon to change linens etc. is this sufficient? i have never had anything like this in my home somewhat disturbed.
im  weeks pregnant doctor told me now normal delivery is not possible? need second opinion.
"i iook like i'm  months pregnant. when i'm not. i am '-"" and weigh  lbs but all my life was never over  lbs until  months into my pregnancy where i gained  lbs. i look ""normal"" in the sense that i do not look fat and have no cellulite or hanging skin but if i don't suck in when i'm standing i look like i'm  months pregnant i have actually had people tell me i look good for being so far along. i have tried exercising and dieting and had success and lost weight but with no change to my stomach. help"
doctor recommended operation to remove cysts on both ovaries need a second opinion?
chest pain weakness on the left side and my throat feeling tight on the left side?
i am diagnosed with inflammatory bowel disease unclassified (ibdu) dont want to stop treatment for another colonoscopy? now have to go for another scope
a positive urine and a positive blood pregnancy test how likely is that to b wrong? . asking because every time i have sex i bleed just in the last week but the bleeding stops almost immediately
i hurt my neck  years ago is aps therapy good?
what's the best way to pack convenient healthy food to go?
my son accidentally took my husband's zestril blood pressure medicine. he is  years old. should we go to the er?
ive been using ssri (selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors)throughout my life i feel my sense of taste is altered?
what to do before during after fainting? . what to do before during after fainting? . im married and i have a husband that have hyperventilation(meaning:anxiety/panic attack/breath too fast). we are in our 's. now question is. what should i do before he faint during he faint and after he faint? . p. s i already know the details of hyperventilation. therefore i'm here to know about fainting not hyperventilation.
am i under correct medication for my symptoms? is it gerd?
i have stomach crampts and extremely bad diarrhea anything i eat or drink comes straight back out. my stool is not even slightly solid and i have found some blood in my stool. this started without any provocation last week and has continued. it gets worse when i sit or stand. i only feel semi=normal when i am laying down unmoving. i have also been sleeping an insane amount. i have not vomited and have been drinking water and eating toast only. i don't know how there is anything left in my system.
when you have bph and you ejaculate and the sperm dont come out where does it go
i made a very dumb and ignorant mistake as a  year old i took anabolic steroids?
can you take sudafed with zyrtec?
why do women secret more fluid when sexually aroused by orally than women. some women secret more vaginal fluid than others when aroused or when climaxing orally and also through the cervix?
sleeping difficulty due to non stop brain activity. for a few days i've been unable to sleep at night. every time i try my head is overloaded with random sounds and images. i sleep in small starts and i have a mild throbbing headache within a few hours. this started after a day of high tension but my lack of sleep is making my morning life worse.
does metamucil cause weight gain
my  month old has diarrhea for  hours. when is it time to take her to a doctor? . my baby has had yellow seedy stool for  hours and she screams every time. she normally has a bowel movement every - days but she has pooped  times in the past  hours. she had her second flu shot friday. her dad has the stomach flu and she was exposed to him thursday night when it started. should i take her to a doctor or would they just tell me to keep an eye on her?
i had a breast cyst aspirated about  months ago. it is back and both breasts are very sore. . when it was aspirated the doctor said he never saw that mush fluid come out of a breast before. it was bloody brown but came back normal. now the cyst is back and very painful.
lower back pain and loss of blood.
"are there any ""natural"" treatments for osteoporosis?"
my boyfriends niece and nephew are albinos will he be a carrier for the gene?
my hip is very painful doctors didnt find anything?
burning tongue syndrome what cures it it hurts all the time. pain pills helps some chewing gum helps drinking tea helps been to iu med center barns hosp. st. louis several dentist been to  neurologist  pain doctors what is said we have heard of it no cure. . .
are there still going to be programs like chip available once obamacare goes into effect?
does a migraine always include pain or can you just have light sensitivity?
i have history of multiple myeloma when i get up from sitting i take one step get off balance?
what is the maximum number of benedryl you can take for an allergic reaction. a non-life threatening allergic reaction with hives and severe itching. what is the maximum benedryl over the counter i can take safely
does a daily magnesium supplement of  mg have any effect on the effectiveness of the birth control pill (kariva)?
i woke up with swollen parotid glands?
"what is healthy weight for "" tall  year old girl. my daughter seems overly thin and also has dark circles under her eyes no matter how much sleep she gets. her dr. hinted that she may be underweight at  lbs but nothing more. she eats very well and in large quantities yet does not seem to be gaining much weight though she is growing taller. is this normal or is there something i should watch for?"
for - years i have had blood in my stools?
female age  diagnosed with normocytic anemia what can cause this?
my penis retracts inside my foreskin. over the last few days i have been experiencing an event that scares me and i am a little worried about it. frankly it scares me and i am worried that sooner or later i will not be able to fix it. it seems as though the shaft and the head of my penis retracts inside the foreskin making it look like i am uncircumsized. so far i have been able pull it back out but it scares me because i am kinda small anyway and when it does it i am even smaller. can you tell me why this is happening?
i was born with one testicle when i did a spermogram i find out that i suffer from hypospermia. is there any cure?
my husband has been taking janumet for over a year. our insurance wants him to take cheaper medicine. any suggestions?
my niece is a -year-old virgin and just had the flu and now have blister like sores around my vagina. what is it?
where does the extra weight go during pregnancy?
one time episode of hypoglycemia? this was an extremely concerning experience: on a no-carb diet for .  weeks and had a day where i was really busy and feeling a little out of sorts. only ate a small meal of chicken and spinach around  a. m. as the day progressed i continued to feel out of sorts shaky and a bit confused but was trying to get things done and did not eat. in the early evening i had a few glasses of wine with friends and reacted very badly becoming confused and feeling more intoxicated than usual. my behavior was not reflective of my usual behavior. i am wondering if i became hypoglycemic due to diet lack of food and then when i drank alcohol became more hypoglycemic. i am otherwise healthy and have never experienced this previously or after. the only difference was diet and not eating enough for a long period of time. having some wine is not unusual but the reaction was as was my behavior/mood/feelings throughout the day
do i see a dermatologist or a podiatrist for psoriasis of the feet? . for years i thought i had athlete's foot & nail fungus -- and though it might have been the case i now recognize the blistering on top of my feet as psoriasis. should i see at dermatologist or podiatrist? i have been to a dermatologist who tried to treat the nail fungus but it did not work -- my  attempt. i am in my  now and have suffered from some variation of this since my late . it is painful and humiliating in appearance.
my  yr old daughter had a spinal fusion in june now  months later she gets choked when eating?
can your colon shrink causing slower release of feces? . if so describe the condition and treatment
i was told i have arthritis. mypcpsaidhecan'tprescribemeanypainmedsdue to all the other medication i am on what do i do? . i was told i have a level  seperation and arthritis in my right shoulder but my pcp said he can't prescribe any pain meds because of all my other meds i am on what do i do?
is there a federal requirement to test tissue removed from a benign lesion?
my body hasnt been feeling good at all what can be wrong?
can split ends really be mended or repaired like some hair products claim they can do?
how can i become fertile. i have been taking prenatal vitmans and folic acid pills but still hav'nt became pregnant what do i do
my ovulation calculator said i wil be ovulating april -. which one of those days would i be most fertile?
my cats been crawling wont lay down low appitiete sad meowing her bottom seems tense has diarrhrea what could be wrong. i have two cats one has diarrhea not sure which but one of my cats named trippy has these episodes where she crawls and won't walk. she will rub herself against the wall meow sadly and won't eat that much. she is still lovable but seems less interested. can someone please help me. could this be round worms or something much worse?
how is phimosis treated?
my shin bones are very soft and can actually dent if i press my finger on them. what gives? . if i wear socks that are too tight i get more than just the standard ring that most people get. if the socks are short and don't reach my calves. i actually get dents. in fact if i for example lean against a coffee table with my legs so that someone can pass by me in a crowded situation they dent. i can even dent them as a novelty to show people just by pressing hard enough with my own finger. you should also know that i have mixed connective tissue disease as that may be relevant.
is hair loss a symptom of hiv? . i have always shed like a cat when my hair was dry but now it is coming out in big clumps while i am washing it. the hiv is the only change that has come about for me.
i had a tot hysterec at . i am now  and have been having horrible hot lfashes to where my nose & face gets beet red. b/p is normal during this. it may last anywhere from  -  minutes and occurs more and more frequently. at least  times a day. please help. i have been on the vivelle.  dot since i had my hysterectomy. dosage was twice a week but i have reduced myself to changing it once a week for  years now. this is something that has began to occur in the past  or  months. also severe hair loss too i am going bald when i always had a head full of very thick hair. please help!
i am on medicare and have supplemental coverage with ghi. . am i covered for the vaccine for shingles under the affordable care act?
can an adult with a weakened immune system due to cancer and lupus get mono? . a friend of my daughter tested positive for mono. we all drank after each other trying a new drink at starbucks. i have cancer ( cml) and lupus my immune system is very weak & i catch everything my teenagers bring home. i usally get sick about every - days. i wash my hand a lot and use hand sanitizer as well as lysol in my home. i haven't felt well the past two days. is it possible for me to have gotten mono? i have headache sore throat low grade temp & i'm weak & have been sleeping a lot.
why is my doctor refusing to let me self pay for a few months? . i have been seeing my pcp for well over a year now since my last retired. i am thinking of switching jobs and will loose my health insurance for a while and asked her what it would cost to pay out of pocket each month to get my pain meds. the girl at the front desk tells me the dr. will no longer accept out of pocket payments. i dont understand why they know im on the pain meds so i can work and not be disabled. my girlfriend father also has been seeing same dr out of pocket for months. thanks
why is stretched anal sphincter refused treatment for men
i suffer from tired aching legs during and after work any suggestions?
i just overdosed
is it safe to take calcium carbonate  mg every day for acid reflux?
ive been living with candida yeast infection for about  years now. i didnt know till like a year ago what candida was?
what sort of diet should i follow if i have type  diabetes and im overweight?
small red bumps on penis forskin after and head also pink irritation on base. happens after masterbating or intercourse. first thought it was contact dermatitis with my gf but it becomes irritated after masterbating too. it's very mild and not that noticeable unless you know it's there. when we were not using protection and had frequent intercourse it would become more severe and would flake the day after. could this be a yeast infection or some kind of bacteria?
why i cannot reduce my waist line and weight even if i do sports everyday? . my weight has always been  (). few months ago i stopped my contraception pills. since then i started to eat alot. this is how i gain  within . but this is how my day looks for a month now: i wake up go outside for   fast walk do exercises for  do streching exercises for  after that i do contrast shower. i east no chocolates (only dark sometimes) sweets fizzy drinks fried food flour (bakery) pasta fast food. i decided to check my weight. it is  now. why?
i lost  pounds and have wrinkled saggy skin. what natural product can i use for collagen and elastin production?
what could cause severe groin pain?
persisting symptoms of a vaginal bacterial infection after medication? . i don't know the exact infection it was but if anything my symptoms include a bit of itchiness and a pinching feeling in my cervix. there is no discharge and there is no pungent odor. this was the extent of my symptoms from the beginning and after taking antibiotics i feel like i still have it.
is vitamin k the same thing as potassium. the reason i ask this question is because i have been taking lisinopril  mg twice a day. plus omega -- twice daily. plus alive vitamin for women + once a day. and i am worried about getting too much potassium. i did not know if vitamin k is the same thing as potassium. this vitamin does not list potassium or iron. so i figured it would be safe for me to take. also since i take  mg daily of lisinopril. would it hurt me to eat an occasional banana.?
i have blisters on my bottom lip because i suck my lip and clench my teeth at night. how can i help them heal faster?
can you get too much oxygen
what is anxiety?
what difference does it make which health insurance exchange i use? federal state? . can i use an exchange other than my state of residence or state of business?
pain in the urethra burning any sugguestions not uti
my  week scan showed everything is o. k but radiologist suggested there is caudal regression syndrome?
is peanut butter bad for kidney stones?
am i able to get lice from hugging somebody who had been recently infested and having head-to-head contact for a second?
what are the downsides of mini-lifts?
what mg of benicar is equal to cardizem la  mg?
is there any otc medications that can be taken for severe itching caused by primary biliary cirrhosis that really works? . my insurance company is trying to deny my dr. 's recommended treatment by not covering the prescription medication that he gave me. they recommended me to take zyrtek (over-the-counter) instead. i've been trying benadryl and everything else like that in the (over-the-counter) stuff already! it has not been effective for me and i'm miserable! the name of the medicine i was prescribed is atarax and it could've even been filled in generic form. my pharmacist told me that it isn't even expensive!
i have a sinus infection and a middle ear infection. could this be causing my dizziness? or is it the antiobiotic? . antibiotic is augmentin. i am on day  of ;.
if i cannot determne if i've had chicken pox should i get the vaccine? . i was told it would be best to have a bllod test that can tell me if i've had chicken pox. i don't want to waste time or money if this is not the case. i am  years old.
what is postpartum depression?
my  y/o boy was diagnosed with idiopathic pulmonary arterial hypertension (ipah) what do you recommend?
i will get nervous and jittery my head itches and i cannot fall asleep before bed. i wake up in the am with a rash. this has happened several times and it takes weeks before the rash goes away. my dermatolgist said it is inverse psyroissis. is that possible?
i am on medicare. i realize that it was cut by $ billion. with the reduced payments to doctors and hospitals how do i know if i am getting the proper care? and i have heard that certain procedures will not be covered after a certain age. please explain.
i have swollen salivary glands doctor doesnt know what it is i am in agony?
could i be pregnant  years after a tubal ligation? . i had a tubal ligation  years ago i am  now. i had the tubal where they cut out a piece of the tube. i am usually pretty regular in my cycle i am usually around - days. i am now over  weeks late. could i be pregnant? i took a home pregnancy test and it was negative. i have had cramping many days in the last couple of weeks (thinking my period was coming each time but nothing) i have also had mild spotting after intercourse.
can having sex with someone who has a vaginal infection give you ingrown hairs? . my girlfriend has a vaginal infection but we still had sex because she decided the pleasure outweighed the pain. later the next day i had a couple ingrown hairs among my pubic hairs. i do shave that area but this time i had shaved it into a heart and the ingrown hairs were among the already grown hairs rather than the shaved and none were outside of the previously grown area. there are five in total and i've never had more than one or two from shaving. so this time stood out to me.
if a woman had her tubes tied  years ago can she still get pregnant now. i havent had a period in four months.
i have been experiencing pain which never goes away?
can inguinal hernias cause ed?
i was told to give my  year old daughter barley greens for low iron but can not find anything about iron in it? . my chiropractor said barley green for her to bring up iron levels but i cant find anything that says barley greens is good for this?
could my boyfriend get a uti from me? . i had a uti about a month ago. went to the doctor and was given antibiotics. recently my boyfriend has started noticing the same symptoms and insist that i gave him a uti because he has never had one before. i told him to my knowledge it was not something he could have gotten from me. could i be mistaken?
is it normal that my period is late? almost  days now. i've never had sex so i can't be pregnant. i'm  and i'm always regular. it was ramadan recently. so i fasted. and my sleeping pattern kind of messed up. i went to sleep at  am and woke up at  pm like the whole month. but before that i've always went to sleep at like  pm. plus i ate a lot less. everyone says i've lost weight. and i don't know if i should be worried or not. i'd reaaaaaaally appreciate your help.
"is it correct that anything over an spf  really doesn't decrease uva and uvb sun exposure? . i have heard that it ""may"" add only % more protection but the costs of a higher spf is not worth the price point."
how can you prevent caluse on your baby toe? . i am in scrubs all day and i have these comfortable shoes that i wear which is not tight at all but at the end of the day my little baby toes be killing me. any suggestions?
i'm  girl and i've had my period for  years. now i havent had it for  months. not pregnant i've never had sex.
is it possible for a  girl to start menstruating @ age (spotting) then not start again until age ?
my stomach always growls turns and feels bloated after i eat. i also have a lot of flatulence. what could be wrong? . i am not sure what is wrong with me. my stomach growls loudly and obnoxiously after i eat and it is very embarrassing not to mention the fact its very uncomfortable almost painful. i also have excessive flatulence in addition to this. i want to know what is wrong and i am tired of sitting in class with this issue it has been going on for at least  months now. i don't eat fast and i am definently not hungry and i have tried eating more frequent it doesn't help.
i am  day post op from a knee replacement and i have a few patches of red?
what are the benefits of dental implants over regular dentures and bridgework?
sharp pains in my chest arms and legs fall asleep problems with my digestive track?
can i become pregnant with a nexplanon due to antibiotic
 yr old woman. chemo for bladder cancer. constant sitter. has a growth on the buttocks. looks like a lazy eye. flap. the flap laps over what seems to be an abcess or boil but gets very sore when touched. recent x-ray showed possible calcifications in the area. seems like the flap is made up of fat tissue that has been pulled up from her buttocks. flap located right around the pelvis bone. top of the buttock area. any ideas of what this could be?
what are the symptoms of prostate cancer?
can a male that is infected with hepatitis c transfer it to a female that is uninfected through sexual contact?
bumpy red rash under breast. itichy. area. growing larger.
to dr. moser i hope you read this. thank you for answering my question. some more information would be appreciated. it was a staph infection that was in his testicle area. i know the needle would've hurt. but should he have felt much more after that. it was a min or less that the dr. waited before he started to lance the infected area. it was a very small incision that he made. no bigger than the tip of a pen
my mother has multi-drug-resistant tuberculosis (mdr-tb) and coughing blood?
should toddlers take vitamins with omega  and vitamin 
i have bumps on my genital region i am a male. from what i read it doesn't appear to be herpes. no itch pain/openings. i noticed them first about a month ago and only noticed it while erect. i washed the area very well and they dissappeared days after. i have them again which i noticed today if i do not feel them i have no clue they are there. they are skin colored as well they do not hurt when pinched/touched. almost reminds me of how it feels to touch dead skin as there is no feeling remaining. im not sure what kind of doctor to see or if there is some possible allergic reaction that might be occuring.
i hurt my shoulder doctor put me on arm sling now doctor says fractured humuras?
i take four ibuprofen a day and i have bad heartburn. could it be the ibuprofen?
what foods trigger migraines and headaches?
what surgery options do i have for prostate cancer advanced or metastatic?
i have rsd and now a severe sciatic issue so obviously i have pre-existing health conditions. what health insurance plan should i get if i want to be able to get a spinal stimulator?
what does pharyngitis mean? . can pharyngitis cause vertigo when your not sick with a cold or ear infections? no sore throat?
 weeks pregnant ive got reddish ring circles
i am having a renal scan on mon. my question is do i need someone to be there with me to drive me home long drive.
i have a small lump between my butt and my vigina. is that normal? .  years old girl not sexually active. hurts to sit down.
what are the symptoms of heart failure?
what are the best antioxidants to use? what products are the best for an antiaging regimen?
what is benzoyl peroxide for acne?
no sleep for two weeks chronice pain weight loss uti extreme anxiety no appetite uneasy vision issues faint. no sleep  weeks stress triggers. weight loss i have chronic body pain i have a uti now i cannot eat i can't relax i am startled nervous dry skin brittle hair joint pain dizziness fatigue vision goes in and out can concentrate high blood pressure. my xanax is not even working. i did get diagnosed with ptsd in april   due to almost being killed by me ex. anniversary dates are hard but my parents are unsupportive lately and have hurt me greatly. i am totally exhausted.
my right leg gets numb (asleep)after  minutes of standing need second opinion?
does alcohol contribute to a high hernia?
are there any nutrients i should be sure to consume or any supplements you'd recommend to help with thinning hair?
what are the signs of a fever in babies?
what happens when babies cry during a breathing treatment? is this ok or should it be avoided?
what can i eat with the stomach flu? . i can't seem to keep anything down except tea and i've yet to try soup i just need to know if it's alright to eat chicken soup while having the stomach flu (i need something that won't make a trip right into my toilet)
my  year old was bitten by tick behind the ear and now her lympnoyd is swollen. should i worry? no fever and no pain
i have stretch marks all over my body. how to get rid of them?
could extra caffeine consumption be a cause of mild unilateral breast tenderness?
what factors put you at risk for atherosclerosis?
can you get strep throat from someone who doesn't have strep throat?
it is possible to apply garlic to remove warts? and what is the best way to remove warts? . what is the cause of that?
when should i call the doctor for orthostatic hypotension?
i fell down and have a slight ache in my right side under my breast. should i use a hot or cold pack?
what are the early symptoms of pregnancy? . i had sex on the  of may also was ovulating at the time and was wondering what are the early signs of pregnancy?
what is nsf? . my mother went for an mri and has since then lost so much weight from nausea and diahrrea. the doctor's said her gallbladder is only working at %. her hearing has decreased so much she can barely hear. she is only  years old and was in great shape before she got the mri. now it's hard for her to function. she did get injected with dye so they could see if there were any cysts in her wrist. i want to know if this sounds like the beginning of nephrogenic system fibrosis.
i may have henoch schonlein purpura need confirmation and advice?
i had a snowboarding accident im always either in pain or dull and achy- am i cursed?
if guy ejaculates on toilet then min later girl goes to restroom and water splashes on her vulva can she get pregnant?
do i have a yeast infection?
can i get hiv by using infected towel?
if i am hiv positive can i still be a sperm donor?
eczema on penis. i have really sensitive skin and issues with eczema all the time. worst part is i get the eczema rash on my penis. i use hydrocortisone for the itching but it really dries out my skin. what can i use safely down there to moisturize?
iv inserted in jugular vein is causing vision problems and pain in back of head?
who should not get the shingles vaccine?
is clarithrmycin good for strep throat?
suffering from anxiety attacks which are of a sudden onset. i am a schizophrenia and heart attack patient.
how can i prevent passing gastroenteritus to my family members in my household? . my grandmother is almost  and can barely walk or move around and i know these type of viruses can be deadly for elderly people and i am very worried i do not want her to catch this i am very concerned because i have been to the hospital twice for this. i am also worried about my partner because we sleep in the same bed. can anyone help me with info on ways to safely disinfect the house? and prevent spreading germs besides washing my hands frequently?
what increases a man's risk of infertility?
i live with a person with polyarteritis nodosa pan need advice?
what foods will increase albumin? . my husband's albumin level is .  and the low level is preventing him from participating in a clinical trial for lung cancer.
can shingles appear on both sides of the face? . my blisters are concentrated at my hairline upper lip nose (which is very swollen ) and both of my cheeks. i do not have a fever or chills but do have an upset stomach. i have tingling pain and itching at the same time. if not shingles what else could it be?
i have medical issues and my husband is healthy. . would it be more advantageous for us to have individual health insurance plans and deductibles?
i took my combination pill  hours late. im on the first week of my new pill pack and took my pill  hours late and will take the next one at the usual time. i had unprotected sex three days ago and am i at risk if i have unprotected sex in the next coming days? if so for how long? i take the combination pill gildess fe . -.
is viral pneumonia contagious?
how to wrinkle skincare - tips? <link> do get to the affordable breathing filter? lots of skin care reviews suggest by using an egg and applying the egg white on encounter before you catch some z's at night. the egg white can enable to be able to get a face mask. visit a dermatological doctor. more info:>> <link>
what is an acne scar?
besides ed medications what can cause priapism?
what's the difference between the common cold and the flu?
i get frequent anterior shoulder dislocations will the situation get worse?
is a cortisone injection merely a pain reliever or temporary remedy?
who should not receive boniva injection?
i've heard conflicting opinions.  weeks of pregnancy what should my wife avoid eating and drinking? . we just had our first appointment and the md said it was ok for her to have caffeine sushi and a drink as long as it was in moderation. thoughts
how long should it take to get over strep throat? . strep throat already diagnosed. three days later she still has a rash and fever. she is definitely laying. she has only had  / days of meds
how can i manage nasal congestion during pregnancy?
what over the counter drugs interfere with drug tests?
why is my blood sugar so high with prednisone and should i be worried?
what causes infertility in men?
what is the average penis size?
bright blood in stool for a while now burning feeling in stomach loss of appetite and exhaustion what could this be? . i am anemic. i've had blood in my stool on and off for a few years. i told my doctor who said i had h pylori and got medication for it  years ago but now i'm bleeding (bright red) blood again. recently it has been more painful than ever before. i am constantly exhausted and feel dizzy often my stomach also started hurting right where it connects to the esophagus.
what can i do to treat carbon monoxide poisoning at home?
i have a lump under my lower left rib that sometimes causes pain. what is it?
what is a free-standing dementia-specific care center?
my company health insurance is useless. my wife has insurance through her work (bcbs) which covers us. so i do not need to do anything as far a signing up for anything since i'm covered under her insurance correct? if she was to quit one of us would then be required to sign up right?
for about two years now i have been having a problem with my ears. i know this will probably sound really weird but here's what's been happening. i have had muffled hearing and my ears have felt stuffy. both ears the biggest issue is that when i place my finger just inside my ear canal and apply some pressure and release. there is a very loud crackling and popping sound. it last for  or  seconds then stops. in both ears the same. i can even feel it bubbling inside my ear. it sounds and feels like some type of fluid.
can ibuprofen show up as thc in a drug test
is the polio vaccine safe with fever or runny nose?
what causes pancreas divisum?
when i overexert myself during exercise or intercoarse i get this bad pain in my anal area along with my testicles
what should my diet include or exclude for muscle definition?
what are some inherited (genetic) diseases a dermatologist might treat?
have a couple little tiny looking bite marks on foot and ankle. get them every summer. very itchy. one little spot has little red spots in a row going from big to small about an inch long.
if obamacare is now law how can the president his family and congress be exempt? . if it's good enough for the average citizen why will they not participate in the new health care system?
pregnancy possiblity? . i think about  times this month i had to double up on pills (the third being december ) because i forgot the night before and had to take them in the morning. my boyfriend and i had sex december . we ran out of condoms so we only had sex for a little bit and then we stopped. he didn't finish in me. do you think i have any chance of being pregnant? the other two times i missed my pill were at least a week before this happened and the third time was two days after. i'm .
if i use a foundation with sunscreen do i really need a separate sunscreen too?
is lipitor used to treat migraines
could i be pregnant. my period started on  april had sex on  and  of april. could i be pregnant with a boy
what is the safe supplement dosage of dha? . i am thinking of using dha as a supplement but don't want to overdose on it. was wondering what is the recommended dose for healthy use?
does caffeine and salt cause vertigo and will eliminating it help it go away
what exams and tests help doctors to evaluate or test people for gastroesophageal reflux disease gerd?
so are shingles contagious? my grandaughter has blister like rash on her hands. and was exposed to them. she's  old
what are the best ways to exfoliate to prevent breakouts?
pelvic floor exercises. hello. my doctor told me to start doing kegels for my stress incontience. i understand to find my pelvic floor muscle is to stop the flow of urine. i can do that but i'm still having problems doing kegels also i'm not sure if i'm doing them right? any suggestions that can help me will be greatly appreciated. thank you so much
i moved to oklahoma from oregon where i had trillium formerly oregon health plan free of costs. . my benefits were canceled on oct.   because i had resided here for  months and did not have an oregon mailing address. also i was attending college in oregon and since have recently started drawing ssa at $ a month. will i be able to get close to the same benefits as i had with ohp while i am here in oklahoma?
i have been sick with over  degree fever for four days straight now?
is it possible to get insurance in california without going through covered california?
what is a yeast-like infection prior to menstrating? . every month about - days before i start my period i get a yeast-like infection. if i try to use over-the-counter treatments the itching and discomfort increases. if i use an anti-itch ointment like vagisil it burns as if i have put rubbing alcohol on my vagina. usually within - days of starting my period the discomfort goes away. i've had sex maybe  times in a year and i have had the same partner for more than  years. i know he's not having sexual relations with others.
my father having hiccups continuously since  days and he is diabetic.
me and my wife have been trying to have a child for two years?
i am  and lost my job in sept. . i have to drop cobra because the new health insurance will be too expensive. . i start my social security in december  and will be receiving unemployment. will i be able to receive some type of subsidy?
my mole has gone very hard like a scab. hello everyone! . i have currently been going through the process of removing my mole with apple cider vinger for about a week. . it has gotten to the point where is has scabbed over and now i'm unsure on what to do. should i carry on the apple cider process or wait and see if the scab/mole comes off? . any advice would be helpful the reason why i tried to remove it was because i hated it and now it is much worse. thanks brandon <positive_smiley>
my mom has been coughing several times each day for the past  months sometimes she spits clear mucous and vomits?
can a man who had a high fever as an infant cause him to have abnormal sperm in adulthood? . my husband was recently told that his sperm sample had a high number of abnormal sperm. he believes that a high fever that he had as an infant caused this. can this be a cause?
hi there. i would like to know what could be affecting me as i have never experienced such symptoms before. recently about  months i would say i have been experiencing chronic fatigue even when i do sleep for long hours i still wake up feeling tired. more recently i have been having severe headaches accompanied by nausea. i often get a metal taste in my mouth during the day but mostly when i wake up. i find it hard to concentrate and always have this anxious feeling. i am a  year old male and i find it strange to be experiencing such symptoms at my age
is there possibility for me to make a full recovery after i quit from such a history of drug use? how long will it take? . i have been smoking marijuana consistently for the past  years everyday. in weight i smoke .  a day on average. i also smoke tobacco with my marijuana out of a bong. ive smoked on average half a pack a day of cigarettes. in the last six months i have been using cocaine regularly. almost every time i can get my hands on it ill buy some. on average i would say i have been using  a week. i need to know what level i'm at as far as drug use goes. .
do doctors immediately prescribe medication to control blood sugar or do they wait to see if diet and exercise help?
what happens to the body when a person gets tuberculosis?
what is a safe easy way to remove toxins from yor body while pregnant?
why am i nauseous /? . i am  weeks pregnant today and i have been constantly nauseous the past couple of weeks. throughout the first few weeks i would only get nauseous being in a car for so long but now i'm nauseous the second i wake up until the second i go to sleep. it's getting to the point where it's hard for me to eat or drink anything. so my question is are there any tips or tricks on how i can get the nausea to go away?
i have bloody stools for  years is this irritable bowel syndrome?
i have computer vision syndrome pain in shoulder head nerves?
can i take a anti depressant with my adderall? . i have been taking adderall for years now and now have symptoms of stress and or depression. i feel like my chest will explode under certain circumstances. i'm not sure of what i need to do
i am on a low carb  calrie diet i am  pounds  year old male my weight is not coming off? . supplements; protein thermobol glutamine creatine.
what are the symptoms of influenza?
ive been getting heavy periods tiredness my whole body is tender migraines?
can a sinus infection cause urinary frequency and pain?
have severe lower backpain left and right side no solution from doctors?
i fractured my spine now have vision problems?
can ibs cause burning and knots in stomach. i have burning and knot like symptoms with my ibs is that normal?
recently developed some breathing issues and have a soreness of lungsany possibilities. have had sinus infection recently but got over that but about  weeks later started having trouble breathing. no cough no injuries
my  year old son has pain on his front thigh we visited many doctors no diagnosis
my ringworm fungal culture came back negative. what else could it be if it isn't fungus? it's scaley but doesn't itch.
my right leg gets numb (asleep)after  minutes of standing need second opinion?
i cough up blood but have had a ct scan and bronchoscopy that all came back normal?
my warts are almost the size of my nails. can they be removed without using freezing burning or surgical methods?
what are the symptoms of an insulin overdose?
how can i make sure that i am not taking too many pain medications?
can too much vitamin a cause a bloody mucus on your stool? . i am a  yr old menopausal female. i have noticed blood on my stool and/or toilet paper. the  week it happened once-thought maybe something i ate. the . week it happened  times-thought it may be a hernia somehow? . this week it has happened everyday and today is wednesday. feel bloated especially after dinner sometimes cramping do not sleep well and a lot of gas at times i take a vitamin a( iu) fish oil ( mg) centrum complete mult echinacea and vitamin c( mg) everyday.
do you have to take thyroid supplements on an empty stomach  minutes before eating? . i've been taking levothyroxine for  years. one pharmacist says it's best taken on an empty stomach  mins before eating so it gets into the system more quickly. another says after the first few days of therapy it doesn't matter if you take it on an empty stomach or not. my meds and meals schedule is very complicated and this one thing would actually make a difference for me. can i take it with breakfast and/or with other meds or had i better take it on an empty stomach before breakfast?
i was diagnosed with gastritis i now have stomach inflammation?
is it possible to get pregnant when i have irregular periods and my boyfriend has low sperm count? . we have unprotected sex atleast  to  times a day. i'm  and he's . could i be?
what is erythematous mucosa?
can drinking carbonated drinks interfere with weight loss? . i am dieting and have been losing wt with diet and exercise. i have not been able to give up soda. i am drinking only decaf diet sodas is that hindering my wt loss at all?
what causes bacterial vaginosis?
i have history of multiple myeloma when i get up from sitting i take one step get off balance?
i am in a deep pain and stress due to the lower right rib pain?
can a pulled pubic hair become infected?
ive been getting ectopics whenever i do anything that raises my heart level need your advice?
is it safe to take adderall citalopram klonopin and grifulvin together?
food if im rushing to eat seems to get stuck without a sip of water? is it a esophageal disorder?
found a blue oblong pill in my friends place. he has been dating a person that uses drugs. blue oblong pill with no imprint. not a vitamin. could be linked to drug abuse trying to find out what it could possibly be.
for the past  days i have had an intense pain in a specific spot- on the inside right below my right eyebrow?
i am on birth control. i experienced light bleeding for a couple of days after my cycle ended. what could be happening?
ive seen various doctors since november  in regard to a severe ear infection?
"what is meant by ""bipolar i"" and ""bipolar ii""?"
does heart burn cause increased heart rate? . i get this feeling of a burning sensation that starts in the top of my stomach and then cause my heart to pound and increase to  beats per min. i then feel nauseous and get some anxiety.
friends daughter drank pipe cleaner chemically burning her throat what is best course of treatment? . daughter is under  lives in russia drank by mistake. current treatment is scraping throat weekly. looking for alternative
i have toothache even after applying fluoride varnish? why does this happen?
nasal drainage nose passage clogged. i have something really weird going on so the back of my throat both sides there's these round nods i believe are swollen been like that for months now with a white sticky looking stuff in the back. also my nose one of its airways are clogged from a weird bone which means i can basically only breath from my mouth. . i'm really scared as to what's happening here? i don't have a health insurance i'm currently a student on a low budget! can you please tell me if its something dangerous. thank you
what is ulcerative colitis?
what causes phimosis?
my  old may have eaten some paper. what should i look for?
what causes tuberculosis tb?
progestion only pills. how likely will i get pregnant? . i have been on progestion only birthcontrol for over  year. i have missed a few pills but have made them up and have consistantly taken them at the same time every day. my boyfriend and i did not use protection. it is  days before my period and i'm worried. i don't want to take the morning after pill if i don't need to.
why am i getting prolonged foul order vaginal bleeding?
monistat  for y. i. not working after  days. can i use a different otc and can i use yogurt or garlic at the same time
i know studies show flu vaccines preserved with thimerosal are safe but is there an alternative?
i'm on birth control and missed my period on the inactive pills. my bf always uses a condom. could i be pregnant? . i'm not a perfect birth control user but i try to be as close to perfect as i can be which is why we use protection. and to our knowledge the condom didn't fail.
"rls or not? . for years i have experienced what i always believed to be rls and it has always been managable. for the past few weeks though the ""restless"" feeling has turned painful and migrated to just my right thigh. the pain is excruciating. i am perscribed a sleeping aide and it doesn't even help me sleep through the pain. this only comes on at night. money is very tight right now and i've been trying to save for a trip to the doctor but honestly i'm terrified."
what increases the risk of getting hypothyroidism?
my mother is  retired and living with me. i cover her living expenses. . is she still going to have to get health insurance even though she has no job?
i there a higher dose of singulair for my son? . he is  old and taking  of singulair but it doesnt seem to be working anymore and he has been taking it continuously for a year is he immune to the medicine now?
i've heard conflicting opinions.  weeks of pregnancy what should my wife avoid eating and drinking? . we just had our first appointment and the md said it was ok for her to have caffeine sushi and a drink as long as it was in moderation. thoughts
i have sharp pains in the stomach and upper intestine areas nausea throwing up and dizzyness should i be concerned? . it's been five hours and it's only getting worse. it started slightly about the belly button then spread to my sides and up.
i am suffering from sleep disorders for the past  year having bags/dark circles breakouts on skin what to do? . i guess it's insomnia i usually wake up with a headache i have tried some over the counter medicines for sleep but i don't want to take them forever. the break outs on skin and the dark circles stress me and depress me even more tried some eye gels but they don't go i think what i need is sleep. i try to go to bed by :- and wake up by :- am. i always sleep late and wake up before the alarm rings so i get very little sleep tried reading book also. please help
is it still safe to use a prescription antibiotic cream a year after it has expired?
pregnancy. how soon after unprotected intercourse would one have symptoms of pregnancy?
i keep seeing blood red in my eyes. this time the blood red filled my ees then it turned pitch black halfway up my vision. i literally thought i ws going to pass out also. i couldnt see anything past the blood red color ( than black nearly took whole vision not floater i mean solid sheet black). i felt suddenly like i was gonna pass out. my blood presure is wnl (within normal limits) pulse was a bit higher due to fear but it to was wnl.
can anyone get dental implants?
how long does it take eyes to adjust to a new prescription? i'm having migraines with a lot more frequency than usual. more concentration of pain behind the eyes vs. other areas of the head. i got my new script a few mos. ago but haven't been able to afford to get my new glasses as i have a strong script that requires a higher grade of lens. so i've needed to save up for them. just needed to know how long if any adj. period there is for the new lenses.
my husband receives disability from the va and social security. does that count as income when buying health insurance?
how to manage my mother's plantar fasciitis?
my grandfather ( years old ) was the victim of a medical mistake?
my boyfriend didnt cum but can he still pre cum? . me and my boyfriend had sex for the first time on friday. before we ever had sex he told me that he cannot cum he has tried when he masturbated but he has never been able to cum. when we had sex we didnt use a condom because we knew he couldnt cum since he cannot cum can he still pre cum?
does spray work to eliminate cat dander and allergens? if so which spray? . my son is very allergic to cats. we just discovered this after having him tested. the cat that we have is my step-daughters and it is out of the question for us to get rid of the cat. my step-daughter lives in the basement and i plan to keep the cat only in the basement. now i need to aggressively try to rid the rest of the home of cat dander the best i can. i have heard about sprays that can eliminate cat dander. do these really work? which ones are the best? any other good ideas?
how do i guarantee my hands are washed and clean?
am i pregnant? i havent had my period since the end of august. i usually don't get my period for many months at a time. . i don't know why this happens but it is a normal thing with me. i have had a lot of sex since august and now. but  days ago a guy came inside me. today i woke up and i had bled a little from my vagina but i'm not quite sure if it's spotting or my actual period. could this mean i am pregnant? or do you think i just can't even get pregnant at this time due to the fact i haven't gotten my period in months? please give me your best input. thank you!
small bumps all over my body turning into rashes im really scared?
"is probiotics in all yogurts? . i'm just wondering since yogurts have ""live active cultures"". and there's a new market for ""probiotic"" items. do all yogurts have these ""probiotics"" in them?"
i have pain higher up on the left side of my chest and in my left armpit
does stress cause hair loss
do i have pink eye or just an eye irritation? . i'm not sure if i have pink or not. i am just getting over a cold and i noticed last night my eye felt kind of dry. i was rubbing it a lot without thinking of it and then this morning i noticed i had some discharge. not a lot. today my eye has been red but it hasn't had any discharge at all. it doesn't really itch or hurt it just feels really dry. my thought is just to use some eye drop lubricants and see if it starts feeling better by tomorrow. any thoughts?
my girfriend is bipolar  she is going to see her therapist today i need question to ask him on how i can help her? . i feel that most of the time its me that puts her into an episode i dont know what it is that im doing i try so hard to be there for her but some of the things she says to me hurts so bad that i get mad or depressed like ive failed her somehow she drinks everyday she drinks gin or vodka and she will destroy a .  ml bottle in a week which alot by my standards i might have  or  beers all weekend sometimes she says things like i dont want to keep living or she would be better off dead. help me!
can i get pregnant on day  of my cycle? my cycle is  days and regular
my wife has recurring styes (chalazia) that must be addressed before chemo / stem cell transplant for multiple myeloma. we believe that the previous chemo drugs (dexamethasone thalidomide/pomalyst) contributed to the eye styes. they have been recurring for over a year now. she has tried antibiotics antibiotic eyedrops hot wash clothes hot tea bags and had one stye surgically removed. she was free from them for about a month following a break in chemo treatment and hitting them hard with antibiotics but they came back. she has to clear them up again before she begins a stem cell transplant because her immune system will be very weak. please help! our oncologyst and eye specialist both seem to be at a loss and just trying the same antibiotics over and over. we are looking for some unique suggestions here please!
were thinking of getting an ovulation testing device would this be an effective birth control method?
i was diagnosed with crohns when anemic i have staph infections?
can having your tubes tied cause anxiety? . i am  an had my tubes tied  years ago ever since then i have had anxiety that is just getting worse and worse. i have not been able to make myself an appointment because of how bad i am getting i can not talk to people with out shaking and heart pounding. i am to a point where i can not even go into a store to buy milk handing the cashier money is to gut wrenching and embarrassing. i am trying to help myself and maybe if i know more of where it stemed from i can maybe overcome this.
epigastric painwhats wrong?
what is hematuria? . my gyn is sending me to a urologist to get tested for it and i want to find out what it is and how they test for it.
what is hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (hcm)?
what is an antiarrhythmic related to heart disease?
could sleeping problems muscle aches and fatigue be possible side effects from taking prozac?
i feel like i need to go to the toilet but i can't.? . i took a laxative  days ago and i had diarrhea for - times that day. yesterday i had one normal stool and now i have the feeling like i need to go to the toilet but there's nothing. are my intestines empty and that's why i can't poop? i eat normal meals these days. i'm a little bit scared help?
my daughter cries after and sometimes while eating?
one eye is smaller that the other due to an pink eye infection is there anything i can do or is it permanent?
i was told yesterday that my baby has no heart rate at  weeks and  days?
can long-term use of psych meds cause memory loss?
i am suffering with low back pain since last three years following doctor advice but no development?
"my lady has hypothyroidism and we don't always afford her medications. how/what can we do-without without doing nothing? . hypothyroid. not hyper/ '"" and  pounds/age /allergic type such as: penicillin sulfa drugs wallnuts latex etc! /. . . need. tips/ideas/information. concerning treatment of the cause and how to live through are needed sorely. thank you for reading. jay+terry"
my two year old has hmfs. what can i put on the sores to help with pain? she's not sleeping. my two year old was exposed to hand mouth foot syndrome at her preschool. she has extensive sores on the outside and inside of her mouth all over her hands and arms and even on her legs and diaper area. what can i do to help her feel more comfortable. she's in a lot of pain and is hardly sleeping because of the disease.
have high blood pressure. often times over /. i take medication with little help. should i be checking it at home? . i take my blood pressure a couple times a week or after having problem with getting dizzy or extreme sweating also more often if changing medications. my doctor say's i check it to often and should just not check it. not sure!
does the supplement msm help ulcerative colitis. i have ulcerative colitis. my flare ups are very few. i have a colonoscopy every  years. aside from the  when i was diagnosed each colonoscopy has showed no activity with the disease. it is in the entire colon. i take delzicol for maintenance. i am looking for an alternative because with my new insurance it will cost over $. a dr. i see for migraines recommended msm.
i woke up with back pain and left arm pain pain is mild now but arm still feels weird should i see the doctor? . i woke up this morning from with pain in my back and left shoulder. i tried taking ibuprofen and using a heating pad but pain persisted and my arm began hurting as well. i took benadryl so that i could sleep despite the pain and woke up feeling much better. my arm still feels strange- mild pain that comes and goes and a little bit of tingliness. i am wondering if i should see a doctor or just see what happens?
my husband has a pain the lower right side of his abdomen the past  days we wonder what organs are located there
i am a  year old male and i dont have facial hairs. am i normal or am i having low levels of testosterone? . i am  i have hairs growing all the other parts of the body like armpits pubic area stomach but don't have hairs on my chest and face and i also have enlarged breasts as i am little overweight. but i don't have any problem with my sex drive or erections. is it due to low levels of testosterone?
are warts contagious?
i let my brother and his family live with me becaue i felt bad that he lost his house. he has  kids  &  and  dogs(what am i thinking) he told me he would pay a few of the lower bills in the house which equal up to  a month. i am a single mom with  boy  and a  year old. finances have been pretty tight so i can't allow someone to take advantage of me. he started to make really good money (which i was happy  him) i told him he needed  help out a bit more so it could be a bit more equal but he got angry saying how he is ******* broke and he is not making any money(i know he was making  wk take home) he promised  do things  help me around the house and never followed through with it. ex. his wife talked me into purchasing a pool which i could not afford but. she said they would pay  level the ground he would do the electical and they already had the pump and filter  give me. i thought it was a good deal for all  enjoy. they r now leaving me with all  to do!
i'm allergic to eggs! can i get the flu shot?
is bringing my baby to bed with me -- co-sleeping -- safe?
i am pregnant but i have a weak heartim scared
i am a  yr old woman feeling constantly tired all the time its putting my family on the line?
why do i yawn after - minutes of exercising?
my mother is  and has started to have severe pain in her lower ribs on her right side. she will not go to the doctor. she's using bengay patches and t. ramadol. she has not fallen or injured herself in any way. the only thing i can think of is rib separation when she turned in her sleep.
will my  year old still get medicaid or will that be going away with obamacare? . we live paycheck to paycheck and don't know how we will afford this new health care between all of the expenses we have right now.
i'm self-employed with a family of . my projected income for  is no more than $ . yet the aca site offers me insurance plans with monthly premiums of $  or more. shouldn't i qualify for a hefty subsidy?
bloody diarrhea. this morning i woke up with the urgent need to go to the bathroom. so i went and there was blood in my diarrhea. it was red. not black and tarry. i felt nauseous the rest of the day but no more diarrhea. it happen once. then i had just a little red blood come out of my anus. i have been drinking water no fever and slight dizziness at times. no vomiting either. no stomach pain. i'm just worried about the blood. should i go to the doctor?
i had thyredectomy for papillary thyroid cancer  years ago?
can i go for a  hour car ride after having laser surgery for varicose veins? it would be  days afterward.
can you get chicken pox twice. had it as a baby am now  and been exposed to it?
i suffer from neck pain due to bad posture is there anything that can help me?
how do you measure blood oxygen levels what equipment is used and is it used only on fingers? . if blood ox is measured from fingers does poor to bad circulation in the fingers have a negative effect on the reading?
can all types of hepatitis be spread by sexual contact?
could my  year old's nosebleeds be caused by dry air? how can i prevent this from happening?
what do i do for salt poisoning i live  miles from the nearest er
 year old daughter had reflux high temp bad stomach can it be kidney infection?
i'm  with an overactive bladder for a few yrs now. why? . i'm . female. athlete. only recently sexually active. tests for infections have all come back negative. gets worse with exercise. frequency varies. what's going on?
does masturbation cause arm numbness and pain?
what are the effects of lack of sex? . is sex deprivation. documented. to cause any harm. i am a  male suffering from depression anxiety ocd and panic attacks. i have extremely strong sexual urges but i have been suppressing them and i wonder if this could contribute to or exaggerate my depressive suffering. could you please recommend other sources to learn more about this or any website which offer help to the likes of me. i have been jobless for a long time and can't afford expensive therapy so any free help will be great.
 yo son refuses meds or counseling for psychotic delusions. my husband and i have recently separated because of the stress of living with my  yo son who refuses meds for his psychotic delusions/possible schizophrenia. he has been med free/no counseling for  years. today he asked me if he can bring a date over this friday night. i no longer want to make things easy for him even though i miss him terribly. i want him to go for treatment and take meds for his illness. should i tell him that he cannot visit until he goes for treatment?
woman with stabbing pain in lowre left abdomin almost groin. had gastric bypass  weeks ago been fine but three days ago started feeling bloated and hadnt moved bowels in  days. usually has been  days so i took a laxative and it worked but the problem is that before the laxative i started to have a bad stabbing pain in my left groin and is still there even after i moved my bowels. hurts most when i get up from laying down or up from sitting. what could it be. i also started to exercise at that same time.
is there anything i can do during the process of losing weight that will reduce the potential of sagging skin? . i am a -year-old woman. i've lost  lbs and have - lbs to go. i have been overweight for  years and i'm nervous about having lots of sagging drooping skin when i get thinner. i'd like to avoid a surgical solution after-the-fact if there's anything i can do now to protect and condition my skin to spring back into place so to speak. dermatology and/or bariatric expert opinions especially welcome. thanks!
i am experiencing joint pain aches swollen feet and blue veins around my joints?
is a man fertile while taking chemotherapy treatments? . my boyfriend and i are trying to get pregnant. he is taking chemotherapy every two months we want to know if he is still fertile while in remission. he is  years old.
what are the treatments for chickenpox?
will this mean my acne problem will come back? . a year ago i was treated for severe acne with isotetrinoin and my skin has been clear for nearly a year. a few days ago i used argan oil on my face and it has triggered an allergic reaction. i have broken out in loads of little spots - not big pustules. . how soon will this take to pass over? and does this mean my acne will come back and stay because of this?
is it true that calcium makes garcinia cambogia ineffective?
what are types of exercise should i do every week to lose weight?
is bell's palsy contagious?
what are the symptoms of portal hypertension?
what type of moisturizing cream can i use on my genitals to treat psoriasis? . it is very painful and makes me want to scratch which inflames it even more.
lump on neck spine family died from cancer can this be cancer?
what's the prognosis for someone with ulcerative colitis?
is there evidence showing the flu vaccine may help prevent heart attacks and strokes? . i saw a brief note about this from cleveland clinics referring to a study done by the canadian cardiovascular congress.
what exams and tests help doctors to evaluate or test people for bacterial vaginosis?
does the facial features change of a lady when a man ejaculates insde her even though she washes off with water. a friend of mine has had sex with her boyfriend and every time they had she made sure she washed herself thoroughly with water to avoid pregnancy. she now fears that her appearance features may change and her family may know about her affair. kindly advise if there is any change in facial features
ive had nasal polyps had them surgically removed now painful what can i do?
my tubes are cut and burned can i get pregnent. i am just feeling really sluggish my tummy feels so heavy i sqeezed my nipple and clear liquid came out
can hyaluroic acid injections be given into the neck area
hair loss and topamax? why wasn't i warned of this? . i took the drug topamax for migraines my hair has been falling out and is very thin? i finally stopped taking it but am outraged that i wasn't ever told of this side effect and am terrified that my hair will both not stop falling out and never return! i am currently taking g biotin and going to start nioxin. it's embarrassing and horrifying.
i suffer with asthma the last few hours i have a been getting a shooting pain in my left side?
i am a  year old male and i dont have facial hairs. am i normal or am i having low levels of testosterone? . i am  i have hairs growing all the other parts of the body like armpits pubic area stomach but don't have hairs on my chest and face and i also have enlarged breasts as i am little overweight. but i don't have any problem with my sex drive or erections. is it due to low levels of testosterone?
can a -year-old be given over-the-counter gas-relief soft gels?
i have a light red sometimes purpleish rash on the shaft of my penis. i have tried using cortizone and a lamisil atf. i have had the rash for about a month it does not itch or burn. there is no discharge or anything like that it is just there and it is driving me nuts. when i first noticed it i frequently masturbated at least once a day of not more since i have slowed down to nearly at all but the rash will not go away regardless of what i try. please help
is it common practice to send narcotic drug prescriptions through the mail to a patient a dr hasen't seen in months? . what is the law concerning sending prescriptions through the mail to patients a dr. hasn't seen in months? . the drug was percoset.
i have a stiff neck a stomach that doesnt digest and swollen eyes?
how long can you keep eye drops?
can you contract chickenpox if you've had the vaccination? . i had the vaccine for chicken pox when i was little and never contracted it. however now a whole bunch of little red bumps are popping up all over my arm and the each really bad. i don't own a thermometer and with it being so hot out i can't tell if i'm running a fever. i had a sore throat a couple of days ago but it quickly went away. i'm rarely hungry which isn't uncommon for me and i'm always tired mostly from school and work. is it possible that the red bumps are chickenpox?
i have this burn/pinch/sting right before and after urination and sometimes randomly. see additional details- any clue? ! . it's definitely vaginal and not urological - i have been tested by the gyno (twice) and had a cystoscopy - all results have been normal!? the discomfort has been for more than  months now. i had an iud for a year and the symptoms worsened after my removal. any insight or info would be much appreciated!
i covered meatloaf with ketchup with aluminum foil for an hour. is it safe to eat?
near my vagina opening and a little more inside hurts. no discharge it doesn't hurt to pee very few times it itches. at first it hurt to pee and i had a light pink spotting i went to the clinic they found little bacteria in my urine they gave me antibiotics it no longer hurts when i pee and im not spotting or have discharge but my vagina hasn't stopped hurting
why do i feel lightheaded fatigued and sweat during sleeping (no fever)? . i am an almost  yr old female with a lot of stress right now. dr. put me on effexor and i started not being able to sleep having bad headaches feeling lightheaded and constipated. i took it for  weeks and he told me to stop when i called him. he called me in something else but i'm afraid to get it. i've been on paxil prozac and celexa and never felt this horrible. i haven't taken anything in almost a week but feel lightheaded many times thoughout the day. any ideas what could be wrong?
what's the best treatment for large deep pores on my cheeks?
what is the relationship of sludge to gallstones?
my mom is  her blood pressure is  over  i that ok
for a while now i have been throwing up mucus in the mornings. why is this? should i be concerned?
what is the advantages and disadvantages of a baby girl having o- blood group?
can hydrocodone be prescribed as an anti-depressant? was on it for pain and it worked  better than my antidepressant. i was on hydrocodone for pain after my  hernia operation and i found that it worked  better than my current anti-depressant lexapro. i found myself being more patient happier and was no longer taking afternoon naps which i found myself doing every day with the lexapro. i did get a euphoric feeling when i first took it but it wore off after about - min and i was full of energy for the rest of the day. can my psychiatrist prescribe this to me instead of lexapro for my depression?
i'm confused about modified adjusted income. . is every cent pulled from retirement accounts added back in or just the taxable amount?
what are over-the-counter options for diarrhea or for constipation?
what causes leg cramps?
i had acute myocarditis taking azythromicin worried about heart stopping side effect
why do my teeth hurt after eating sweets?
how bad is a blood pressure of / in a woman  weeks pregnant and has preeclampsia? . she had preeclampsia in her first pregnancy and now has it again.
i had temporomandibular joint disorders i have terrible ear ache and sore throat?
i have blood pressure issues family has a history of stroke and heart disease?
i work on a labor and delivery floor i think i may have poison ivy can i still work?
what is the national financial impact of arthritis?
what are the different types of hernias?
what should i do if i have trouble waking up in the morning?
i have been in a lot of severe pain with my lower back since september?
if a person is in the hospital with hiv and pneumonia can he have visitors?
what causes bipolar disorder in childhood and adolescence?
i have a very swollen and painful finger. i cannot move any of the joints?
iv inserted in jugular vein is causing vision problems and pain in back of head?
is it safe to drink during pregnancy?
i have rash on my leg its only got worse it itches and feels hot?
is depression common with psoriatic arthritis?
our fertility doctor suggests an ultrasound abdominal vessels procedure need second doctor opinion?
how long after a  week penicillin treatment for syphilis can i have sex? . i was treated for latent syphilis with  weekly penicillin injections which ended last week friday // how soon can i resume sexual relations with my partner with out infecting them?
what are the effects of immunosuppressive medications on hepatitis b virus?
she is due nov.  she concieved feb.  i had sex with her feb.  but she said she had sex with  others. mine? . i had sex with a woman feb.  and she tells me her doctor told her she conceived feb. . she told me she had sex with  other men around the conception date. should i be worried since i had sex with her  weeks before her conception date? she also told me she had sex with  other men around that time. i pulled out other wore a condom but the third came inside. could i still be the father?
i have a itchy rash that comes and goes what could be causing this? . the rash appears in different areas of my body for an example a rash showed up on my wrist and stayed a while and went away. later the same day it appeared on my stomach and then on my thighs etc. its itchy while it is present. at one point my hands first turned red and then start to itch really bad to the point i had to wash my hands repeatedly. i work in the medical field so i wash my hands a million times a day. what could be causing this reaction?
pregnant with spider bites
stage  anal cancer left radiation neuritis of sciatic nerve now in pain?
ive been diagnosed with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (rrms) losing weight can it be lyme disease?
how is osteoporosis diagnosed?
i have started waking up at night coughing up fluid and feeling like drowning ?
i just gave birth two weeks ago it was not a normal birth?
had a transvaginal ultrasound done dont see fetal pole is it normal?
recently i needed a tetanus shot at my doctor's office and was later billed for it. . when i asked i was told medicare no longer covered the cost of a tetanus shot. that was in august. what should i expect if the affordable care act continues as proposed?
daughter takes meds for bi-polar and schitzophrinia but is gaining weight at rapid rate. what can control her appetite?
throat hurts growth on feet appear fever too?
can a doctor prescribe  percocet / mg instead of  percocet / mg
finger infection. i have sudden sharp pain in my thumb that started about three hours ago and it comes and goes. now there is a red streak moving from the base of my thumb up to the tip. i dont have any noticable cuts or injuries. i also have no fever but i just feel kind of blah. should i be concerned?
i have difficulty urinating
i just had my  spinal fusion pain right now is all muscle related please advise?
i have temporal lobe epilepsy i feel extremely fatigued after meals is it diabetes?
red spots on penis which looks like tiny pimples. i went to a dermat who recoed me some antibiotics and steriod creams. mid march after these spot had subsided i noted that my shaft was blood red but very dry so again visited dermat and he said its nothing but allergy and gave me moisturiser some steroid cream. now come mid april the red spots noted in mid feb are back again (although much lesser this time). i dnt have any other associated symptoms such as itching burning or pain during or without urination. but im worried about why it is taking so long to heal?
my daughter is  years old and has an extremely distended stomach
lately i am so easily upset and aggravated. the smallest things make me angry or sad. i'm not pregnant i have checked. the smallest thing with send my emotions flying. the easiest emotion to jump to is anger. and i dont know why. i tell me self it is no big deal but i dwell on it. something as simple as someone on the phone trying to talk over me (i work on the phones). i dont know what is wrong wit my mental health. or if i should go see a doctor. i just dont know.
do i have any risk in getting pregnant immediately after a miscarriage?
are testes supposed to be hanging evenly? . my mom told me that testes don't hang evenly i checked and they do hang evenly should i see a doctor or not?
how long does fatigue last with a sinus infection?
is there a link between a latex allergy and hard shell capsules?
is beeswax petroleum jelly or something else best for dry winter lips?
does diet impact psoriasis? . are there any particular foods that can contribute or cause a flare-up?
can eating chia seeds and flaxseed in the same meal dehydrate you?
constant masturbation cause bumps on penis? i damaged the skin area where the bumps seem to have formed. . so i noticed a group of bumps on the shaft of penis on the right side. they are not painful and there about  that i can see all in one area all about the same size and they don't seem to have spread. a quick google search will tell me i have genital warts but i have some reservations about it because i masturbate a lot. at one point i damged the skin right about where the bumps formed. it was sore and i stripped it a bit. i slowed down the masturbating but never completely stopped.
why do my hands shake involuntarily? it happens when i'm trying to do something precise like pour sugar in my cup. it also happens after i've eaten something so my blood sugar isn't low. and i do drink but i've ruled out delirium tremors. i had eaten something tonight and then when i went to bring my chicken wings to the table i dropped them on the floor. when i had to drive because my gf was too tired my anxiety was through the roof. i feel like my anxiety goes hand in hand with my shaky hands. but i don't know the cause.
why does my boyfriends sperm come back out after we have unprotected sex?
what could this be? pain and burning starting in the feet and going up body all the way to back of neck. (feet groin neck. no swelling noted but really sensitive to touch
how many sperm do you need to achieve a pregnancy?
my  year old daughter has had a stomach ache for a weekneed your opinion?
does exercise cause a slow release pill to release quicker? im mainly referring to vyvanse for adhd.
my sister is a nursing mom & has an infected cut. she has amoxicillin and cephalexin. are either safe for her to take?
my acid reflux is so bad i need to throw up to feel better
registered nurse needs teaching info on diet restrictions with diverticulosis. .
i have a lump on my armpit it is growing and irritating?
i think i got genital herpes from my own cold sore. will it ever go away or am i stuck with it for life?
how can i convince a reluctant child to get a flu shot?
what is heart failure?
"i just got diagnosed w/herpes type  in my genital area. should i now avoid sex with my partner to avoid getting type ? . we have been sexually active for  months but i understand one of us probably had herpes from before that. i am just confused about the difference between type  and type . my doctor said my genital region (vaginal) was infected with type . but now i guess that would be called ""genital herpes"". so do i have type ? or does he? i am tested annually for everything and have never been positive for either type. and i don't know how serious this diagnosis is or if i should avoid sex with him."
i am .  years old male my height is . . i desire a heigt of '. and my bone age is  years. is growth possible? . i want to know that by any means is height growth possible. like by increasing calcium or vitamin d. by doing specific stretching exercise. i play football and cricket and also workout at the gym ( i know to pick weights properly lol). i have an average sleep of . -.  hours. pls help. thanks.
what causes acne?
a mom & dad do not live together they co-parent newborn. at what age is it ok for dad to bring the baby home?
avoid stem cell pills if have lupus? is blue green algae a stem cell rejuvenator?
what medications and treatments are available to treat sinusitis?
can u get pregnant on the pill? . i have been taking the pill for  months now and my last peroid wasnt really a period. i bled for maybe  minutes a day for  days. could i be pregnant? i just started feeling nausea and im hungry but when i start eating i feel like i cant eat
i'm in an underdeveloped country & had a pilonidal cyst lanced & packed. is a bandage adequate protection from germs?
what can be done for a tailbone injury? . my daughter jump off cliff into lake and injured her tailbone. what treatment is best?
what might cause me not to sweat?
i have combination skin. which kind of foundation will suit me?
just had a miscarriage  weeks ago. i am pregnant again. is it possible to know this early? used an otc preg test kit
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of hc-jel?
what is rickets?
mupirocin is not working. it's been more than  days and my face condition is worse. why won't it go away? . i've had this face infection for about  months. dr. has diagnosed it as staph but the clindamycin phosphate hasn't been working in those  months. . mupirocin is not working either. when i had impetigo before it was a miracle worker. now it's worse. on my chin and corner of my mouth i have warm and red areas that ooze and crust. . i have been faithful in applying my ointments maintaining hygiene etc. help me please!
which otc allergy medicine can be taken with singulair? . i have been prescribed singulair every night at bedtime. what otc allergy medication can be taken in the morning for flare-up allergy symptoms ie sneezing itchy eyes itchy throat runny nose etc.
 yr old non smoker w/ swollen enlarged tonsil hard to swallow but tests showed it isn't strep or mono so what is it? . i went to see a doctor today but his diagnosis (acute pharyngitis) does not feel right. about  wks ago i was diagnosed with strep throat. my lymph nodes were very swollen and tender to the touch. i had a fever throat was sore and there were white spots on my tonsils. no swab test. i was on antibiotics for  days (z-pak and prednisone) which helped. my sore throat came back over a week ago. i then noticed a little red bump on my left tonsil that got bigger and now my sore throat is worse! help!
does going outside in  degrees after working out & you are still sweating no jacket contribute to catching a cold
have an egg lump on bottom scotum and feels heavy on left side is very swollen and slitly painfull im . had a cyst removed  years ago from the middle of scotum is this related to that please advise
what is anxiety?
how do i remove blackheads from the tip of my nose?
i have athletes foot on the hands and feet or eczema?
"hemmorhoids. does the medication ""valtrex"" help people who suffer from ""hemmorhoids""? a dear friend of mine claims that she was treated in an er for her hemmorhoid with valtrex? can you please confirm i am very curious to find out if this is true? . thank you"
my son is  and has walking pneumonia. is some activity ok or should he just lay low? about how long?
i have chronic shortness of breath?
what should i know about sporanox capsules and pregnancy or breastfeeding?
my mother is suffering from a medical condition of displacement in back bone?
i'm  and divorced afraid to date and have no friends. this happened when i was . i quit therapy. what should i do?
does breastfeeding promote weight loss?
ive been taking propranolol for the chest pains now have headaches and pain on left side of head and body?
is there a safe medication to make my  pound baby sleepy for air travel. we are going to be on an airplane for  hours is there anything i can give her to make her sleepy?
have more than one symptom of preeclampsia doctor wont listen and run test what do i do? . im  wks pregnant and have been getting really dizzy and seeing white spots? i have told my doctor about it and she doesnt seemed concerned but i have also had spotting on and off and have these headaches i cant seem to get rid of. i get tired alot easier than normal and just dont feel right i have been getting nasueas recently and if i call my doctors office they say this is all normal and not to worry but im worried something is wrong and wondering should i get a second opinion?
i have a rib insertion/vertebra problem that give me so much pain?
is it possible to get herpes simplex type  on the eyebrow? . i have what i believe to be herpes simplex type  on my eyebrow. it looks exactly like a cold sore; i've had plenty of cold sores on my lips but i did not know if it was possible to have one on my eyebrow. it is located on an old eyebrow piercing and itchs and hurts pretty bad. i do work at an optometrist's office and the doctor said it looks like a soft tissue infection. i'm just wondering if it is herpes or if the doctor is right about it just being an infection.
i have jumped from a  foot desk and i can barely walk. what do i do? . it hurts right by the bone and it is my right ankle
what are the symptoms of copd and heart failure?
which will help arthritis and fibromyalgia the most a hot tub or a sauna
my mother has been told to quit taking nsaids specifically alieve and advil. can she take buffered aspirin for pain? . my mother is  years old. her renal blood count was high so doctor told her to quit taking advil for her leg/back and arm/shoulder pain. she was taking - pills in a  hour period most every day. she cannot get relief from extra strength tylenol. will a buffered aspirin work better and is it safe for her to take with her renal count being high?
why is exercise important for fibromyalgia and pregnancy?
what are some of the free and low cost insurance options that will be available to young people starting october ?
i have colon cancer stage  i have abdomen pain mri of omentum and lesions of concern?
am i anorexic? . i've been oddly cold lately and very tired. my eating hasn't been normal for the past few months. some days i'll eat a lot and other days i eat one meal. my period didn't come this month so i got scared. i also feel weak while doing exercise like i'm going to faint. my friends have been telling me not to worry. should i see my doctor?
is it possible  carry a tubal baby  full term. my nipples are really tender and i have a discharge. but i had a tubal ligation done  years ago could i be pregnant? .
i want to increase eumelanin production while decreasing pheomelanin
is it ok to exercise when you have tonsillitis. i was just wondering if it is ok to exercise / workout and lift weights if you have tonsillitis and your throat hurts. i am taking antibiotics right now and i don't feel sick other than my throat hurts. this is my way of retaliating and fighting back and be positive and not worry about it. . please advise. thank you very much.
is a bulge that popped out between myrib cage under the left breast a hernia. i have a bulge that popped out under myleft breast between my rib cage is this a hernia? and if so what kind?
does yoga have an effect on type  diabetess
diagnosed with obsessive compulsive disorder (ocd) and depression trying to stop medication?
what is seborrhoea as it relates to parkinson's disease?
what can a pregnant woman take for a cold?
what is the difference between valproic acid and sodium valproate?
if untreated will a vaginal yeast infection ever go away on it's own and what can happen if goes untreated?
is it possible to get gastric bypass surgery with eosinophilic esophagitis? . i have eosinophilic esophagitis and i am trying to get gastric bypass. i was told by  doc that i can't get it done because he doesn't know enough about the ee and might pose additional problems. any insight on this and has it been done before?
should i go to the doctors i hit my head yesterday and today. diagnosed with chronic migraines hit head yesterday on table  fingers above temple got bump got migraine later and today  fingers inward of my ear hit head slipping on the stairs got bump. i took butalb/acet/caffeine (fioriceteq)--po t after i slipped down the stairs my head doesn't hurt but i hit my head  in  is that bad
what pregnancy changes may affect exercise?
can i take tamiflu and tylenol at the same time?
i did xray and the findings are suspicious densities in upper right lobe?
what is chlamydia?
how can i best reduce the chances of scarring?
"my burps smell like rotten eggs accompanied by diarrhea and occasional vomiting! . this has been going on for about a month on and off. happens more often - hours after eating but does present itself randomly. i have tried digestive aiding supplements with no effect. also after a few hours of presenting itself my abdomen area feels bloated and i get terrible smelling gas. after it has built up and my abdomen is very ""full"" feeling is when i vomit. this is affecting my work and i desperately need help!"
are there any studies of vaccines being linked to ms?
im  why is my cervix so high and soft its also tilted. can i be pregnant?
why does my girlfriend experience massive burning pain during penetration? . during sex my girlfriend suffers massive pain and we stop having sex. she seems to have a massive burning pain. this has been going on for a while now perhaps a year and a half. we are now put off from sex completely as a result of the pain and she is too shy and embarrassed to visit a doctor. we have tried using lubricant and we do engage in plenty of foreplay and believe that something else is wrong. we dont have any infections sti's or otherwise. please help
can marijuana withdrawal cause panic attacks? . i've smoked marijuana for  years  or  small cigs a day in some periods even up to . i stopped smoking in the past for a few weeks and months. i quit a week ago and since then i've been feeling really weird. . i feel tickling on the chest tachycardia (specially when breathing out) and an irrational feel that i could drop dead. my mom checked my pulse and she said it's ok. so i think i am having panic attacks (never had one  so not sure). are these normal symptoms from detoxing? advice?
im off from work cant use my hand pain in arm can i return to work?
"lumbar puncture complications. i had a lumbar puncture done in my local er  days ago to rule out meningitis. i have had severe neck pain (at the time) for  days with a headache. bp was /. when the med student (at the hands of the er physician) took  tries to get it in the right place she then hit a tendon. the er dr. asked her if she heard that ""pop"" and explained to her she hit a tendon. could this be why i am still very sore at the sight? shouldnt they have explained this to me?"
very bad stomach pain in the mornings. every morning about - minutes after my fiance wakes up he has severe stomach pains. a lot of times it will bring him to his knees it hurts so bad. sometimes it will subside just a little if he passes gas but a lot of the times nothing will help. now he also has bad acid reflux a lot so i dont know if some how this could be related? i'm just trying to figure out what it might be. doctors tell him to try gas medicine but it dont work well. what could be wrong?
is garcinia mangostana safe to take with crestor?
when i gave birth i tore very very badly urine is now inside my vaginal canal?
trying to get pregnant taking taking siphene tablets and folvite
im  weeks pregnant and have just discovered i have thread worm i cant take any medication as not recommended?
suffering from staph (staphylococcus) aureus how do i get cured from this deadly infection?
is a bladder sling used for lumbar fusion surgery? . i think i remember my surgeon saying he used a sling to keep it out of the way when working on the cage? damn drugs. my mind was a haze.
my mom is a ckd patient and my bp is high. should i consult a doctor for hypertension?
dealing with being nauseous for a couple months it feels like my body is poisoned
had sex with my partner after she got cured from chicken pox is it herpes zoster or simplex the rash near penis? . i went to doctor showed him my rash near my genital area and he diagnosed as herpes simplex but also he mentioned to take sample so he can confirm zoster or simplex. then he just prescribed me valacyclovir(works for both) fucidin and dermacyn. i forgot to mention to him that before she had the rash on her vagina lips she just had chickenpox and then i had sex with her after she got healed or almost but she got this similar/same rash somehow afterwards. hs or hz? ( i had chickenpox in my childhood)
how to clear up acne. so i have dealt with acne for a while now and i have very sensitive skin and i'm always breaking out and getting dark spots. i just want to know what the best thing to do or face wash to use to get rid of my acne
what type of cough medicine do you give a child less than one year old and also has sneezing and a slight fever
can i take epsom salt baths if i have kidney disease?
what is a good basic skin regimen for improving acne?
risk of mixing norco valium and alcohol?
my cousin has severe anemia fever- doctors cant do anything for him?
i have the single transverse palmar crease on one hand does that mean i carry the downsyndrome gene even if i am not ds. also does having this crease mean if i get pregnant my baby will be at risk of having down syndrome? i do not have down syndrome and there is no history of it in my family but i have the crease and wondering if it will mean those questions i just asked.
what happens if you have type  diabetes and epilepsy and become pregnant? how severe are the health risks? . i heard that death during pregnancy is very likely. is this true?
how often can you get steroids shots for back pain? . can you have a second shot in a day or two if the first shot isnt helping? what would happen if you got a second shot  or  days after the first shot?
what other options do i have for hair loss?
last period was jan . sex on feb /. preg test on fed  was neg. but i feel pregnate. can i be? . have been pregnant many times before. this feels like i am pregnant. all the signs are there. could it just be too early to show on home test?
is stress worse then smoking during pregnancy?
does bladder cancer surgery cause impotence
i had a semen analysis need second doctor opinion and more advice?
total cholesterol - triglycerides - hdl - vldl cholest cal - ldl - are these counts serious?
is it ok to give children vitamins or supplements when they have a cold?
can the paleo diet raise my cholesterol. my wife is on the paleo diet and i have joined her (to some degree). i eat two eggs every morning along with  pieces of bacon. i use coconut oil along with real butter to cook with. could these factors be raising my cholesterol?
why do nipples get hard during exercise? . i'm not cold when i exercise in the gym but my nipples are always erect. what is the physiological response that's taking place?
can untreated yeast infection lead to ringworm
i get very paranoid about allergies and death please help?
what is the math of a  year old and a  year having a baby. signed worriedcoldstorm
is it better to wash your face before you exercise and sweat?
would lomitil loratiine albuteral give a false positive for methadone
can hot baths or spas help alleviate arthritis pain?
i presented with pain that started in my shoulder and then progressively worked its way down my arm?
i have fluid behind my left eardrum. what steps can i take to get it to drain? i have dizziness & fullness please help!
 wks pregnant- was in mild car accident. sore back. is it safe to use a heating pad?
can shingles occur in the scalp
does consuming folic acid makes our body fat? . i am planning to have a baby. my query is if iconsume folic acid tablets everyday as prescribed. will i become fat. i am lean now
is tightness in the uterus and vaginal discharge a possible pregnancy symptom five days after sex? i'm on the pill.  days ago i had sex with my bf for the first time and  days ago we had sex again. i'm on the pill and take it at the same time every day but we didn't use a condom. i have a weird feeling in my uterus. a tingling/pulling feeling and like something is there. i've been pregnant before and i remember this same feeling (although not this early on or maybe this time i'm more aware). could i be pregnant? are there any other explanations for what this tight feeling in my uterus may be?
is it safe to use vicodin before going to the dentist. any time i get novocaine on the left side of my mouth it takes  or  shots to numb up. the nerve isn't where its supposed to be. can i take one vicodin an hour before going in?
should you get tested for celiac disease?
my ankle and foot are swollen will it or meds affect my lumbar surgery next month?
what are the symptoms of colon cancer?
i had rash covered my whole stomach now it is on my neck?
can a doctor change a dosage of a medication without consulting the patient?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of citalopram?
i have poison ivy and was given steroids. i cleared up and now i am breaking out again. why? . they also gave me a shot in the hospital
i have an acute dextroscoliosis i feel pain when i skip meals?
is taking drugs while your pregnant considered child abuse?
i have pain in left abdominal for  days now please diagnose?
what does an excessive amount of vaginal discharge mean? . lately this week i've been experiencing an excessive amount of vaginal discharge. at first it was chalky but now it's all liquid and moist. it has this weird smell. there's itching but no burning. what could this possibly mean? and what tests should i take?
i have been getting stomach pain that travels around to my back?
my teenage son takes  mg of adderall. how can he improve his organizational and time management skills?
could i be pregnant? started feeling symptoms  i got my period in july and after. took  tests and they were +. i had my period in july(-<positive_smiley> and even before my period i started feeling symptoms like vomiting sleeping lots cramping and sore breasts. and a week after my period i bled for a cpl hrs (jul ). so i took  tests( on aug )  weeks after the last day of my period and they were both positive. pregnant?
what happens if you feed four month old cereal in every bottle. what could happen if you make a thick cereal bottle every time for a four month old baby?
is sapho (synovitis acne pustulosis hyperostosis and osteitis) syndrome related to other joint conditions?
"i stepped on a rusty nail //. i had a tetanus booster in  after an injury. do i need to get another one now? . yesterday i stepped on a rusty nail while i was out by the horses. it went through my shoe and into my foot about /"" deep. it only bled about a drop so i soaked it last night in warm salt water for about an hour to help clean it out. i know i had a tetanus booster in  after an injury. i do not remember if i have had one since then. i have been told that tetanus boosters are good for - years. do i need to get another booster now or is the one i know i got in  sufficient?"
my husband has poison ivey on both arms pretty badly. his left hand is very swollen. dr visit? treating w/ %& ben. c. i am concerned about the swelling he doesn't feel he needs to seethe dr. but i do. he can still make a fist but not easily.
blurred vision dizziness nausea hot blushes and pounding heart.?
bright red bleeding about  week before my period. not alot to fill a pad mostly on tissue and in the toliet. could something be wrong? no cramping just a headache. had been nausea. no clots either. my periods are usually normal but sometimes not. i had some sharp pain in my side toward the lower pelvic area. please help? thanks
my husband has extreme heat sensation between his legs in groin area when lying down. . none of our doctors seem to be very interested when we tell them. however it is so severe he has to use a cold pack in order to sleep.
what factors do i need to consider when starting to compare insurance plans?
my  old weighs only .  lbs and has had diarrhea for  weeks what tests could be done to help determine the cause. after the first week i took her to the doctor and they diagnosed her with ear infections. she started augmentin a week later i took her back because she was still having diarrhea and loss of apetite and fevers ranging from .  - .  rectally. her wbc was .  and they said it was probably a virus. now another week has passed and she isn't better. no fevers that i have noticed but she is having watery bowel movements about  times a day and is only eating about  oz of formula a day.
when can i take nsaids after gastric surgery. i had gastric sleeve surgery on march   i'm wondering if i can take nsaids anymore. i have arthritis and i want to take mobic.
scoliosis. should i be concerned with changes? . i'm  never seen a specialist but was diagnose with the disorder when i was . i now have bad posture and pulling my head forward kills me. should i be concerned?
why do black people have a different smell?
how many hydroco .  can u take at one time?
is it safe to have sex laying on your stomach if your one month pregnant?
what are the early signs of hiv/aids infection?
fingered a day ago and now vagina swollen inside? . i got fingered  days in a row a day ago. it was the first time someone did that. now the inside of my vagina is swollen. the walls feel puffy but are painless. i cant insert a whole finger in. its been a day and the swollen has gone down a bit but barely. he washed his hands before and doesnt have long nails. i dont know whats wrong and im really worried. what should i do?
do my test results show i have cancer?
does prednisone interact with depo-provera. i have been told i have lupus symptoms and i take prednisone given by my doctor. i also have been on the depo shot for  yrs and take effexor  for depression. can these medicine's interact with my depo shot
i have horrible vaginal odoreven after taking antibiotics
can a nursing mother drink a beer?
chiropractor trying to take me for a ride? . turns out i have phase  degeneration in my neck and lower back which he says can be completely fixed with therapy. the chiropractor said the way to do that would be to see him - per week for at least a year. my insurance only covers  visits per year so obviously that would get really expensive. if that's really what i have to do then i'll find a way to pay for it but i wanted to get an expert opinion on whether that would really be necessary.
"in my job i'm out in an environment with organic solvens how bad is it for me spending - h/day beeing pregnant? . it's a print environment and workers are working without masks (during print jobs but if working inside the units they use masks). there's clearly chemical smells. but i rarely get too close to the inks. i am now in week  and yesterday i also had an accident where i was exposed to formamine and etoxy ethanol - where i got a little of it on my skin - (the pen that contained these chemicals was wrongfully marked as ""non toxic""). i washed most it off with hand sanitizer  min after exposure."
will gonorrhea go away without treatment? how long does it last? . my partner tested positive for gonorrhea and chlamydia about a month ago. i am negative. he claims he contracted it from an affair  years ago and was never treated. is this possible?
my girlfriend has genital herpes but i love her to pieces for who she is. should i stop dating her because of this? . my girlfriend of  months recently told me that she has genital herpes. i didn't react badly i tried to support her and tell her that i won't cut her out of my life because of it however i'm stuck on what i should now do. i love her to pieces for who she is not what she has. i want to be able to be with her but i've been worrying a lot about how much we can do with one another before risk of catching it comes in. i have no intentions of catching it but i have every intention being with her.
when usually do new genital warts level off? i am getting new ones every two weeks!
syphilis but no sex in  years
how can i use duct tape to get rid of warts?
i'm  and went through menopause. i've not had a period in  years and yesterday i started bleeding. what is this?
two red painless and unraised blotches on my penis tip? . yesterday i masturbated cleaned myself clean with a wet wipe. an hour later i went to the toilet and saw a red blotch on the tip of penis just to the right. it is a brightish red about the size of a small pea it is not painful or itchy. this morning i inspected more closely and found another much much smaller one (although its possible i missed it before). it is not as std as i have not had sex in over a year however i am eager to resolve this problem as i am dating and it isn't very pretty.
i have been diagnosed with pcos ibs insulin resistance hypothroidism and a vitamin d deficiency. what should i do? . i was diagnosed with pcos about a year ago. i found out today about the rest of them. i am unsure how these all relate to each other and what i should do next.
what is a trigger for migraines?
my health insurance through my employer is too expensive. can i use the marketplace or do i have to take my employer's insurance?
i am currently  days late for my period.  negative hpts. with hormonal symptoms. could i still be pregnant? . my last cycle was //. my fiance and i are not currently using any methods of birth control. i do have some symptoms; sore and tender breasts- especially close to the nipple nausea in the morning- but i've had a similar issue in the past from stress. newer symptoms have occurred lower abdomen discomfort; almost like a sore muscle and it hurts to lay on my stomach for long periods of time. i've also had strange bouts of dizziness. could i be pregnant?
we are traveling my son has diarrhea and losing weight on anti-malaria pills?
can frequent masturbation cause problems while urinating?
i'm not able to apply for health insurance online due to too many requests. is there another way to do so?
how to lower ldl. i have cholesterol of  hdl is  and ldl is . i have inherited all of these from my father. i am not overweight and active but not on an exercise routine. i am concerned and would appreciate any help!
how does xolair cost if you are medicare? . i have asthma and i am  years of age. i have just started on xolair and would like to know if anyone like me has received a bill. i wanted to know the approximate cost of xolair? thanks albjerryg
two month ago we had a wonderful girl. but she was born with deformed toes in one foot?
im  years old heart rate  should i go to the er or doctor?
how can someone with severe anxiety seek much needed help with absolutely no money? . i don't know if it started here but this is when i noticed it. in may of  i was a passenger in a traffic accident. since then i've noticed i have trouble being a passenger in anyone's vehicle. recently i've noticed that it's getting worse. i now have trouble even riding in the back seat of other vehicles and severe feelings of nervousness when i'm the one driving. and i feel guilty about it because everyone i ride with are good drivers. please i need help.
whats the difference in depression anxiety and menopause? can one have all three? whats the treatment? . she is  years old never wants to leave the house she is worried about everything she doesn't work anymore always worried her clothes look bad afraid my dad doesn't love her she is always tired but can't sleep she can't concentrate has trouble sleeping and does not have any energy. what is going on with her?
how long are chicken pox contagious
getting joint pains after the pregnancy?
my daughter cries after and sometimes while eating?
condom broke could i be pregnant? . took morning after pill  hours after sex. he didn't ejaculate in me and we had sex like  days after my period just ended. i'm freaking out please help
we own our own business and provide and pay % of our employees' health insurance. . as a small business with  employees will there be tax credits available for employers?
does hypothyriodism cause ed?
i have been feeling very depressed and it hasnt gone away?
i have a itchy rash that comes and goes what could be causing this? . the rash appears in different areas of my body for an example a rash showed up on my wrist and stayed a while and went away. later the same day it appeared on my stomach and then on my thighs etc. its itchy while it is present. at one point my hands first turned red and then start to itch really bad to the point i had to wash my hands repeatedly. i work in the medical field so i wash my hands a million times a day. what could be causing this reaction?
does green tea with lemon or mint make you lose belly fat
having surgery and they said to not take aspirin products does that include plavix (clopidogr tb)?
i recently finished a round of chemo and started to not feel good; i have a slight fever. should i call my doctor?
 year old girl cannot walk doctors baffled?
ct scan found a  stone in left kidney (oxalate stones) took antibiotics but pain is now back?
"can a toothpaste be ""natural"" and still have fluoride?"
over-the-counter pain medications and sleeping pills are helping with my insomnia. should i still see a doctor?
hi im only  and i have a sore throat and ive been shaking a lot and slight feaver and a headache what could it be?
i have developed a receding gum line. what can i do to address it?
does hydrogen peroxide kill scabies. i did it in the tub just standing there and i poured it all over my body and i started to see little black things fall out of my skin onto the shower floor and then i turned a really hot shower on and washed my body and i looked at my rag in the light and noticed little black dots on it as well
pressure in my ear and i cant hear out of it. what can this be? . i have alot of pressure in my right ear. and i can not hear anything out of it for the pasted  months. i went to the doctors and they told me that its clear and nothing is showing any kind of signs of a ear infection. what could this be? i am having problems sleeping chewing my whole right side of my face is numb to the touch.
how do you address the problem of life long absence of orgasm (female  years) when it relates to childhood trauma?
is it possible to have ammonia and flu at same time
should i call my doctor about my gastroenteritis?
"i've had three kidney infections in the past three months should i be concerned? . each time i have been prescribed cipro for my antibiotic. also i asked about the possibility of kidney stones and i was told they ""don't typically cause infections""."
what information can you provide about coricidin hbp?
postpartum depression? maybe? . hi there. i had my child  months ago and we live in a different state with no family or friends--husband works alot. i am always so unmotivated. and sad. i would never think or have feelings about hurting myself or others but i just want to get out of this groove. i love my kids and feel no way as if i can not take care of them i miss family and do not hang out with many people these days and also dont exersize i eat fine not too much not to little. can you please let me know any suggestions!?
how long does it take to bake  of chicken? . i am currently having to go gluten wheat and dairy free again and my cooking skills never strong to begin with are in even worse shape after eating a million salads finger foods and sliding down the hill to **** on a pile of pizza hamburgers and those $ for  burritos that are the gluten equivalent of an insulin overdose. help!
my baby is growing too slow is it alarming?
i suffer sleep deprivation through what appears to be electromagnetic sensations?
i will have a little operation to get removed a mole on my penis. how long does it take for me to have sex after surgery? . i will have a little operation to get removed a mole on my penis they will use rapid vicryl. how long does it take for me to have sex after surgery? thank you.
complete hysterectomy  yrs ago. been or hrt for  mo. been spotting and bleeding for  weeks. what could cause this? . i do not have my cervix.
my  old has a temp of  if i cant get it to break how long shoulld i wait to take him to the doctor? . he is drinking very small amounts i am worried about dehydration (only peed  times in ) he normally pees  to  times a day. he also has a wet cough.
what is flu?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of bnc standard?
i was in contact with a methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus (mrsa) patient?
i am  weeks pregnant i am having severe back pain headache for past few days?
can colas cause liver damage. i recently had what i thought was the flu. after several tests were done my liver numbers were in the 's. i don't drink alcohol often. someone had brought to my attention that drinking pepsi max can cause liver damage if consumed regularly. is this true?
i have a son who is  years old and  ft tall and he is on adhd medicene but cannot gain weight he is only  lbs. right now i know it probably has to do with the adhd med but he cannot go off it is their a protein diet he go on so it will not hurt him?
worms? . i have two cats one has diarrhea not sure which but one of my cats named trippy has these episodes where she crawls and won't walk. she will rub herself against the wall meow sadly and won't eat that much. she is still lovable but seems less interested. can someone please help me. could this be round worms or something much worse?
can tingling in head cause by anxiety. i'm have been getting tingling in head burning in the mouth and numbness on the right side of my face. can that be anxiety? . ph
i am allergic to penicillin. can i take amoxicillin?
what causes an arrhythmia?
i used ultra chloraseptic spray on my  year old daughter?
i understand that i can get less expensive health insurance coverage than i now have. but doesn't that also mean the benefits won't be as good?
felt ripping or tearing in lower back when picking up something heavy. what should i do?
i would like to make my left ankle look normal again?
what would cause me to be hot with no fever have a dry mouth and be drowsy
i think i have sleep-related eating disorders – night eating syndrome?
they found a  cm cyst on my left kidney now grown to  cm?
can you use cortisone on cats. my cat has a bald spot on her back by her tail looks like a slight rash and loss of hair. i want to know if i can put cortisone on her?
what causes muscle spasms?
what are the risks of cigarette smoking during pregnancy?
does vaseline really help to grow eyelashes? . & if so i have heard to use a q-tip to apply vaseline to the eyelashes directly and i have heard to apply it to your eyelid. which one if not both is better/safer?
is dizziness a sign or symptom of parkinson's disease?
is kidney dialisis covered by medicare?
is doxy and  rounds azithromyocin too much to take in one month? . i've been to a few doctors because of some epididymitus. was given  weeks doxyxycline  azithromyocin and now more azithromoycin  days ago until my appointment with urlogist. i have not taken this last round of azithro yet they said they think i have kidney stones but i feel like this is alot of antibiotics it's been about .  weeks and i did tell them the antibiotics did give some relief of pressure but isnt this over doing it?
will i get pregnant. will i get pregnant if he rubbed his penis on my cilt during june but i had both my periods during june and july but i missed this month's
doctor says i should remove my gallbladder need second opinion?
bone tuberculosis (tb) diagnosis cannot be confirmed do we opt for surgery or tb medication?
can mucinex dm and z-pack be taken together? . my son a college freshman likely has walking pneumonia. today his second trip to the health center in a week he was prescribed a z-pack for his symptoms: hacking cough fatigue fever and chills. his cough sounds alarming over the phone and is preventing him from getting much sleep. can he take mucinex dm to suppress his cough so he can sleep/rest?
how will the new health insurance laws affect those that will be retiring soon and will need a medicare supplement?
i was diagnosed with influenza a ten days ago. i still feel nauseous and have loose bowel movements. is this normal?
short term memory issues aching head daily crying spells?
dizzy to the point i can barely walk
need a anti itch medication for eczema. i have been under a dermatologist's care for eczema caused by dry skin for about  years. she usually prescribes me a moisturizing lotion and a medication clobetasol i just ran out of it and called for a refill but she wants to see me. we have no medical insurance now so that is out of the question. i am wondering what the strongest itch cream otc is out there. i have tried all the cortaid types the benadryl ones and the oatmeal ones. none of them really worked that well.
is it true if you have a heart murmur you should be careful not to get strep throat?
how can rh sensitization during pregnancy be prevented?
i have red inflamed tonsils with a blister looking spot for a week. and now white spots. what is it? . i have had a sore throat for about a week now and it looks like a large blister spot on my tonsil. now both tonsils have some white spots and are very red. it is painful to swallow and i do not have any cold symptoms.
my  yr old has been diagnosed with shingles he has never been exposed to chickenpox and has been vaccinated. how is this possible? sores started on the back of his neck (itchy) then started down the left side of his back also one on the right shoulderblade and on the the left side of his face near the ear there is no red rash or fluid- filled blisters just scabby itchy sores.
i have had chronic diarrhea for  months now. (- bm's per week) with every conceivable test done. solution? . i have no other side effects. (cramps headaches etc). just the diarrhea. have had  ct's an endoscopy colonoscopy three ultrasounds two rounds of blood urine and stool work-ups a gluten free diet extnesive allergy testing and six different medications/probiotics and no solution found. am now on morphine sulfate to slow it down. possible cause and treatment?
i am facing a laparoscopic mastectomy can this surgery be done without taking lapron?
how do i make a persistent dry cough go away for good? . it's been about two weeks now since i've had a cold/flu and i can't afford to go to a doctor right now. how can i treat this at home? or will i need to go see a doctor for this?
my  y/o daughter has pain in her left arm. what kind of a doctor should we see? orthopaedist or otherwise? !
how do i remove blackheads from the tip of my nose?
what surgery options do i have for genital herpes?
how to reduce swelling in the legs after open heart surgery?
how is bipolar disorder diagnosed?
i have recently had breast surgery removal of calcium deposits with cancer cells?
"if a mom says to her  year old girl ""i love u more if u were skinny"" will it mentally damage her? . will the child also develop abnormal behavior and think abnormally. i have a friend who is always depressed and she asked me why i would hang out with her. i said becuz u are nice and clean and a good person and u love god. she didn't believe me saying that she was too fat for that and explained to me that her mom didn't love her becuz she said ""i love u more if u were skinny"". she said she thinks her mom doesn't care if she was rude or disrespectful as long as she is skinny"
ive been having progressive symptoms for almost  years now doctors dont know whats wrong?
what is ketoconazole % cream used for?
what would cause extremely drenching night sweats fever and chills in a  year old female?
over a year ago i started experiencing fatigue heart flutters weight loss?
"my -year-old son still uses his ""security blanket"" (a very ragged stuffed animal). is that normal?"
treatment for ruptured sciatica? chronic pain. methadone percoset implant no help. daughter's visit to local er for severe migraine was given shot that ruptured sciatica. resulted in uncontrolled spasms turning foot inward knee outward hip inward with enough force to tear muscle and tendons. vomiting and passing out from pain. lost  pounds. down to . please help.
can your organs fall after a hysterectomy? what questions should i ask my doctor?
i have a cyst in my left kidney. it always hurts and i keep getting infections. it is hurting more than usual today why?
"my husband just had his appendix taken out  days ago and the doctor told him to return to work  days ago. . however; his belly button has been bleeding dark red blood and a good amount on the bandage for  days now. he lifts about  pounds at his work daily. is it normal to have this much blood and it being dark and to have it ""soak through"" the bandage? also he has a pulling ""slight pain"" from the area down to his groin that just started."
what could cause a very sudden onset of nausea dizziness and feeling off balance? no lead in not on any meds. thx! . it's mostly cleared up about  hours later. i was driving at onset and when i got out of the car i also had some trouble walking -- fine for a few steps and then i'd stagger for a couple.
can i take augmentin during pregnancy?
i am on several meds for bipolar disorder and wondered if i can drink alcohol. meds include:. morning:. abilify  mg. buspar  mg. night:. brintellex  mg. lamotrigine  mg. buspar  mg
my hair has been falling out for almost a year now. i'm  yr old female. my blood tests came back normal. along w/excessive shedding my hair has been very dry. i haven't changed the way i treat my hair. i do see growth but shedding is so excessive that my hair thinned considerably since last yr. i have used spironolactone for acne  / yrs ago. i have been off it for a little over a yr. didn't experience any bad sideeffects w/spiro. i'm not on birth control. i also have been experiencing low sex drive. my gp didn't have an answer for me. i feel hopeless<negative_smiley>
identify this: blister like in appearance solid core white bump on skin no redness no pain. as an athlete i've dealt with blisters on the common and when they don't heal i usually take to draining them myself (yes i know this is not recommended. ) however this bump so to speak is unlike a blister in that it's shape is almost perfectly circular. i've also come to notice there's no liquid but it instead seems to be solid. almost like something's embedded under the skin. as i said there's no pain or tenderness involved it's just a bump. been there about four weeks.
family history of aarskog-scott syndrome does ultrasound of my baby show hypertolerism?
i took phentermine in the morning and xanax in the evening. i also had a glass of wine. is that why i'm nauseous?
what is black measles. when i was young i had them. now in my fifties i have a lot of health problems. could it be because of them? and what damage do they do to your body? i know they have not been heard of in god know how long. is there any way to know after all of these years after having them to get information on them?
who should we contact for toe issue? what kind of specialist. i got my toe injured before few years and all this while it had been pointing downwards with limited movement. i had been using suitable footwear i just can't lift the toe without the help of my finger no matter how hard i try. it keeps pointin downwards motionless but of late i have trouble walking even my calves hurt. please tell me what doctor to consult
does sunscreen with an spf over  actually work?
the dermatologist says if i go out in the sun after having ipl treatments my age spots will come back. what can i do?
what is an ana test?
i had surgery last week im wondering if im able to take of the abdominalbinder to wash it because it smells? . the surgery was (gynecomastia) male breast reduction
i chipped a bone on the end of my elbow?
i am  years old. i've suffered from facial scars for years. is there anything i can do other than laser peels?
i have pain in the back of my left knee. after walking for a while i get an excrutiating pain to where i have to limp. after walking for about  minutes or standing long periods or driving a long distance i get a pain in the back of my left knee crease that feels like i cant straighten my leg out so i have to limp this also includes a burning sensation above the pain in my thigh. eventually i can mange to walk on it but it doesn't go a way unless i sit for a while. i have taken motrin since i know it helps with inflamation. i also can't bend my leg all the way back because of the pain.
why do i yawn after - minutes of exercising?
what causes infertility in women?
had unprotected sex next day had period but has been very light and spotting now can i possibly be pregnant? . i have had unprotected sex on july  on july  started my period it has been very light by august  all it has been is spotting could i be pregnant? when will i be able to know?
i have severe nose bleed do i need cauterization?
what is the treatment for refractory celiac disease?
what makes guys have more body hair then others
i am having severe pain in breast while breastfeeding. please advice.
i am taking amoxicillan for sinus infection can i take an antihistamine as well?
i have many symptoms: chills shakiness trouble sleeping weakness need second doctor opinion?
i am experiencing pressure and tenderness on my two front crowns would pressure when blowing my nose be a reason? . i have had root canal treatment done twice. i have had no problems the past  years. i have one crown and i think a cap. i have been experiencing real pressure sensitivity and throbing constantly. brushing my two front teeth is tender too. i went to my dentist a few weeks ago and said they look fine. i am worried now though have been grinding my teeth differently at night and it is making it weaker as the dentist hinted about grinding. or could it be to blowing my nose when having a cold? help!
query about taking statins. dear webmd. i am  little over weight but a good exerciser and total vegetarian. even than my cholestrol remains high. my doctor prescribed lipirex  mg per day. usually around one week my values come down well within normal. after that i usually stop medication on my own. on rechecking after about a month the values are back to high again. do i have to take the medication for life? i have no heart disease but a strong family history of heart disease. . thanks. faisal
how can i know if my diet is healthy enough to provide me with all the nutrients i need for my busy weekdays?
is my cat pregnant or just fat? . my cat used to be nice and brave but now she is scared and mean. . if you guys have any answers please help! . . . thank you . caytilyn rose mattox
is a hot steam vaporizer safe for a  / month old baby? what about vicks vaposteam?
what are the benefits of protein supplements with regard to exercise?
i injured myself during a rugby game now have sudden onset breathlessness?
does vitamin c impact the bodies ability to fight the common cold
is laryngitis contagious?
a friend contracted ringworm and i touched his skin but not the infected area. what are the chances of contracting it? . a friend of mine from a youth group i go to recently contracted ringworm on his arm. he was with the group tonight and had the area covered with a huge bandage yet he would peel the bandage off just enough for people to see the ring and then immediately put it back on. i never touched the infected area but i did come into skin-to-skin contact with him during a couple games and activities. i washed my hands face and other possible areas of contact with soap but will i get ringworm?
"is she pregnant? . i am  years old. i had sex with my girlfriend yesterday at (bangladesh gmt+). it was her period time. her period was started  ago. i didn't use a condom. after having sex she taken pregnancy stop pills ""no risk"" which was suggested to take after  hours after having sex. and she taken another pills after  hours. but no blooding was held and also her period stopped. now please tell me is she pregnant? and have i possibility of hiv(aids)?"
how can inguinal hernia be prevented?
is it recomended to take a probiotic with a antibiotic? (amoxicillan)
before bed my blood sugar and it is . in the morning my blood sugar level is at . does this mean i have diabetes?
what are the some of the medications used to treat h. pylori?
"i had my gallbladder removed however still having severe pain underneath right breast area. pathologic diagnosis: gall bladder cholecystectomy - mild chronic cholecystitis cholesterolosis; negative for dysplasia or malignancy. however i am still experiencing the same level of pain than before my surgery. only difference is that i am no longer feeling that ""inflated balloon"" feeling right before the pain hits. please help to point me in the right direction."
what are the symptoms of a silent migraine?
im currently going through a miscarriage how long will this take?
burning and pain in the vagina area? . i've been experiencing bleeding in between period and a few time had bleeding after sex. started yesterday  days after having sex that my vagina area burns and hurts all the time it hurts more after peeing. this hasn't never happened before. i have been on the same birth control for over  years. i have been with my partner for over  years and he only had two with him. i have my pap test done once a year. have an appointment with my doctor in  days or should i go to the doctor before?
i can't afford to buy groceries how can i afford the penalty or the health insurance? . my income is $  a month and that doesn't pay all the bills. what can i do?
it has been  days since i took one xanax . could i pass a urine drug test today?
my daughter is five years old and just passed a bowel movement with blood?
why do my right arm and hand keep going numb everyday? . i wake up several times during the night with my entire right arm and hand numb. it will continue to be tingly throughout the day even with very minimal use. i will find my fingers going cold and almost useless even holding a hot cup of coffee. it doesn't seem to matter what position i sleep in or if my arm is raised above or below my heart. what is causing this and is there anything i should be concerned about?
once the semon count is at zero after a vacetomy will it always remain at zero. could someone become pregnant after having a vasectomy  years prior
can i get shingles after having scarlet fever as a child? . my mother is  and has been iin a lot of pain the last few weeks with her hip; now she has a red rash very painful. just appeared tonight. it has a burning sensation. is is possible she could have shingles? should i take her to the er for treatment? . thank you
can you find out your pregnant in a week? . can you tell your pregnant in a week?
i am having major muscle spasms in my lower back. i have been diagnosed with sciatica?
is it better to drink something cold or hot i. e. water or tea for weight loss? . i have started trying to drink water instead of sodas for weight loss. having had a bad experience where i drank too much water and got sick i have been starting off with  oz of ice cold water a day. a friend of mine said the water should be either room temp or hot in order to lose weight. she said cold water will congeal the fat in my system. is this correct?
what increases the risk of getting obsessive-compulsive disorder ocd?
i broke my tibia and fibula in a snow blade accident fibula seems displaced?
will a penial implant help my situation? . i have been diagnosed with ed for the past  years. i have tried pills which worked for a short time but nothing to write home about. . i was wondering if i should consider penial implants would help me and my wife happy as a more permenant solution. i have some medical issues that have attributed to my ed. i have type  diabetes high blood pressure high cholesterol depression and ckd. all of which i am being treated for. . what should i know before going foward with htis?
what if my therapy is not helping my depression?
i had  endometrial biopsy-both came negative do i need another biopsy?
would it be to our advantage if we look for a new plan for my adult son? . he is now on cobra and uses all out-of-network doctors who are expensive. he doesn't earn an income and we have been thinking of applying for disability for him. however we're concerned that will affect his ability to try to get a job.
is pregnancy after age  safe?
always have a lump in my throat. hello i am  years old and since i was  i've constantly had the feeling of a lump in my throat. i've drank a barium had camera's up my noes and in my throat and nothing shows up. my gp says it is due to anxiety but the only think making me feel nervous is the lump in the throat. i really feel it is a physical matter but everyone keeps treating me like i:m crazy or i'm paranoid. please help me~
can chlorine kill semen inside a woman to decrease her chances of getting pregnant?
is their a conflict of smoking marijuana while on bactrim ds?
my tooth pain continues even after three weeks of rct. kindly help.
does hair fall stop immediately with the use of proscar?
what are the symptoms and signs of viral hepatitis?
is the pertussis vaccine included with the shingles vaccine
is tens (e-stim) safe to use for prostate?
how do i stop getting hand foot and mouth disease?
i have had issues with getting and maintaining an erection. what could be going on?
i am married to someone who has some income and their own health insurance. we file a joint return. . can i use the exchange as an individual seeking only insurance for myself and declaring only my own income?
blood pressure was / admitted to hospitalneed  opinion
do seamen help with facial acne
what vitamins can help with my hypertension (high blood pressure)?
what causes bleeding in the first trimester of pregnancy?
i had sex august  three days before my fertle window can i be pregnant he pulled out and cummed then put back in. he's  i'm . ? i had my period at . when should i take a test
i have full body burning vibrating tingling numbness all over?
had my period oct - woke up today with bleeding. i am trying to get pregnant. why would i be bleeding again? . the iud was removed the  of september
can cokes cause urinary tract infection
should i tell my anesthesiologist? . i have a pre surgical appointment with my anesthesiologist in  weeks and i recently smoked marijuana and i do not plan on ever smoking again. should i make this aware to the anesthesiologist? i'm not sure if they will test for it. it obviously wouldn't have any effect on surgery or anything since surgery is long away
pain behind eye and a stabbing pain in head every now and then. currently getting over a sinus cold. really worried i have a tumor or an anurism
what are the pros and cons of high deductibles as well as high percentage of co-pay?
do you have a good oatmeal cookie recipe. i am looking for a good oatmeal cookie recipe to keep me healthy and good for the diet. possible a oatmeal vegeterian recipe. thank you kindly
someone told me it is not healthy to eat meat that was defrosted in the microwave. any proof either way?
if i had chicken pox as a child (i am ) but i am exposed to it from a child can i spread the virus to others? . i work at a dance school and the last thing i want to do is give the studentd chicken pox.
how does testing for lactose intolerance differ in adults?
how does the amount of time spent exercising affect weight loss?
what are the treatments for pneumonia?
why am i gaining weight despite regular exercise and eating a healthy diet. i am  years old. i am faithful with getting regular exercise which includes strength training cardio using treadmill elyptical stair climber and i also attend group fitness classes - times per week. my diet most of the time is clean meaning good basic food organic as much as possible fruits and vegetables and complex carbs. i do not eat process foods. i make everything from scratch.
i want to know what i can eat while i have a stomach ulcer. my doctor has me taking prevacid for a  day trial to see if it will go away. she told me to change my diet but did not give me the specifics. all the sites i have looked at have all been contradicting of each other so i just want to know what i can eat so im not starving all day.
should i douche to get rid of vaginal discharge pain itching or burning?
i have had fluid in my ear for a year and a half? . a while back had a nasty sinus infection that caused my ears to clog up but they have yet to drain i have had about four other sinus infections since then as well as year-round allergies. one of my nostrils is always stuffy and i constantly have drainage in the back of my throat. it has been about eight months since my last trip to the doctor and about a year since my last trip to an ent however every time that i brought up the matter with them they always said that it was nothing.
besides tender swollen lymph node in neck also have lump in front of ear. presently on clyndamycin. possible causes? . swollen lymph node in neck and lump in front of ear appeared suddenly. was ordered clindamycin (on day ) and no change in swelling at either site. initially had low grade fever. possible cause?
what are the side effects and risks for the adult flu vaccine?
my uncle is showing signs of dementia. how can we get around hippa and get him the help he needs? he has no proxy. my uncle since may after my aunt died has been forgetful repeating himself at a loss of where he is going or how to get home and the newest is he think's my cousin is my aunt. my cousin who lives with him is recovery herself from having a colloid cyst removed in oct. she is worried about his deteriorating health. with hippa how can we as a family get him some help?
how to treat my mother's sigmoid colon ulcer?
what exercises will tone and and strengthen my glutes?
i think i have chronic sinus infection. my breathing through nose has always felt congested for years and i also have bad breath. the mucus from my sinus are often bright yellowish. i've never noticed that my nose breath smells until i started regularly using neti pot (squeeze bottle version. since then i can smell my bad nose breath because the smell would fill up the area i'm at. there's no pain or discomfort unless i have a cold. it seems that i can smell it most right after i neti pot. what can i do?
what causes tuberculosis?
what can i do for gingivitis?
% milk. yes i would like to know if having a glass of % milk daily is bad for you or not. i have heard that it contains to much estrogen is that true.
i got stds treated with ceftriaxone im and doxocycline?
low white blood cells low sugar low blood pressure fatigue and a feeling of cold inside legs.  yrs son has had low white cells since summer and low sugar levels and chronic fatigue. now has low blood pressure and feels cold at times. loss of apetite feeling of nosea. dr's cant figure out what is wrong please help!
what is the name of the medication that is needed for sepsis
can having pneumonia as a young child have an effect on future health and growth? . as a  to  year old i contacted pneumonia and was hospitalized and i was told by my parents that i was in a coma. i only recall being isolated from my parents by a window. i also recall being in some kind of tent. this is all i recall.
will having sex with multiple partners will result in hiv? that too sexual reltion happening aftr gap of -  months?
can i get clamydia from only receiving oral sex from an infected partner? . i was already cleared up with my clamydia my partner just took his meds the day before he gave me oral. did i catch it? . .
can you donate organs if you have a tattoo?
is it safe to put wart remover on a skin tag
what are the health benefits of berries?
i am allergic to aspirin ibuprofen and codeine. what other pain medicines can i take that wont cause a reaction?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of lithane?
how can i prepare potatoes healthfully?
will thc be removed with colon cleansing. i did a colon cleanse and wonder if thc is removed
are there age-advancing toxins in the chemicals that i use to clean my home? anything i should do to protect my skin?
can profasi lead to a false-positive when taking a pregnancy test?
what causes gallstones?
is any one kind of dental floss better than the others or is it all a matter of preference?
i think im having a outbreak of shingles on my head what can i do to stop the feeling i need to pull my hair out? . i have had shingles befor when i was  im now  and believe im have another outbreak in the same area on my neck as  but now its up in my hair as well only on  side i cant seem to stop pulling my hair out to relieve the tingling pain its at the point of bold spots. the other side of my head feels just fine. help what shoild i do?
i had a chemical stress test. many things are good normal or fine except ecg is abnormal. what does this mean? . i wish i could copy and paste the test results. maybe the test results are saying that they performed this stress test because there was something abnormal when i was coming out of anesthes after an earlier surgery and felt heaviness on my chest.
i'm  months pregnant and accidentally ate melted styrofoam. will this harm my baby? . i ate a sandwich from a restaurant to-go styrofoam container. it tasted weird and after eating it i looked down at the container and realized that the piece i had been eating was sitting on a part of the container where the styrofoam had melted. i immediately tried to throw up and did but i'm not sure it all came out. i'm really worried this might harm my baby. what should i do?
what age can you start giving infant tylenol to your baby?
i noticed a small plum like lump on my lower right side of back?
my  year old son broke his femur while playing  weeks ago and doctors treatment seems ineffective. doctors says he has a spiralled dislocated fracture and told us that they would do skin traction method to align the broken bones. . however my son is unable to keep still and the bones do not seem to be in line in the x-rays. . it has been exactly  weeks today and there has been no progress. i am extremely worried and do not know if his leg is going to be ok or not. . i understand from my web research that spica casting should have been done but doctors told me they dont do it in my country.
can children take tamiflu mixed with orange juice or is there something else that mixes better?
how are arrhythmias treated?
could i have e coli from this? scared! . i made myself some italian food and poured a lot of extra virgin olive oil. from all the oil i i had explosive diarrhea. while on the toilet a little of the diarrhea hit my lip mouth and eyes. . could i get e coli from this? i am petrified of e coli after what i have heard about it - bloody diarrhea severe cramps. i know it was my poop but do humans have the  strain or just the harmless ones? . i don't have insurance to go to the doctor. am afraid i'll lose liters of blood!
is it possible to have a fractured ankle with no bruising/swelling?
can hydrocodone be prescribed as an anti-depressant? was on it for pain and it worked  better than my antidepressant. i was on hydrocodone for pain after my  hernia operation and i found that it worked  better than my current anti-depressant lexapro. i found myself being more patient happier and was no longer taking afternoon naps which i found myself doing every day with the lexapro. i did get a euphoric feeling when i first took it but it wore off after about - min and i was full of energy for the rest of the day. can my psychiatrist prescribe this to me instead of lexapro for my depression?
does himalayan salt contain iodine?
can a cold sore give me genital herpes? . recently my girlfriend gave me a blowjob. she had a cold sore on her lower lip. although the sore was completely scabbed over and is almost completely healed. she got it two weeks ago and has been using some type of medicine to get it healed. the bj lasted  seconds and the scab barely touched my penis. the sore isn't open at all so is there still a high risk of infection? whenever we make-out when she has a cold sore i never get one. and she generally gets them when she's really stressed.
what causes hair loss?
what are the chances of getting pregnant even if the condom didn't break?
ct scan found a  stone in left kidney (oxalate stones) took antibiotics but pain is now back?
diagnosed with probable viral meningitis around four years ago having numerous issues?
i have small dark bumps on my forehead that don't look like blackheads. what could they be?
 weeks pregnant ive got reddish ring circles
how can i buy good skin-care products inexpensively?
i have a skin rash that looks like ringworm but isn't. its red and very itchy and spreading everywhere. what can i do? . my breakout started with one bump on my thigh then a day later there were two on my upper body. then all of a sudden the next week my whole upper body was covered in red raised and itchy bumps. i am into my second week with this and it is spreading to my face all over my arms and moving down my legs. i am not in pain but it is hard to deal with being itchy everywhere. i don't have any other symptoms. if there was a way to know what i have? just anything to help thank you.
am i pregnant? . last month my boyfriend and i were teasing each other. he had a little bit of pre-cum but we never had sex. i read somewhere that if you pee after you ejaculate the leftover sperm is gone and he usually pees afterwards. his penis was near my vagina though. i got my period the next day. now it's a month later and my period may be late. am i pregnant?
i have arthritis that is destroying my joints however its not r. a. i have had my left shoulder replaced. my thumb joints as well. it is also affecting my back and hip any solutions
when do you need to see a doctor about warts?
many women in my family have facial hair on their chins and jaw. i have dark marks from shaving. what do you suggest?
i am kite surf instructor but have spine condition pain too much too handle?
i have pain in my left shoulder and left chest right before i go to sleep at night. i'm only . could it be my heart? . almost every night right as i am trying to fall asleep i feel a throbbing pain right above and below my collar bone. sometimes i feel the pain in my chest as well. i thought it was just average muscle pains from working out but the pain occurs even when i haven't been working out. i also gets boots of vertigo. could the two be related? could the pain be from an artery blockage?
i am a member of aarp but have not received any benefit so far. i am a member of aarp. please let me know can i get quotation of health care insurance rates. i have not received any benefit from aarp membership. in case it has no benefit then i will cancel my membership. imdad syed. aarp membership no.    . since .
my father has heart disease and kidney problems and skin disease?
constant masturbation cause bumps on penis? i damaged the skin area where the bumps seem to have formed. . so i noticed a group of bumps on the shaft of penis on the right side. they are not painful and there about  that i can see all in one area all about the same size and they don't seem to have spread. a quick google search will tell me i have genital warts but i have some reservations about it because i masturbate a lot. at one point i damged the skin right about where the bumps formed. it was sore and i stripped it a bit. i slowed down the masturbating but never completely stopped.
why am i gaining weight and have not changed my diet. i have two children and never even had problems losing weight after having them. i have gained  lbs in  months and dont no why. .
i have been diagnosed with adhd. the last two years i have been severely depressed and anhedonic?
how do outbreaks of whooping cough start?
which antibiotics don't work as well any more due to resistance?
are there different types of flu vaccine options?
my husband has a red eye its not a pink eye i think its a broken blood vessel
i am  years old and am currently on medicare/ssdi. i have part a b and d. . i also have aarp hospital indemnity by united healthcare. i also have an aarp rx drug plan. is this enough to cover what is needed under the affordable care act?
does going out in the cold snowy weather causes pneumonia
is there a treatment for hyperglycemia?
what are some other possible early side effects from radiation therapy besides fatigue skin problems and hair loss?
i keep falling to the right as i try to keep my balance and have double vision up and down. what is wrong?
i have had a bacterial infection need doctor advice?
can an asthma attack be triggered by traveling from high altitude to a low altitude destination? . my  year old son traveled with his father from colorado to north carolina for a vacation. he has a history of mild asthma with only one previous attack a year ago accompanied by a cold. he did not have any symptoms of a cold when he left and no trouble breathing.  minutes after arriving in north carolina he had a severe asthma attack and was treated by airport paramedics with two albuteral nebulizer treatments. could this be caused by going from one climate to another?
my husband is talking aloud and giving speeches all while sound asleep. does he have a sleep disorder? . he also moves saying that he was marching playing shuffleboard soccer or even shooting a rifle!
why do i keep getting strep throat? . for the past year i have been diagnosed with strep throat eight (<positive_smiley> times. why has it been recurring so often?
my daughter is  she is constanting complaining of stomach hurting on rlq c/o after eats need ct?
does medicare cover periodic phlebotomy for a haemochromotosis sufferer
should i use a prescription retinoid or are over-the-counter retinols good enough?
why is my  year old goes to the bathroom  times or more before going to sleep?
i took norco for a migraine. can i take nuvigil to counteract the sleepiness so i can go to work? . i've been taking norco for  days for a severe migraine and haven't slept in days. can i take nuvigil to wake up?
i recently kissed a guy that i just now found out has gonorrhea. is it likely that i got it from him? . i know i should get tested but i'm  and have limited cash so i'm not sure what i can do. but is it even possible that i got it from him? or should i just not worry about it?
what is your illness if you have a swollen eye trowing up blood and have .  fever. the eye is brownish in color has had it for about three days and just resently started trowing up blood
dealing with being nauseous for a couple months it feels like my body is poisoned
what is chlamydia?
exercise related deltoid lump feels like fluid. no pain should it be drained? . this will not away and does not effect my exercise routine with a trainer.
i may have neutropenia or lymphdathy need answers?
i have some how managed to bite both sides of my tounge and my mouth. it is hurting so bad what can i do to help it?
the day after my period ended i had sex with my bf he inserted his penis for a minute before putting condom on. . can i get pregnant even though it was right after my period? i've been nauseous and getting some cramps for about a week now.
can my wrinkled neck be lasered or peeled too?
i exercise daily and sweat a lot on my face and scalp. could sweating and not washing my hair every day hurt it?
my children have got measles?
i was diagnosed with plantar fasciitis ten years ago i was injectead with corticosteroids
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of typhoid vaccine?
my mom suffers from gum bleeding sweating back bone pain red marks in her body and weakness?
doctor thinks my appendix needs surgery should i go through the surgery?
what causes lupus?
bp is / but still no meds prescribed. i have been suffering high blood pressure for three years - since college. i wore a monitor for  hours at the start of this year and have been deemed hypertensive. i feel unwell and have recently had crippling chest pain. my gp says these are not a cause for concern. my bp is / usually but is now /. all readings have been in gp office. do i need meds? should i seek a second opinon? . thank you for your time.
my daughter is  years old and obsessed with her weight. is she developing an unhealthy body image?
can i get a flu shot if i'm allergic to rocephin?
i went to the er for a rash was given iv injection and ephinephrine went to dr. prednisone zyrtec benedry still rash. the dr. said i had an allergic reaction to sulfur antibiotic. i have been to the er and the dr. twice. i still have the rash it itches and burns. in addition to the iv treatment and shot of epinephrine at the er i have been on  of prednisone benadryl zyrtec.
i brush my teeth regularly but im not a big-time flosser. what are some tips for making daily flossing simple & fast?
i had a lumbar laminectomy / discectomy on the - around - months ago for some pretty painful sciatica?
missed period brown discharge spotting on toilet paper. this has never happened before?
could i be pregnant? . cycle is / days long. last period was on /. next period is due on /. i had protected sex on / actually / which is the last day that i was supposed to be ovulating. i have had period/ovulation like cramps for about a week now but yet no period. sometimes my period comes a day or two early so at this point i am really getting paranoid. i took an early response test today / and it came out negative. could me stressing about this be causing the delay in my period to start.
i am pregnant and going to interview for a new job. will the new health insurance cover the pregnancy?
are expats living outside the country required to obtain us national health insurance? . what happens if they see a us physician while visiting the us?
excruciating bladder paindoctors in a dead end?
what are the common symptoms of genital herpes?
i used sandoz brand fentanyl patches and they worked well. my pharmacy switched me to mylan. is there a preferred brand? . they appear to be totally different looking -- you cannot see the liquid medication inside as you could with the sandoz. when i put the sandoz brand on i could immediately feel a rush and a funny taste in my mouth they began to work in about  minutes and the mylan don't seem to work as fast. is there a difference in brands? both were  mcg/h. i have been using the patches for about eight weeks.
my  old son burned his leg with hotwater it started to blister can i treat this at home or i take him to the er?
what should i do to prepare for a stress echo?
do i need to worry about taking supplements if i'm on chemotherapy?
can facial creams cause impetigo in young adults
i gave birth on -- and she passed away. i have had unprotected sex oct.    and . could i be pregnant?
feet become numb and cold after  miles of biking. not a problem in warm mweather.
what everyday measures can i take to protect myself from the flu?
i woke up muffled hearing and ear ringing in my right ear is it serious?
can stress bring on a outbreak of hives?
how can atopic dermatitis be prevented?
suffering panic/anxiety attacks psychiatrist keeps increasing meds feel my brain is sleeping?
what is resistance exercise?
is staying a great weight better than sex?
how is arthritis diagnosed and why is a diagnosis important?
my -year-old has a swollen spot on his gums thats red around the edges and white in the middle. what is it?
what surgery options do i have for celiac disease?
do glasses and contacts cancel eachother out while having good eyesight? i want to have be forced to wear real glasses. please i really want this to blend in. i want to know how it feels. i will be wearing these contact lenses that ruin my eyesight for the rest of my life that will force me to wear glasses on top of them for the rest of my life to see. something along the lines of - for the lenses and + for the glasses. if this doesn't work are there other lenses that force the need to wear glasses? . i am extremely serious about this question. i am annoyed and bored with having normal functioning eyes.
my calcium is .  is this high? do i really have to see an endocrinoligist? . i am  female lost  poundsweight . cholesterol is  hdl is  & ldl is  triglycerides are / potassium is .  sodium is  & calcium is . . bun is  creatinine is . . hemoglobin is .  hematrcrit is .  & a diabetic of which i keep under control with oral meds and diet. i take a half tab of lisinopril  for high blood pressure ( average bp is (i take this every day) /) and average heart rate is . thanks for your time.
does high sugar intake while pregnant mean a big baby?
will a urine tell the difference between zanax & marijuana
is this contact dermatitis i need second opinion?
after a tension headache and sinus infection for several days why have i been confused spacey and forgetful?
what's the difference between multivitamins for men and for women?
germ risk picking up a dirty diaper while wearing plastic bags? . today i took out the garbage and someone threw a dirty diaper on the ground it was closed but soiled. i took two plastic bags and put them on my hands grabbed the outside of the diaper and put it into the garbage. my wife who is pregnant is now worried about germs. i washed my hands and used alcohol wipes to clean even more. i washed my clothes and took a hot shower as well. now she will not let me touch her and wants me to get a blood test done in a few days. is she correct to be so worried?
pregnancy after nuvaring? . can you get pregnant two weeks after removing nuvaring? i've heard from some people it can take a few months to conceive after removing it but i am still one week away from my expected period and have been experiencing strong symptoms for about a week now (extreme fatigue naseua off and on and very sore breasts). is it possible to get pregnant that soon?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of meprozine?
how much should i feed my baby at each bottle feeding?
should i let my pets sleep with me?
i have a rash of very itchy tiny red bumps all over my legs forearms and sides of my torso. looks like eczema cure? . i have had it before recently but only a little on legs and forearms. know it is roughly on - % of my body.
my mouth is turning from brown to pink what is happening?
my teeth have turned yellow?
can smoking reduce a womans chance of conceving? . my wife smokes and i do not. but i have also been around second hand smoke pretty much all my life. i was wondering with her smoking will that reduce her chances of getting pregnant and with me being around second hand smoke all my life does that hurt our chances also.
lump near hemmoroid but near vaginal area. i have a lump near a hemorrhoid but it is close to my vaginal area. it is painful to sit crouch and even painful to sit on the toilet. what can i do about the blood that is pooling under the skin and becoming hard?
i have breast cancer raised creative kinase is it a secondary cancer?
i got pregnant while i was on my period. how do i track how far along i am? . normally you would track from the start of your last menstrual cycle but does that apply if you got pregnant on your last menstrual cycle?
my boyfriend has head trauma there is bruising and redness and possible memory loss?
is hpv vaccine concidered to be a birth controll medication? and what are some other side effects
what are the symptoms of colon cancer?
rash on shoulder that moved to neck left side and now a lump/swelling in front of neck. what could be the cause? .  hours ago i noticed a rash on the upper left side of my back close to my neck. tonight it has moved to my neck and i noticed a swelling on the left sick of my neck and could feel a lump that was tender to the touch. i've felt dizzy at times today.
how do i choose a therapist who is right for me?
can you take an antibiotic and a multivitamin at the same time or do you need to space them apart?
my doctor says colonoscopy shows crohns disease need second opinion?
how was maximum heart rate determined? . your target heart rate calculator page claims to calculate the highest safe heart rate during exercise using the formula  minus age for maximum heart rate. i thought haskell and fox made up that formula in  from  experimental studies of maximum attainable heart rate and no subjects were harmed in these experiments. if that's so that formula has nothing to do with safety. am i right? if not what studies were used to determine what heart rate is safe?
my hemoglobin is .  is that high or low. my hemoglobin is .  low ar high
i've tried all kinds of antidandruff shampoos and nothing has worked. what else can i do to get rid of the flakes?
is there anything i can do to prevent uneven tones in places like between my thighs?
my son has a fever of . -.  what should i do?
i have a lip wart and no near doctors i need help! . i have a medium sized wart on my lip. it started off tiny but now has grown quite noticeable and has become a major annoyance. i haven't tried much due to the placement all i have tried is applying tea tree oil on the wart. i really need to get rid of this thing is there anything out there that could help? i'm not going to try garlic or duct tape i wouldn't really like to freeze it either because it seems possibly harmful. please help!
is there a big difference between fish oil and flaxseed oil supplements?
expected survival rate for someone with bone and breast cancer who is under stress but going through treatment. my mother was recently diagnoses with breast cancer and needs a masectomy. she recently found out she has bone cancer. she is going to go through chemo but the environment she presently lives in is putting her under a lot of stress. what are her chances of beating this disease under stressful conditions?
why does my daughter faint during medical proceedures or at the sight of blood? . my daughter faints at the sight of blood or during medical procedures. she can faint if she is thinking about or talking about a medical procedure. she is hoping to become pregnant soon and is concerned that she will have continued problems. is there a cure for fainting and getting light headed?
i am going to be eligible for medicare. however i don't really want to go on it because i have insurance supplied by my employer. do i have to sign up for medicare?
what is the treatment for bacterial vaginosis?
if left untreated can postpartum depression occur after  years? . this person i am asking about has a history of depression and anxiety issues.
when i am out in the sun i get a rash why?
how can i figure out my menstural cycle so that i can become pregnant?
can my girlfriend get pregnant if she is  days on birth control and on day  (of  days) of her period? . we had unprotected sex and we are pretty worried. i came inside of her and she tried pushing as much of it out as possible and i wiped a lot of it off with a tissue. she has been taking birth control every single day within  minutes of : pm and we want to know the probability of her getting pregnant.
slight anal bleeding that has stopped? anxiety? . two days ago i masturbated anally. afterwards there was a small amount of blood but the bleeding stopped almost instantly. since then though i've been very paranoid. i have myself convinced i am dying. since my stools are perfectly normal and i don't have a fever i think i'm fine. but every time i think about it it makes me nauseous then i think the nausea is caused from bleeding. when id on't think about it though i feel fine. is this just anxiety? please help. i cannot relax.
i have lower stomach pain red urine vomiting i have been to the hospital  times they cant get it to stop?
high blood pressure trying to regulate it with beta blockers what should blood pressure be to use viagra? . if a man has high blood pressure and his doctor is trying to regulate it with beta blockers (which are causing ed like symptoms) what should his blood pressure be in order for him to safely use viagra?
how long to clean blood test for nicotine
does a woman always bleed after  time sex? . is this a myth? i never did bleed and wondered if sometimes you don't?
does bacterial vaginosis effect fertility. i have had bv for a few months i took meds once already but the bv never left im experiencing burning and discharge however this is my second time taking the same meds for the bv and i now have a fungus along with the bv i do plan on having children and i would like to know would this make me infertile would this effect me from conceiving if it never leave or keeps reoccurring?
am i pregnant? . i was on the nuva ring  months ago(took out september )had period - i haven't had a period since then i didn't put a new ring in.  days ago i had unprotected sex and he cummed in me. now im bleeding slightly and my stomach feels like i was doing crunches. its only when i wipe that i see it not on my underwear so i don't think its a period. is this like a sign that my body is starting the pregnancy? please help
my  month old son has a rash on belly migrating down towards legs?
i'm  yrs tubal ligation  ago last period came for  day my breast hurt for  wks and vomiting am i pregnant?
if i eat   calories a day should i lose weight regardless of what kind of foods im eating?
my  year old son eats my hair. now he has a bald spot from eating his own! what causes him to do this? . he has always been orally fixated says he is always hungry.
what can i do to prevent osteoarthritis or its progression?
what level of spf should one use on a daily basis?
i have herpes but i don't know which kind. i had blisters on my butt cheek. does this mean that i have type  herpes
i have headaches mild fever horrible cough nasal congestion body aches (towards the upper bod). what do i have? . i also had chills last night and bulging eyes.
how does long-term smoking impact oral health?
what are the symptoms of atopic dermatitis?
i'm pregnant  weeks with rectcovaginal fistula. never had a baby before. will it harm my baby? . i am . i had the fistula before i was pregnant. i refused treatment because i am chronic needlephobic. wasn't planning on getting pregnant so now i'm scared my decision not to do anything will hurt my baby. i also have a holiday booked for  of june so any surgery would make me lose thousands of pounds i had saved and saved for to get this holiday. please help. it is only a very small tear but i worry for the sake of my baby.
what are the symptoms of ulcerative colitis?
i have an itch in my vagina with no discharge burning or smell. it does not match any symptoms i see listed. . not painful just annoying. i had sex for the first time  days ago after a year and a half. i was with a new partner. one i have known for years and who i had sex with years ago. my last relationship was for  years and before that i was in a faithful marriage for almost  years. i have only had  partners in my life including the guy i was with the other night. i am using vagisil which helps temporarily. the itch is not bad. its just there. what do you think?
apparently my clitoris has disappeared. i don't know why or what to do! help!
i had  negative pregnancy tests and then  positive?
how can i get rid of the nasty taste in my mouth from the inhaler?
why would a gunshot wound in the arm not be stitched or sutured? . we took my son to the specialist  hours after the gunshot was treated in the er at a hospital. the specialists office was shocked that they left both of the wounds unstitched or sutured. he bled badly when the bandage was removed at the doctor. there was no evidence of iodine/beta dine on the wounds either. is this common because all our sources say it was not proper procedure. please advise us. he now has to be kept on antibiotics for an extended period of time. too late to stitch now!
after anal sex i experienced extreme nausea cold sweats and lethargy - no other symptoms. was this related and why?
can you please provide some general information on intuniv?
i feel pain in the epigastrium part of my stomach. is it an acid reflux?
i am  years old and my period stopped and im not sexualy active. what could it be and should i see a doctor
how can i fit exercise into my day when i spend so much time with my kids?
accidentally took too much blood pressure medication. my husband accidentally took  doses of his high blood pressure medication. should we go to the er?
i have mild disk generation right lumbar region / and cysts on my pelvis and ovary? area
i have had hep c for a long time but lately i have had pain under my ribs on my right side
ct scan found a  stone in left kidney (oxalate stones) took antibiotics but pain is now back?
i am  years old and weigh  and play sports and work out - times a day how much calories should i be eating? . i lost  pounds in one year and i feel more hungrier than ever.
i've been dealing with kidney stones for  years now. what should i add or remove from my diet to avoid them?
what effect does a hysterectomy have on sexual function?
i was wondering why i feel spaced out all the time it feels like a drunk or high feeling? it is all day long. i do suffer from anxiety but this feeling is all day and night. it is very scary it also makes me feel somewhat tired or fatiged
what increases the risk of getting chlamydia?
have diarrhea - times/day watery to pastey & gas all day long over past  mos. also nausea & bloaty. not contageous.
could i have mononucleosis again after being better for just two weeks? . i got mononucleosis nearly four weeks ago took about two weeks off school and have been back for two weeks. now i am beginning to feel symptoms like i did at the beginning last time headache tired and runny nose i thought his might just be a cold but now my throat is starting to hurt. i don't have a fever but i didn't have much of one last time is it possible it has come back so quickly?
had  teeth removed swelling has increased everyday since surgery?
can post-traumatic stress disorder affect the adrenal glands? i have ptsd and have difficulty handling stress.
what happens if you purchase a plan and then in the middle of next year your needs change?
how are arrhythmias diagnosed?
what is vitamin ?
what do you recommend i use to keep my hands moist longer?
will hot baths permanently damage sperm?
does vinegar stop hair loss in women?
i'm  days late but have a negative pregnancy test. it has always been  days between my cycles. can i be pregnant?
i hit my right hand on a metal fixturea few days ago now im having a hard time opening and closing my hand. i am unable to grip items i have pain to the entire hand and my hand and arm is cold.
i have  month old that has had issues with keeping breast milk and now formula down have done everything doctors say
my ears stay infected all the time they swell and hurt really bad and the ear drops don't help so what will help. my ears swell and hurt all around my ears and goes down my face
i can pay for any health plan. which is the best health plan for insurance to join? i'm from wisconsin.
i have cramps with no period back pain and nausea and etc what could it be. frequent urination at times been mood toward people and fatigue
are lipotropic b - injections safe for weight loss?
took pills late  days in a row after sex with a maybe leaked condom. chance of pregnancy? have been on yaz for  years. i've also had strange symptoms unrelated to sex in the last few months. this includes digestive problems and pointed unfamiliar breast pain. i was on cryselle for around a year and half and had side effects occur towards the end of taking it as well. is this my body getting used to yaz or what is the chance of pregnancy?
its been  weeks since i had my surgery to my acl and meniscus today my leg popped?
do i need to check hormones for erectile dysfunction?
is estrogen therapy an option for all menopausal women?
i have high risk hpv. can i take a bath with my  yr old daughter or could she catch it and if she did is it dangerous? . i've had high-risk hpv had for years and i can't seem to be able to get rid of it. there's a famous french gynecologist who is convinced that you can transmit hpv in water. she says she's seen kids with hpv warts who had not been abused. do you think it is possible and in that case should i avoid baths with my daughter? if she caught my high-risk hpv could it potentially be dangerous to her? could she get cancer before she's even old enough for the vaccine or smear tests to detect a problem?
boy()has bald spots on his head. skin smooth. dr said not thyroid. should we try another pediatric or dermotology?
i have had really really bad reflux and cannot sleep or feel like eating?
augmentin pediatric dosage. child weight is  kg. what should her dosage range be for an recurring ear infection. .
why isn't my baby sleeping through the night?
i want to be ugly. i want some kind of potion that gives me rashes and red spots all over my body for one day. please. i'm not happy looking like a beautiful guy. i want to be ugly and not stand out in the crowd positively. is there something i can take once per day that will give me all kinds of ugliness? . i see people getting rashes from all sorts of places but not on purpose. i don't want to poison myself too much by experimenting so i need help with having a not-too-painful way to do this. please. this is serious.
if an appendix ruptures how long would it take for sepsis to occur due to peritonitis?
been having severe headaches shocking pain down the back part of my head
how is coronary artery disease treated?
are std's detected in a urine dipstick test? . i went to the er for pain in my lower stomach. i thought it may be a std due to a new partner. the doctor said it could be a muscle pull from exercise or mesh pulling on scar tissue from hernia repair surgery. no signs of infection on test results. is this accurate without swab test?
does menstruation affect a mammogram? . my daughter age  has found a lump in her breast. she is going for an ultrasound and her first mammogram on the second day of her period. would this affect the results of these tests?
should i take some medicine to stop heavy bleeding after an i-pill?
can i use testosterone cream while taking ortho novum . i am going back on birth control pills and am currently using a testosterone cream. can i still use the cream while taking ortho novum ?
should my goal weight increase when i hit midlife?
i think my shampoo is stripping my hair color. is there something in shampoo that's wrecking my hair color?
identifying source of new cold virus
small insect bite itching resistant to epinephrine injection pills and creams getting worse?
can a brain blood clot cause low blood pressure?
for a urine sample does a time lapse between when you last drink and when the sample was taken affect the results? .  ago a healthscreen urine dip indicated  the normal white blood cells and blood so i was referred to my gp. today at the gp nothing was noted. is there a reason why this would happen? . .  before the sample was taken i went to the bathroom an  before the sample i had a drink so that a sample could be given
my son had his aortic valve replaced with a mechanical one last year. his l - disk just went out yesterday?
where are cases of viral hemorrhagic fever found?
is zerit safe during pregnancy or while nursing (breastfeeding)?
lupus symptoms. pain on the left side is worse than the right i have fibromygila and the bottom of my feet feel like i am walking on pins and it hurts to walk some times first thing in the morning very thirsty all the time i have had  strokes already but it hit on my right side this is on my left side have chest pains from time to time my colestrol is way off the charts i am not over weight
i get headaches when i go out in the sun. please suggest some ayurvedic cure.
when is the right time for elective plastic surgery?
can i give my -year-old son acetaminophen for fever if i gave him ibuprofen earlier this morning?
hello. i am an  year old cheerleader. i haven't seen my period since late october last year. any advice? . hello. i am an  year old cheerleader. i haven't seen my period since late october last year. since then i had protected sex once. the condom didnt burst or anything and i took two pregnancy tests that came out negative. also since october i had two serious falls on my back due to cheerleading and a chest infection. i was given two different sets of medication for these incidents. i'm a bit worried as to why my period is so late. any advice?
what happens if a broken leg is not ever set in a cast? . a psychiatric patient who is anxious and uncooperative with caregivers decides not to go to an orthopedic doctor for evaluation of an already diagnosed broken leg and ankle. he stepped in a pothole outside fell and broke lower leg and ankle and had it put in a stabilizer boot only. he refuses to go have it further examined and set in a cast. what is his prognosis?
what is the source of bronchitis
can a torn rotator cuff heal on its own
i have had diarrhea for  days. i have taken pepto for it. no fever. just cramping til i relieve myself. should i worry?
psychology: is it healthy for kids of divorce to continue spending time with both parents together? . i know that kids will never give up hope that their parents will get back together some day. wondering if anyone on here could provide a professional opinion if it is healthy or unhealthy for kids of divorce to continue spending time with both parents together. is it good for them or is it only feeding that hope in a bad way? . in the particular case i am wondering about both parents have new partners.
a year ago i found a large lump top of my right breast?
while pregnant can i use otc products containing benzoyl peroxide or alpha beta hydroxyls? what about retinol?
i had unprotected sex and after  days my virgina started itchying its now a week and it itches only at nyt shud i worry
what happens to someone when they get bacterial vaginosis?
i've had hypothyroidism and noticed palpitations after i had my medication dosage lowered. should i be worried?
is there a product i can use or something i can do to help make my crow's feel less noticeable?
what causes gallstones?
my sis is  months pregnant n has a really bad tooth ache what can she do? she is anemic and has gained - over
what is the swine flu () virus?
i am feeling uneasy and my bp reading is lower than usual. why?
is there a relationship between excessice coffee drinking and high blood pressure? . my daughter-in-law makes - pots of coffee daily. she has high blood pressure and gets headaches. is she drinking too much coffee that would cause the elevation in blood pressure? she also takes a lot of prescription pain medicine and a sleep medication.
if you are receiving social security benefits via medicare can you receive benefits under the affordable care act?
hi i had sex yesterday and after that got little blood but i am not virgin. hi. anyone please help me! . i had sex yesterday and after that got little blood but i am not virgin. today morning too i noticed little blood. and upper part of my stomach is paining. i took pregnancy test today morning it is negative. my period is irregular after marriage. will i be pregnant? . or any other problem?
i posted do me and my boyfriend have a chance of pregnancy but along with that. i have really bad breast tenderness and sharp shooting pain in my breasts too and lower stomach cramps and randomly feel nauseous is this from missing  birth control pills or could i be pregnant help please.?
blurred vision dizziness nausea hot blushes and pounding heart.?
does geographic tongue cause bad breath?
what causes acne?
can i get any hepatitis or std from surfaces in public if i have any open cuts or pop pimples? what are the odds? . if went to a public place like a theatre or restaurant and made contact with the surfaces of these places and i had any open cuts or popped pimples could i contract any hepatitis or std is it possible to contract hepatitis or other stds in this way? . what are the chances? is this realistic?
vitamin  shots for weight loss.  vitamin d injections with lipo  vitamin c and b-complex. i was contemplating on taking this shot for weight lose like to know if there is any side effects medical provider said the only side effect is bruising of skin by injected area. i like to know if there is any dangers side effects. thanks.
i am struggling with stretch marks my skin is horribly damaged?
how can i shorten the duration of my menses? . i am a  yr. old woman that has had long heavy periods since the age of . i am exhausted and a bit disgusted by this. i have migraines and am crabby. its hurting my sex life and therefore my marriage.
i care about my skin but the products are so expensive. can you give me some tips for saving money?
is there a safe dosage of benadryl i can give my -month-old baby who is battling a very congested nose?
a month ago i had a uti i was given distaclor la forte . i have had diarrhea very loose stools with crampingsince. explosive diarrhea or at the very least very loose stools haven't had a normal stool in a month feeling very blotted and uncomfortable. i have been eating yogurts and eating bland or crackers and toast. won't go away and hits out of the blue.
i have some lorazepam from a few years back. how long can medicine be stored?
my sister has attacks with severe headaches and sudden chills then it ends with shivering like fits?
i am  weeks pregnant i am having severe back pain headache for past few days?
how can i prevent high blood pressure?
can vitamin overload cause muscle cramping? ( ribs legs feet hands)
what are the symptoms of viral hemorrhagic fever illnesses?
how can i stop nasal spray addiction?
brownish vaginal discharge every two weeks in my  year old. is this normal?
what's the link between smoking and heart disease?
i have been told that i have a cervical pregnancy. what does this mean?
is it possible for an insurance company to cover a medication to treat something other than the initial use? . how can one find out if medications are being tried for ailments other than the conditions approved by the fda?
can poison ivy rash return same place after  months? . rash returned same places on arms after  months since had first rash. . haven't been any where near any plants no pets to come in contact with poison ivy. any one ever hear of this happening?
can eating large amounts of orange vegetables such as sweet potatoes carrots and pumpkin cause jaundice?
i am unemployed and cant get insurance. i have social anxiety gad and depression. how can i get help i can't afford?
cannot get an erection. cannot get a hard erection
diabetic man had leg injury antibiotics not working?
ekg says there was moderate right axis deviation.  normal sinus rhythm with marked sinus arrythmia. ?
admitted to hospital with recurring stomach pains would it warrant staying off work?
i had epilepsy seizures uti and erectile dysfunction lost my hopes with other doctors and herbalist?
at what point do the early symptoms of pregnancy begin? . is the earliest sign of pregnancy a missed period or are there observable symptoms of fertilization and/or implantation that can occur before a period is missed? how early in a pregnancy can the usual symptoms start? . . . . thank you <positive_smiley>
is there an over the counter drug similar to metformin?
i completed at -day round of prilosec otc two weeks ago. is it be ok to start another -day round?
why am i getting migraines in my sleep through my neck? . i am waking up in the night with terrible neck pain that leads to a migraine. i have changed pillows as well as the height but nothing works.
does the frequency or intensity of malar rash indicate a lupus flare?
i am self medicating myself with thyronorm  mcg i dont want to lose my baby this time?
can i get pregnant if a boy touched his penis and then fingered me and i don't even know if there was pre cum on it? . this boy and i hooked up and he fingered me and i blew him. i'm worried that he might've touched his penis and then fingered me because i am super paranoid that pre cum could have got on his finger. if it did it would be the tiniest bit because i didn't even see him touch it. when he pulled down his pants what if he touched his penis there and got an accidental little touch of pre cum then fingered me? i got my period a week early but it was heavy to fill tampons. is it implantation bleeding?
can hydrocodone /acetaminophen (for pain) be taken with ciprofloxacin (antibiotic to treat infection if present)? . hydrocodone /acetaminophen prescribed initially for back pain associated with enlarged prostate and ciprofloxacin prescribed for possible infection though clinically not detected.
"my osteoporosis specialist told me that i could take either reclast prolia or forteo. which is safest? . i'm  and have never had a fracture. i took fosamax for  years with no benefit (other than ""things might have been worse without fosamax. "") i live in a second floor walk-up with a dog and i still work full-time. a medication-related fracture would be devastating. but so would bone cancer. advice please--my doctor provides only informational brochures from the drug manufacturers."
i was diagnosed with hypothyroidism and have dry skin especially around the eyes. what beauty routine i should follow?
are there any health insurance companies that cover provigil for daytime sleepiness?
what to do if you cant get a diagnosis but continue to suffer from chest pain and elevated heart rate? . i have been seen by  cardiologist my personal cardiologist and one in hospital where i was admitted and observed. i was told my heart enzymes were slightly elevated and heart rate was up but they have no idea of why i am experiencing the chest pain or why enzymes are elevated not the cause for elevated heart rate. during my reading i have found women usually get misdiagnosed and that frightens me. i dont want to be suffering damage to my heart and no one is preventing this from happening. .
my boyfriend has head trauma there is bruising and redness and possible memory loss?
could prescription eye drops cause high blood pressure. coulddurezol nevanac offoxacin eye drops cause high blood pressure?
i take prilosec  (otc) and have taken this daily for over  yrs straight?
am i having heart problems or is it just anxiety? . i recently smoked marijuana and i had a panic attack that made my heart race super fast. the following three days i've been having anxiety if i would have a heart attack. i do not display shortness of breath but i get a small tingle in my chest area that gives me paranoia. i've constantly looked on the internet for symptoms of heart disease and heart attacks but is it simply just in my head?
do i have kidney disease?
i have slightly blurred vision numbness in hands and legs?
for what purposes are ultrasounds used?
i am  . in december i bled very lightly for three days. now i have missed two months. what's happening? . i have had a normal period up until december . during that month it was not the same i had veey light bleeding. i only wore pantyliners. it lasted three days. i have never experienced this before. i am sexually active and i have no medical conditions. took a pregnancy test. not pregnant.
i do not remember if i got a shingle shot in the past. would it hurt me to get one if i did get one years ago? . i am  years old.
can ny state medicare beneficiaries use the marketplace to compare and enroll in secondary health insurance plans?
i just had my  spinal fusion pain right now is all muscle related please advise?
my younger brother age  died in sleep. no sign of struggle except foam like saliva. pm sugest congestive heart failure. there was no medical history of heart problem except mild hypertension. he was serving in fire service and physically active. was the death due to congestive heart failure and if so what might be the reasons?
if there is no blood flow to the head what can be done for an  years old patient?
are illegal immigrants covered under the affordable care act?
what caused abortion and how to prevent it next time?
"what is the main difference in a diabetic eating ""real"" baked goods vs baking with whole wheat flour and splenda? . my husband will not eat any of it blah tasting. what will my eating the real baked goods really do to my sugar numbers that have been under control since diagnosis? i can't find the answer to this anywhere and am tired of throwing away food."
should i stop using prescribed saline nasal spray for severe sinus infection if it only makes symptoms worse? . my dr. used a camera to look into my nasal cavity after i have been dealing with sinus issues for months and told me that it was extremely swollen and she could see a lot of puss. she couldn't see where the puss was coming from so she prescribed i take antibiotics and flush my sinuses with over the counter saline spray. problem is that every time i use the saline spray if makes my head hurt  times worse for almost an hour. i've been using it a few times a day for  days and still hurts badly.
what is the treatment for hives?
what is lymphedema?
how does emphysema progress?
what happens to someone when they get cataracts?
i am  pregnant with low laying placenta. i have been told no intercourse can i do other stuff without penatration?
how does chickenpox spread?
can lisinopril cause bursitis?
can i still get pregnant even if i am taking a birth control pill (lactating pill)?
wheni have my period i notice that i not only bleed from my vagina but also a little from my rectum? is this normal? . i notice it more in the morning and thought maybe it was just because i am laying down and gravity kinda took its course or moaybe i was bleeding a little more heavily and didnt notice it creep backwards. yuck sorry. but i really think its actually coming out of my butt and not just my vagina. both actually. i wear sanitary pads i have a very narrow pelvic area and tampons r not comfortable. please help. i want to be sure theres nothing wrong. thank you
does breastfeeding protect babies from the flu virus?
does use of alpha hydroxy acids produce skin cancer? . i have been using alpha hydroxy face cream for a some years. i have a recurrent facial basal cell cancer condition. i am questioning the effects of my face cream. thanks.
i have symptoms like fever abdominal pain headache joint pain nausia very weakness disorders of bowel bleeding a lot?
how many calories does walking  mile burn. i am trying to keep up with how many calories i eat and burn but i don't know how to calculate how many calories i'm burning.
 year old girl respiratory infection rash taste buds enlarged reactive airway and cough variant asthma?
my state didn't expand medicaid. what if your annual income is below $  and you don't qualify for medicaid? . can you still use the health insurance exchange?
what can i do about the dark circles under my eyes?
 year old takes xantaxwhat should i do?
is it possible to have a yeast infection inside your breast?
been disabled for  years no erection. guess what? cilas workes! will medicade/medicare pay for it?
i had a semen analysis not convinced lab analyzed it correctly?
what are the phases of a migraine?
how long does it take to show symtoms after having intercourse with someone who has genitle herpes? . also if they haven't had a outbreak in - years and show no signs of the disease can you still get it? lastly can you get the disease from oral sex if they have no symptoms?
food if im rushing to eat seems to get stuck without a sip of water? is it a esophageal disorder?
can you have pilonidal cyst removed while pregnant?
my son has swollen lymph glands by his ears and down his neck
i am feeling some anxeity again and have some citalopram from  years ago when i used to take it is it safe to take?
 year old living in jamaica was born with umbilical hernia it's the size of a lemon. can /should it be left alone? . it causes him no pain. he says it has not changed in size since he can remember and it doesn't effect his physical activity. he is a very active kid. i think i should send him for surgery but when i saw the jamaican hospital i wonder if it is best to just leave it alone. what would you advise?
can i get a uti from taking baths?
i just got out of jail <negative_smiley> and my girlfriend told me she was  weeks pregnant on / is it possible to know that soon?
does my daughter have depression. my  year old daughter has had self image issues low self esteem for  years. it is not an everyday thing but does pop up  or  times/mo. after speaking with her teacher we've found out on a daily basis she says she has a stomachache headache has fallen anything to get to the nurse w/ no signs of any illness. she'll make comments: she hates herself her schoolwork has suffered etc. i was diagnosed with bipolar disorder  years ago and have medication. does my daughter have depression?
what causes paget's disease?
i have a thick heavy almost yellow discharge some itching. also  days late getting my period. infection or pregnant?
hi i'm  last year myself and my ex split up we have a child together but wen we finished we stopped talking so my parents collected my child for me to see him then the start of this year we started seen each other again but last week she told me she is seen someone and is now telling me leave her alone i'm very down on myself and i'm feeling very depressed my buddies just keep saying get over it but icant since i love this girl we were engaged and were living wit each other but now i don't know wat to do
will drinking diet soda affect my concerta medication?
 yr old daughter gets dizzy and will be for hours. today it was sudden and got very pale. where she stays during the day called me to say they were making brownie and she was stirring them up with a mixer and all of a sudden she had to go lay down because she was really dizzy. she was very pale after lying with her feet up and drinking some water she felt a little better not dizzy but not great either. she does wear glasses as of october of last year and she has started her menstral cycle
is my vitamin d of  to low i am ? . my dr said my vitamin d is a little low - and that is all he said about that.
can diabetes or my metformin cause high cholesterol? i was taking prevastatin but my cholesterol is very high. i also had a big steak dinner the night before the test could that make a difference? it confuses me because i eat oatmeal once or twice a day which is supposed to help lower cholesterol plus i am on pravastatin. my doctor just switched me back to simvastatin but i am very concerned. i have a peanut butter sandwich and a half with my breakfast each morning would that make my cholesterol skyrocket?
passed out sometime after falling – dizziness and blurred vision?
i have boils all over my scalp and i could see pus coming out of it?
what is an icsi (intracytoplasmic sperm injection)?
in the winter dry hands that split at the tips why? . i have terrible hands in the winter months summer they are fine. the fingers around the nail cracks open and its like a small cut having to type at work i have to put band aids on each finger and its so painful. sleep at night with gloves lotion neosporin etc nothing seems like its getting worse. any suggestions please! i do have a low thyroid but have been on regular meds for a longtime so its at normal levels. thanks gail of cincinnati ohio
can vitamins interfere with any prescription medications?
my boyfriend ejaculated inside my vagina but im not pregnant is something wrong? . i was haveing sex witrh my boyfriend and he ejaculated in me no trying to pull out or anything. i was happy that i turned out not to be preg but it got me thinkin is something wrong with my lady parts?
why do i have bloody drainage from my ear? . i had a brain tumor a few years back and had surgery to remove it. they went in through the ear. i normally have a yellow discharge from it. today it was blood. what could be the cause?
are apple cider supplements effective in lowering blood sugar and ldl cholesterol?
i have sever stomach pains and diarrhea scared to eat anything?
is low body temperature and lethargy dangerous for an over weight toddler with down syndrome?
do i fast for a cholesterol test
are there any natural topical pain relievers for a toothache? i've heard that oil of clove can help.
i had intercourse with  men. i took a pregnancy test on may   after my period was late about  days and it was positive. i went to get my  sonogram on july   and the doctor told me i was  weeks pregnant. i had sexual intercourse with a guy at the end of march  and twice with my ex bf from mid to late april. what are the possibilities of this baby being the guys i had intercourse with in march shouldn't i be further along in the pregnancy like  weeks or so if its his?
what is hepatitis c?
the doctor diagnosed me with epididymitis and prescribed me with a course of doxycycline for  days?
for years i have been suffering with itchy toes. my toes are currently all inflamed from scratching. what can i use?
if a women has a uti is it contagious to a man she has had sexual intercourse with?
how can i prevent future athlete's foot infections?
despite regular cardio exercise and eating healthy i can't seem to lose weight? . okay maybe i can't lose weight is misleading but i am losing muscle and gaining fat. my exercise includes running for an hour at least four times a week for over a month and eating includes eating salads eggs fruits and white meats like chicken (and none of the junk i won't even allow myself cheat days). in spite of the fact that i have lost  i don't look any thinner. in fact i've gained fat and it's becoming increasingly harder to continue keep the same running time and pace.
i have been through so many tests and surgery and have gotten worse?
how is toxoplasmosis during pregnancy treated?
i had a bad fall pain is still the same?
hiv test is non reactive is further testing required?
my father has paralysis in his left leg is in pain?
how can you tell the difference between kidney stone pain and appendix pain?
how safe is taking osteo bi-flex with the many fibromyalgia medications and pain meds i take?
how many renal arteries go to one kidney
i have a rash on my face?
i have small red bumps on my inner thigh and part of my butt. cortisone cream and benzoyl peroxide didn't work. help!
is zumba dance a good exercise?
period isnt due for another  days but today she found little bit of orangie blood but normal cramps. i had sex about  week ago we used a condom and made sure it didn't burst or have any holes or anything. but my period isnt due for another  days and i have some small orangy marks of blood and cramps. what could it be?
will i be fined for failing to buy health insurance? i am  and make $  a year.
could accutane be the cause of an ovarian cyst? . i was taken accutane for my acne a couple of years ago. my acne has cleared but now i have an ovarian cyst. could accutane had something to do with it? i am in my early twenties.
can my urine be red like blood after eating beets or should i go to the doctor?
lost some hearing (at about %) in my left ear will this become permanent?
should my husband get a rabies shot if i were bitten by a stray cat? . i was bitten by a stray cat we're on a base in turkey. i waited the  days to see if the cat had rabies symptoms myself instead of having her captured and killed and even though she shows no traditional signs of rabies i'm now receiving the shots. should my husband also be getting the shots since rabies is transmitted by saliva? i haven't seen anything giving any information on whether it could be spread in human saliva or not so should he get the shots? please give a clear answer.
my face is very dry from an allergic reaction. should i let it heal naturally without moisturizing? . i am recovering from an allergic reaction that i think resulted from contact with gasoline fumes. my whole neck became red and swollen as did my cheeks. it has been a week and the redness in both areas have subsided but my cheeks remain extremely dry. i applied aloe and oatmeal to try to remedy the swelling and drying. the swelling has gone down but the dryness continues to be persistent. should i let it alone and heal naturally?
what causes bacterial vaginosis?
how long do i need to keep my broken toe buddy taped?
diagnosed with a benign ovarian cyst around  clinic wants to do full hysterectomy need second opinion?
can whooping cough be severe?
what increases the risk of getting osteoarthritis?
can taking the flu shot  -  minutes before taking blood test result in a higher than normal white blood cell count?
does drinking during pregnancy cause fetal alcohol syndrome?
what's wrong with me? i have symptoms of paranoid maladptive daydreaming anxiety disorder. i think i'm paranoid i have most symptoms of it i also have this maladaptive daydreaming and usually about sad stories where i always cry i oftenly do lucid dreaming i have anxiety disorder i feel shortness of breath and rapid heartbeat always. i don't know if i am traumatized but i never thought of having suicide never. are these just the effect stress? i thought everytime i'm going crazy already. i wanna know what's wrong with me? thank you for answering and i think i also need advices
im on triquilar for  months and ive been having unprotected sex with my fiancé and we're both healthy. everyone said that triquilar ed causes loss of libido but its been burning me down there after sex everytime. is it part of loss of libido. is it cause of the pill? should i change it? . thanks
can shingles cause respiratory disease. i have been diagnosed with shingles and now have a sore throat nasal congestion and coughing. are they related or coincidental?
does ibs lead to crohn's disease or ulcerative colitis?
does coffee stunt your growth?
regular  day cycle im  days late test negative weve been trying for years to have another baby whats wrong with me? . i did drink alot of fluids before the test trying to make myself use the bathroom. ive seen  different dr. s they all say they dont know whats wrong why i cant concieve my husbands had a sperm count done hes got good fertility but we been tracking ovulation we have a very active sex life besides trying to have another baby. our son is now  and weve been trying for  years. please help!
is there any help for those of us that are offered insurance through our employer but it's still too expensive. i get my insurance through my pension program and they offer insurance for my husband and kids but at full cost. because of that i can't get subsidies through the marketplace for my husband and kids. now my insurance for my dependents has gone up % and is taking up % of my income. the insurance is not very good. is there no subsidies for those of us in this position. i earn too much for medicaid and too little to pay this for very long. it seems as if i'm being left out in the cold.
after stopping my depo shot my first cylce was normal but i skipped one and now am spotting every three days? . my last shot was in aug and my normal cycle was in nov. i skipped one in dec and now i will spot for a few days and then stop for about three and then my cramps and spotting come back.
should an infected bartholin cyst be drained
i have a speaking disorder is there surgery or medication that can help?
i am on coumadin and have a hernia. is it safe to have sex?
my son was given penicillin after his gf had prenatal ck up. gf had discharge something in iv dur. labor. what for? . she asked me several times while she was pregnant if it was normal to have lots of discharge clumps of it i thought it may have been her mucous plug but upon an exam a few days after asking me her plug was still intact. she said she had the discharge for a while and seemed to leek a lot. like running down her legs leaving wet spots on bed ect. then she tells me that they have to put something in her iv when she goes into labor to prevent the baby from being infected claims she doesn't know
"spotting before last mentruation. two weeks before period having increased discharge swollen tender breasts. pregnant? . on pill. spotted before last period. two weeks before period currently and experiencing increased white discharge and swollen tender breasts (feel like ""water balloons"")."
what is athlete's foot?
i have lower back pain been to chiropractor doctor and physical therapist nothing helps?
pain in knee hip right leg. need key-hole surgery?
what type of arthritis affects the skin. i see raised bumps and small scabs. i'm told arthritis. never heard of this
what exact size portions are you suppose to eat after gastric bypass surgery? .
is there a natural way to grow hair?
i needed the toilet but instead of stool there was a lot of blood?
for a while know i have always had either constipation or diarrhea and in pain - i also suffer anxiety and panic attacks. can anyone help or tell me what i should do? <negative_smiley><negative_smiley>
do i have melanoma. how likely is it that this is melanoma?
can i take one vicodin prior to a dental appointment involving injection of novocaine and drilling? . i have problems with novocaine injections. can i take a vicodin prior to going to the dentist?
why does my nose bleed for no reason? . my nose will bleed after i wash my face which i do gently in the shower. and sometimes it will start to bleed when i'm just sitting watching tv. it's always on the left side. i'm puzzled by this. what could be causing this?
my friend slept over that had fever blisters. i have a burning feeling on my lips. i'm only  this could ruin me. im only  years old. i ve gone through enough in my life and i don t need this added. i didn t make any direct contact with her and i washed my hands frequently. i even washed the pillow she slept on. now my lips are burning and i read that s an early sign of fever blisters. i m freaking out and i have this burning pain in my lips. it ll ruin my love life. i drink after my siblings i kiss my grandparents i like to stay on top of school and now i can see my life having this giant burden in it.
i have been sick with colds strep throat bronchitis most of the semester?
can bipolar affect decision making
epigastric painwhats wrong?
is there a cream i can buy in the us for genital warts when the warts are on the tip of the opening to my urethra? . have tried cryo freezing at doctor (works but they return) and lazer (same). traveling to the us for  months on business and need something just so that if they get too big i can contain them atleast! can not use doctor to freeze away as it would be really expensive for a non-citizen. warts are not all the way inside my urethra just on the tip. if i stretch my foreskin back and reveal the entire penishead the warts are at the bottom right before the urethra.
can you smoke while using nicoderm patches
 year old girl – joints always ache shoot pain and click its ruining my life
can hypothyroid disease lead to diabetes?
what is chickenpox?
i have burning sensations on my chest and whole body had false diagnosis need second opinion?
i ache all the time mostly my neck shoulders arms and hands and tired all the time. bloodwork came back good
my lips have become severely chapped. i have applied vitamin e but it isnt working. can you give me any advice? . its not the infrequent normal kind of chapping. its lasts for weeks and looks like a lot of dry dead skin on my lips.
i am a week late with my period i took a test it says no but i have  of the eight signs so am i pragnant. i had a period in sept  had a period oct  and nothing this month i am a week late with my first pragnancy it didnt show up till i was  wks with my first miscarage i was  wks with my son i was  wks and with the last one that i miscarried was about  wks so i dont now what to do
im afraid i cant carry out my pregnancy what should i do?
what is bacterial vaginosis?
my heart races faster than i can count. i get very dizzy cant see. my chest hurts and burns. this last for -  min
what is the treatment for bacterial vaginosis?
what are the types of denture adhesives?
i keep getting attacks i sweat and get hot then i start the cold chills?
i am experiencing spotting cramping and frequency in urination but i feel a jolt of pain when i pee. my last period ended december  and the symptoms started on the . my husband and i are trying to get pregnant and had sex on the  but i'm wondering if its an infection instead of early signs of pregnancy.
i have been taking depo shot but i have been having unprotected sex can i still get pregnant while on depo shot
i do not have a very good drug plan. it is separate from my health care plan. does this marketplace have drug plan insurance?
how can i manage fatigue during pregnancy?
i am on lisinopril.  mg dermatologist recently prescribed.  mg of spironolactone. is this safe?
msra on the breast i got the mrsa infection from cleaning motel rooms when should i be able to go back to work. do i need to worry about losing it
last night at  my daugter that is  yrs old had a fever of  gave tylenol then again at  am she had a fever again. and it was .  gave more tylenol and then now at  its  but she say she is really really cold and she has been saying she been cold for a long time like a week now
my husband currently has shingles how can i prevent myself and  year old from getting it?
what does it mean when you exercise and sweat and then begin to itch?
have copd with recent onset of heavy night sweats. why? . recovering from pneumonia.
my babys arms measure  weeks behind and her legs  weeks behind?
i was told im severely allergic to beef eggs milk almonds wheat and rabbit brush as well as  other things?
i had a bad fall pain is still the same?
had a stroke on the brain in  its  i cant get no more than  hours of sleep a day?
im on the depo shot and iv been spotting almost every day for the last  months what could be wrong?
my husband gets fevers a lot more often than me when he has a cold. fever very rare for me. why? . he gets sick a bit more frequently than me too and also had about  surgeries as a pre-teen for barrett's oesophagus but has been cleat of that for almost  years. he does have higher levels of stress and anxiety in daily life than me though.
hi is gallbladder cancer a common disease? also is it possible to have it detected early enough to be cured? . my mother had a few episodes of vomiting over the last few weeks and also lost about  pounds during the last two years without really trying to do so. she had bloodwork done last week and had an ultrasound performed this tuesday. she received a call from her primary care physician yesterday (wednesday) asking her to come in so her doctor can review the results with her. i'm obviously nervous since the results were provided to her physician so quickly. is this normal turn around time?
will sex hurt your kidney if you only have one kidney. my wife had cancer and had one kidney removed and a small part of another. will having sexual activity hurt the one kidney she has remaining?
my  levels are at toxicity levels what is wrong?
my wife can't get rid of hives. my wife has been with hives for about three years now; every day she takes medicine for them. we have tried everything to see if she could contain them so she can have a better life. nothing has worked. we have even thought about moving to a different home because she thinks maybe something inside the home is making her get the hives. she gets them so bad that her lips eyes shut close. doctors can't find anything wrong specialist skin doctors nothing. can anyone help? . thank you in advance.
"""good eats for guys"" claims baked potato as a source of vitamin c - but vitamin c disintegrates at  degrees celcius!"
arogyam package test result shows imbalance in homocystein level and vitamin  and  levels are very low?
does my mri finding suggest ms? is a lp or second episode/mri still needed for diagnosis?
can severe varicose veins (verified by ultrasound) that appear in the scrotum cause erectile dysfunction?
if you have been exposed to hepatitis a how long are you contagious?
why do i get red spots on the edges of my lips after i've exercised? . i get a few red spots on the edges of my lips after i've done a lot of cardio and gotten really hot. it seems like they are in the spots where i have had cold sores in the past maybe where they have scarred or something. they pretty much only show up after a good exercise. on a regular basis and before exercise these spots seem to be less-pigmented (less lip-colored) like how tiny scars might look.
i have abdominal pains legs are numb and weak can you help me
i'm an overweight  year old girl. will i still be overweight when i become an adult? . i have been in the acceptable range my whole life except for this year. i have more curves than any other teenager. i have boobs and the butt. other than that i look fine. is there any advice on how i can lose weight? i'm currently  and . i have gained  the past year. please help. thank you.
why is there currently no financial help when buying health insurance for a single person that makes less than $ ? . does that mean no tax help as well?
can gallstones return after gallbladder removal. is it possible to get gallstones eventhough i have had my gallbladder removed some years ago?
my  y/o has been complaining for the last  months tummy ache/pain of the abdomen (around the navel area)/slightly swollen abdomen/discomfort when eating (will only eat a few bites)?
what causes the creases around my smile?
symptoms are similar to angina tests all ok doctors are stumped could it be coronary microvascular disease?
what do hives look like when they start to clear up?
i have a speaking disorder is there surgery or medication that can help?
we are trying for  baby fertility consultation has not worked?
are frozen vegetables like french cut beans and peas good for health?
what is the best exercise for losing weight?
i usually eat meat substitutes like tofu or seitan. do i need to eat meat instead while pregnant?
i have been feeling extremely exhausted and unable to do basic tasks need advice?
how do i get my  year old to eat vegetables? . she is a picky eater to begin with but i have tried letting her pick out the veggies when we shop and help me prepare them. i have tried steaming blanching saute and raw. i just don't want veggies to be a battle. i'm afraid she will never eat them.
i read conflicting views on the internet. do bananas increase belly fat?
would a gluten-free diet be beneficial to a person with type- diabetes? . i have changed my diet considerably since being diagnosed with type  diabetes however i talked with several other type  diabetics that have gone to gluten free diet and they say they feel so much better have less soreness in their feet and have more energy. i am curious if i should try going gluten free or if i should discuss this with my doctor first. are there advantages of a gluten free diet for diabetics?
how early can you tell gender? . using a  ultrasound how early can you tell the gender of your baby? can you tell at  weeks along?
can a woman lactate without being pregnant? ive started lactating but ive had sevral (-) test results
i had pains when swallowing tired when exerting with unbearable pain. on and off?
im getting very bad bruising all over safe to inject clexane in bruise?
i am  year teen boy. i have been getting acne on my face from last  years. what should i do? . well i am getting acne on my face continuously. i tried various products but none of them worked.  years i have been through this. i also have problem of more than average sweating. are they interrelated? what should i do to stop acne?
what would cause pain in abdoman and mid-back area streching or taking deep breaths after gallbladder removal surgery? . surgery was three weeks ago there were no complications mostly healed nothing went wrong with the surgery.
what are the symptoms of lactose intolerance?
does exercise really boost immunity?
can u still get pregnant with a tilted cervix? . i have a tilted cervix could i still get pregnant?
"am i close to being done growing? i am  years old ' with a size  shoe. i am going to be  years old in early july and i am currently '"" with a size  foot. my pediatrician predicted my height to be '. "" are these predictions accurate? about how many inches more will i grow?"
i have a stye eyelid that has been there for at least a year could it be causing irritation with my contact lense
i currently have severe pain in the right side of my pelvic area and i am dizzy. i currently have severe pain in the right side of my pelvic area and goes into my side and i am dizzy and get nauseaous from the dizziness. the room just feels like it keeps spinning and my eyes are hard to focus on things. i have been diagnosised with ovarian cysts and endometrosis. i'm not sure if the dizziness has anything to do with it. i don't have insurance to go to dr so i am trying to not go unless i have to. somone please help if you can.
can depression be inherited?
what is the difeerence between isopropyl alcohol and ethyl alcohol and which one is best?
can you have your period and miss it the next month. we had unprotected sex on my very fertile day we haven't been together since then. the test said no but i missed my period last month and i haven't had a my period yet
what about co-infection with hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus?
can genital herpes be transmitted through oral sex? . i am a woman with genital herpes. can my partner get it from performing oral sex on me? can i give it to him while performing oral sex on him?
i keep getting sinus drainage that leads to a full-blown cold. why cant i get a shot of penicillin anymore?
i have had diarria for a month. had a colon test.
how is anemia related to lead poisoning treated?
what happens to someone when they get influenza?
how do the new recommendations for pap smears benefit patients?
how long does adderall stay in your urine. for a person that is about  and a person whose  lbs
could my ankle ligament be torn again? .  years ago i had ankle reconstructive surgery for a torn ligament about a year ago i fell down a stair and rolled my ankle like i originally did that tore my ankle. i still am struggling with constant pain could it be torn again?
what are types of resistance exercise?
i was shaking and dripping with sweat feeling like my insides was going to come out?
my weight has hit a plateau. what do i do?
is taking melatonin better than benadryl for sleep. combat marine poor sleep for more than  years. am taking  of benadryl and may sleep has greatly improved.
sweating profusely muscle cramps low blood pressure (/) and dizziness are these signs of heat exhaustion?
can an antihistamine allergy pill be taken with high blood pressure medication?
frequent medication for urinary tract infections leads to cancer?
we had intercourse the  and  and ovulated the  when did i get pregnant
what happens if i dont do the sinus surgery the dr said i need. my left side sinus is totally blocked. dr said i need surgery. he tried to do in his office but sais it was to blocked to do so it have to be deeper surgery. what happens if i don't do it. surgery gonna cost  -  .
how likely is it to inherit hypoglycemia if type  diabetes runs in the family?
how long does the syphilis antibody stay in the blood?
had an abortion sep  i am now  weeks pregnant. any chance at all this could be the same pregnancy?
can a woman get pregnant using the withdrawal method of birth control?
how long will i have to wear braces?
my friend  months pregnant and a drug addict is it safe to just stop using when shes this far long? . she uses cocaine frequently
how long does it take for a girl to get pregnant? . i had unprotected sex i took the after pill the next day. . do you think i'll still end up pregnant?
can a hernia cause rectal bleeding?
what are the symptoms of aids?
when is it safe to feed kids hot sauce? . my two year old daughter took some food from my plate that had hot sauce on it. she decided that she really liked it and wanted more. she was even trying to get me to add more hot sauce to it. i don't want to deny her something she likes but at the same time i don't want to harm her either.
i was diagnosed with epilepsy im not sure of this diagnosis?
am i allergic to bee stings by getting a high fever and dizziness. i recently got stung by a bee or wasp and that day i was fine but the next day i had a fever of .  and dizziness with no breathing problems or throat issues and i have gotten stung in the past with no symptoms. so can you become allergic to be as you get older and with the fact that i had no breathing problems makes me wonder. can anyone help with my questions. thank you
is sex part of an overall healthy life and a sign of a healthy heart?
what is ringworm of the scalp?
what makes people burp?
how do i pull back my tight foreskin? . hi i have not been able to pull back my foreskin for a long time. i have only just thought that it is not normal. i'm  and when i go to pull it back i can't it hardly retracts there is just a tiny hole where i can see some of my glans. is there a way that i can cure this without going to see a doctor as i don't want to feel embarrassed i havent even told my mum. any advice would be appreciated thanks in advance
does medicare or tricare help cover walk in bathtubs for handicap people?
is my ankle broken. saturday i was tumbling & when i landed my right ankle was rolled & my left foot landed just above my right ankle it's bruised where my left foot landed on it when i walk the pain is on the outside of my right ankle but while sitting my entire ankle hurts both inside outside & front & an achey and throbbing pain radiates up into my calf & into my foot also my inner right ankle is very tender to the touch. i iced it the first  nights but the pain when icing was unbearable i stopped icing it
i am  and i had unprotected sex but no cum anywhere period is three days late what does this mean? . i have had all the symptoms of period cramping moody everything like that. and i am very stressed out about college and work and stuff like that. i just hope im not pregnant. i can't be.
i m  year   height guy my bone mass n strength not imprving even i have taken all calcium also do gym daily
how important is the location of a burn?
what is a safe easy quick way to remove marijuana from your system if you just found out you were pregnant?
my wife kept taking primolut-n even after pregnancy is there a problem?
period in june n in july spotting  negative tests but all symptoms possible pregnant. had my last period / my fiancé and i been tryoing he came home / then / had pressure and bright red spotting been craving doritos took  tests all negative but been having a;; the symptoms can i be pregnant i hope so we really want to be
can my anxious and jittery feelings be the result of changing from the brand name effexor to the generic?
can your diet help keep your skin looking younger?
contagious period for cold. i have been sick with a cold off and on for about  months. the last time i got sick was about week ago. i am going to visit my sister and her newborn. is it safe to do so?
my problem is i am always feeling fatigued in the late afternoon and evening as if i am ready to fall asleep?
extreme thirst urinating every - min for  hours straight. headache. vomitted  times in past  hours. no fever. help!
can scapies be caught from exercise equipment? . i have a rash that started on the back of my knees. i looks and feels like poison oak. severe itching and the bumps have a clear liquid inside. it has since spread to the groin genitial anal cavity arms and fingers to include palm. it also feels like i have small bumps on my lips that don't itch but burn a little feel like chapped lips. i went to the doctor and with a quick look he said he wasn't sure what it was but will treat it like scabies. is there any other rash this could be? 
what is the treatment for a large skin pinch blood blister?
can your lungs be ruptured if you cracked a rib?
can i get shingles if i had the chickenpox vaccine and not the disease? . i never got the chickenpox as a kid; i got the vaccine instead. is it possible for me to get shingles since i've never actually had the disease?
what do i need to give my  year old toddler for runny nose watery eyes and slight headache?
are there disadvantages to drinking fruits and vegetables from a blender instead of eating them as they are? . if i ate all the fruits and veggies i should it would take a lot of time every day to wash them cut off/out the inedible parts and chew them. i must sound desperately lazy but i'd love to save time by washing and trimming - days' worth of produce at once throwing it all in a blender and drinking it over the next four days. would i digest produce less thoroughly if i drank it instead of chewing and salivating? would the puree lose any nutrients sitting in the fridge for a few days? thanks!
i have perimenapause can u get pregnant i took test and two lines appeared what to do
is levoquin for viral bronchitis? . i just left the hospital being diagnosed with viral bronchitis. i see on levoquin is not for viral? concerned
my boyfriend has bump on head headaches fever and urination problems with pus?
what can cause spotted blurred vision that sometimes brings on a headache in someone with no hypertension?
my grandma hasnt slept in  days she has bronchitis?
can simvistatin cause high blood pressure?
my husband works full time but can't afford to add me on his health insurance. i also work part time and can't afford the insurance so how would i find a plan for myself that i can afford?
is dental extraction dangerous for a fifty year old
how will i know whether i have high blood pressure?
vaginal discharge that appears white on underwear but is yellowish on tissue itching burning general discomfort help? . the burning just started a day two ago but there is constant discharge and it appears white in the opening and kinda dries and chunks together on underwear but when wiped with a tissue without urinating it appears to have a yellow tint. i have never had a yeast infection so i am not sure if i have one or not.
how do l deal with pain from gall bladder infection or gallstones
what is postpartum depression?
early pregnancy symptoms neg hpt started heavy bleeding and cramping  weeks late. could i be pregnant? . i've been experiencing just about every pregnancy symptom possible: nausea at same time every day sore nipple with raised bumps on ariola tightening feeling in pelvic area fatigue spotting clearish/whitish discharge for about  weeks. took pregnancy test  days after unprotected sex and  days after expected period. negative. today i started cramping and bleeding heavily  days late for expected period. should i be concerned? could i still be pregnant?
if your diagnosed as having a stroke in a clinic should they send you home and tell you to see your doctor th next day? . my mom lives in the boonies after being numb on her whole right side she went in to a walk in clinic. they did an mri ultrasound and ekg they said she had a stroke and sent her home and told her to visit her doctor the next day. are they crazy? or am i being overprotective. she is still numb and is having a bad headache
on the pill - yrs stopped for  mo & wonder if using them for - mo's will affect my fertility when i try to conceive. i plan to try & conceive in the next year or . i took the pill for  years consistently & have not been taking it for least - months. i am wondering if i should be worried about any negative effects from using the pill (low-dose version) for a few months or off & on for - months. will using the pill off & on have any negative consequences when it comes to my fertility ( yrs old) it did take me quite a while ( ~- months at least) to return to normal cycles after stopping the pill.
can a girl get pregnant with an unsevered hymen? . if you ejaculate a small amount of semen on the outside of a vagina of a virgin girl and she wipes her vagina off afterwards and takes a shower can she still get pregnant and what are the chances?
i suffer with headaches/migraines frequently
what is the best way to condition my skin before a cosmetic procedure?
what does a .  mean in a high density lipoprotein test result?
is there anything i can do/take to help heal my sore throat? . the right side of my throat has been swollen and sore for over  weeks. i went to the er they said it was just viral pharyngitis but did a strep test anyway and it came back negative. it started to get better but now today my throat is completely swollen (still only on the right side) like you can't even see the opening on that side and it's difficult for me to eat drink and to talk because of the pain and my words are all slurred. i've been taking  ibuprofen for pain every - hours.
how likely are you to get pregnant with premature ejaculation?
should one get vaccinated for shingles again in  or  years as a booster provided shingles does not present itself
what is a normal temp for a baby with temporal thermometer and ear thermomenter
im  trying to get pregnant for the past  years. havnt had period since dec   test pregnancy test shows negative
i needed the toilet but instead of stool there was a lot of blood?
my daughter faints usually happens when she is taking a shower. tests did not show anything to explain it.
does vicks inhaler contain any antihistamine?
spirometry testlast resort!
i am  years old my doctor has confirmed breast nodules. should i worry that my dr. ordered both a mamm and ultrasound? . i have been told the ultrasound is usually ordered based on the mammogram results. i wondered if it was cause for concern that he was shotgunning them both at once same day one after the other.
is there a safe breast enlagement supplement
what are some reasons an already scheduled ct scan would be cancelled following lab work? . i have what initially felt like (and what my doctor thought was) an intestinal infection. she scheduled me for a ct scan and sent me over for urinalysis and bloodwork. the radiology department left me a message today stating that my appointment had been cancelled due to lab results. aside from pregnancy are there are any conditions that would show up on ua/bloodwork labs that would keep me from getting a ct scan?
for the last month i have had pain on both sides of my ribs on the back side?
can i get hiv by using infected towel?
could i have had a miscarriage? . i had extreme lower back pain and stomach pain for a week. yesterday morning i had brown spotting then nothing until last night when i had extreme pain in my lower back and stomach then a weird looking blood clot came out and i still had extreme pain after. there is a chance i could have been pregnant. i had a weird feeling for bout a week. really tired.
my wife is pregnant ( weeksish) and our daughter has chicken pox. how much should they avoid eachother? . wife had chicken pox when she was a child. . . . daughter ( years old) had a vaccine when she was younger.
i have a fissured tongue went to my local doctorhe dismissed me?
i frequently poop my pants accidentally. please help me
what's the best exercise to tone up the buttocks?
how long do i need to take protonix before i see any relief? do any of the ppis work any faster?
what is the typical adult dosage of lamictal (lamotrigine) for bipolar depression? . i am a  yr old woman and weigh about . i am currently on  ( /day) of lexapro and have recently titrated up to  of lamotrigine. i have been diagnosed with anxiety and manic depression. lexapro did not have as much effect on me compared to when i first started taking it. this then led to me being prescribed lamotrigine. is this combination effective in treating my disorders? am i on too much? are there any other medications that are known to be effective? . thank you.
is lisinopril a beta blocker?
is shingles a bacterial skin infection
i took chantix for a couple of weeks and then stopped. can i use my old pack from a couple of months ago?
my mother is in extreme pain for a detached rotator cuff but suffers from heart problems and taking medication?
 weeks ago i got a sinus infection. zithromax helped thin the mucus but the congestion has lingered. what can i do?
"i have strong urine smell and a tail- like protrusion from my anus. what does this mean? . i am  and i am  pounds and i am '"". i also realize that i drink a little amount of water. i noticed this thing on my anus about a month ago. it was small but has grown larger into the tail-like thing that it is. it also curves to the left if that is of any use. my feces has been small lumps lately which is unusual for me. the tail-like thing isn't painful and i have no blood in my stool. it will sometimes be hard but also become soft. i don't know what this could mean."
i develop sinusitis and severe cough in winter. i also have hair fall problem. kindly advise.
ive been diagnosed with anemia?
what does systemic lupus erythematosus look like?
i was diagnosed with restless leg syndrome i feel the urge in my legs to move and stretch them almost all the time?
what happens if you drink coffee and took non-drowsy cold medicine?
suspected to have a lung cancer fine needle biopsy found a few atypical cells and no malignant cells?
had pulmonary heart failure taking statins i now think statin drugs would probably kill me before my heart would?
what exams and tests help doctors to evaluate or test people for migraine headaches?
flesh colored birth mark now has discoloration and multiple small black moles is it cancer?
i started having a burning uncomfortable pain in my right flank area?
do you think it is safe for young babies to receive x-rays?
everytime i make out with this guy i get a sore throat the next day. this guy smokes and doesn't eat healthy. he is sort of a fling and so occasionally we'll get together. we make out a lot so could there be something tranferred when we kiss that makes me have a sore throat the next day?
can you get pregnant by giveing head
i am currently  days late for my period.  negative hpts. with hormonal symptoms. could i still be pregnant? . my last cycle was //. my fiance and i are not currently using any methods of birth control. i do have some symptoms; sore and tender breasts- especially close to the nipple nausea in the morning- but i've had a similar issue in the past from stress. newer symptoms have occurred lower abdomen discomfort; almost like a sore muscle and it hurts to lay on my stomach for long periods of time. i've also had strange bouts of dizziness. could i be pregnant?
is there a medicine or supplement that has similar results as bariatrica surgery
is it safe to take trazodone with exforge blood pressure medicine?
diagnosed with patella alta ratio .  is surgery only option?
pregnancy scare from pre-cum day after period ended. unprotected sex with girlfriend. should we consider plan b? . my girlfriend and i had unprotected sex the day after her period ended. before i had ejaculated about  minutes prior to our fornication. i urinated before the unprotected sex but am still worried about the pregnancy roaks associated with pre cum. should we consider plan b?
how many hours into cold or flu can we infect others? is it safe to say that after  hrs we don't have to worry? . this is an unusual cold/flu that puts you in bed for the first  days and then your energy is zapped! i don't want to give it to my grandchild! how long do i need to wait? . is it possible for family members to keep passing it back & forth to each other for weeks?
i have had my period three times in the last month and am on birth control could this be natural or should i be worried. the cycle does not follow my normal cycle normally it lasts only a few days and is light. through this is lasts - days at a time and is often very heavy.
how does the affordable care act affect those treated through the va?
i had a stage  endometriosis doctors say my uterus is damaged?
if i have hiv and get the flu and go to the dr. should i start the meds he gives me right away or can i wait? . if i receive medication from my doctor can i wait to receive it from a mail order pharmacy or should i feel it right away?
i take trinsicon and have a problem with stomach upset. ive taken it with food and on an empty stomach. what can i do?
do i have melanoma. how likely is it that this is melanoma?
my husband and i split our time between residences in two states sc and nj. will there be any health insurance exchanges that will be countrywide?
what organ controls blood pressure. what organ regulates our blood pressure causing it to rise or lower?
would like to know the pros and cons of lexapro vs st johns for anxiety (meds vs herbs) thnx
what could be wrong with my liver? . i went for an ultrasound earlier this week as i have been having symptoms that have progressed for two months (loss of appetite vomiting diarrhea (sometimes bloody) fatigue abdominal pain and cramping). they found two black spots on my liver and are sending me for more testing (an mri). i heard it could be fatty liver disease; but that usually occurs with the obese and people who drink a lot. . im a  year old female.  pound; '. i live a very healthy lifestyle (exercising and diet
after exercising for over  year i now see dark spots and feel light headed when exercising. do i keep up or not?
if you do not have copd but the er thinks you do and treat you accordingly can that adversly affect your breathing? . mom had an infarcted bowl took days for them to find it i told the er she had copd although she had no trouble breathing on her own except for one incident and was at that time diagnosed w/ copd. she never took oxygen or any breathing aids after the diagnosis but since she was diagnosed i told the er. when she died they put the  cause of death as breathing failure. septic shock infarcted bowl and heart failure i think were in there as  and . .
what should i do for heavy bleeding following i-pill?
do you believe anyone can sing with practice? . good things definitely come in small packages! meet iris campo and up and coming singer songwriter and drummer! born in spain this talented little number landed in montreal early on and her musical debut. though faced with many obstacles throughout her career she always came out strong and on top. discover iris and check out her video on how she follows the #iamdynamite movement in her day to day life. . <link>
head hit hook in barn acting strange
my dad had a problem with breathing and he has a cold skin he's  yearsold. what should we do? (sorry for my bad english)
is it normal to pass fart and then start having diarrhea?
will be ovulating next week tips? !? . hello i am trying to conceive. i need any tips and the best day to have intercourse. my last period started the  and is just about finished. i checked my ovulation calendar and it says my fertile days are the  -  and i will be ovulating on the . but i checked a different calendar and it says totally different days. does anyone know when i should be about ovulating and when i should have intercourse? please help i'm trying to have a mini me <positive_smiley> <positive_smiley> <positive_smiley>
low carb diet cause high pottasium?
how can taste impact the quality of my sleep?
what options are best for people with hyperthyroidism?
we have this patient whos veins on upper and lower extremities are no longer accessible due to multiple peripheral insertion?
can heartburn cause uric acid
where can i find the list of active and inactive ingredients for valtrex and its generic version?
can i take imodium daily for reoccurring diarrhea?
does taking prednsolone change the antibodies you have already acquired for an old herpes  infection?
are sharp pains in your leg and lower region normal during pregnancy?
if a man is dieting exercising at least  to  times a week having ed having a hard time losing weight. low t?
can an mri tell if you had a stroke?
im  for the past  years i haven't had my cycle. every now and then i show signs of spotting but no actual blood. i only show signs only in the summer time maybe for like a week or so. recently i tried to get pregnant but never could we tried many time for the past  years what can i do and what kind of doctor can i see because i don't want to be on birth control since i think that's where my problem started. please help
is there evidence that statins increase life expectancy for people without heart disease?
can shingles be prevented with a vaccine?
how does touch impact my sleep?
now a days the technology hs bcame much advanced den hw ther is no cure for this silly herpes? . as i searched in webmd there is no cure for herpes! now a days the technology hs bcame much advanced den hw ther is no cure for this silly herpes?
can adults get croup?
my son takes benadryl for his food allergies. it works but he ends up being so spacy. anything non-drowsy i could try?
what symptoms are typical in a person who is getting rid of a cold but needs amoxicillin? i've had dark yellow mucous. i'm currently getting rid of a cold with a sore throat runny nose and now coughing with a bit of warmness in my body but with dark yellow mucous from my nose and now my throat when coughing. would it be advisable to take amoxicillin  mg for  days? i'm  and don't want to jeopardize my own immunity in any way but i don't want this infection to affect my lungs or potentially lead to my heart in which i've had an open heart surgery when i was very young (asd valve). thanks for your input.
my spn is  years old due to go to full time school reception in january . his teacher along with a senco teacher said to me that they feel that he may have autism. the reason they gave were he does not always look at them when they are talking to him he may do group work for  minutes then he is not interested and gets distracted by things around him. and he cannot ride a bike. firstly i have not taught him to ride a bike so hence why he cannot and he has not taught himself. they say he can read knows colours shapes alphabet numbers all the names of the children in his class if they put something up they think he cannot read he can. he doesn't hold his pen properly. he can hold conversations with children and adults i potty trained him in a month aug  he asked for things says please and thank you. gives me direct eye contact when i talk to him or anyone family based. only when he is excited he flaps his hands. at  i think he is on point for his age. what do u think
i've been eating salads(no cheese) okra and asparagus and drinking about - of water/day and constipated. i'm not sure what else to do. i eat vegetables(brocoli spinach asparagus okra pickles cucumbers tomatoes) and egg whites with a drop of olive oil and i drink tons of water. i mean i drink a lot of water. i weigh  and drink between - a day. i exercise regularly and don't drink. i go for - without pooping and then i will have a painful hard poop the size of a newborn baby. any advice? . i'm also very bloated and pee all of the time.
i get angry at the littlest things. whenever someone touches me in angry way i blow up. hugging caressing anything. whenever my mother tries to get close to me i blow up. this isn't only with her but with everyone. whenever anyone tries to hug me i'll blow up and become absolutely enraged. i get angry at little things. even if someone close brushes against my on accident i get extremely angry. i often have homicidal thoughts. i haven't been diagnosed with anything other then depression and anxiety and i've only been seeing medical help for roughly a month so i haven't ruled out other mental illnesses.
i can't find  strain flu vaccine in columbus oh. should we get high dose now or when will  strain vaccine be out? . who offers the  strain flu vaccine?
i have some kidney stones in my bladder. causing much pain and discomfort. going to dr. this week. what can he do? . i had a ct scan and it showed  kidney stones in the kidney and also some that are in the bladder. i keep having uti's and my md thinks it is because of the kidney stones trapped in the bladder. i can't figure how they can get those to pass. is this rare? i haven't ever heard of this.
what is extensively drug-resistant (xdr) tuberculosis?
had a period in april spotted may no period june and nothing for july yet. took a hpt  ago negative. pregnant? . had sex recently gained weight during this time and very bad stomach ache  day for the last two months. had cramping with no period
if ive had a melanoma before how can i help prevent myself from getting another?
i have diabetes and ra and i like to do  k walks. i am fine but my feet hurt so bad it slows me down. what can i do? . i am not out of breath and i do not have cramping. my major problems are foot and ankle pain. will different shoes help? how will i know which ones to buy?
i suffer from social anxiety and overanalyze situations that are out of my control. can you offer some suggestions?
can a girl get pregnant from precum the day after her period then taking the morning after pill. i had sex with my gf twice this weekend. once on sat night and once sun morning. i did not use a condom nor did i cum inside of her. she just got off her period the day before we had sex. i was worried so i had her take the morning after pill. she also took the morning after pill last month for the same incident. should she be ok not getting pregnant since i didnt cum inside her and she took the pill?
my husband has a pulse oz of  after walking. would using  hurt him?
rash on buttocks by sitting at the beach- sand fleas cutaneous larva migrans?
what happens to your bones during pregnancy and breastfeeding?
what should be the nurse's first action before administering an enema?
should a  year old girl wear a girdle
my dermatologist prescribed me minocycline for my acne. before i take the medicine i wanted to know if it really works.
why did my period stop? how can i get it to start again? . i'm  years old and haven't had my period in  months although they have never been regular. i'm sexually active but have been with the same partner for  years. i don't use birth control but the home pregnancy tests are negative. i've always been around  lbs which hasn't changed. i haven't had excessive hair growth or acne. i don't workout excessively; work was stressful for a period but this has subsided recently. should i be concerned? are there any home remedies?
can i take lortab if i have tachycardia. i have back pain really bad to the point where i can't even walk. i was wondering if i can take lortab even if i was told i had tachycardia?
do testosterone injections cause weight gain
i had a epidural for pain today in my lumbar i have started to feel worse?
im really confused what can cause my cholesterol to get that high!
what is porphyria?
sprained two fingers fractured the bones used a splint for  weeks now both fingers are swollen and stiff. fell on my right hand and bent two fingers back waited two weeks and then went in for an x-ray that showed both fingers were fractured wore a buddy wrap splint for a month. now the splint has been off for a week and both fingers are still very swollen and stiff.
i'm nineteen yet my hair is graying breaking and falling out. i feel i need to see a doctor but of what variety? . i have a long family history of hypothyroidism but i was checked not all that long ago and found not to have any problems. in addition to my hair my skin is worse than it's ever been somehow both dry and oily at the same time. my nails also have white specks on them. all the web forums i've read seem to indicate nutritional issues but my diet isn't all that bad. i have no idea how to approach this or what to do - or if i need do anything.
how seriously shoud i take a peck to the eye? . i was holding a chicken and it pecked my eye. there's no visible scratch but it's painful to blink sometimes my vision is blurry (but manageable; i can make out objects easily) and looking at a white light or lcd screen for more than a few minutes hurts. every half hour or so my eye will water up and the pain in my eye gets worse. also my nose has started to run which isn't really normal considering i don't have any allergies. is this something i need to see a doctor about right away?
is losing weight common while on on the depo provera shot?
i have swimmers ear cyprodex doesnt work?
i don't have health insurance yet. will an emergency room visit help me get a replacement coap mask. mine is broken
can you get hives from being pregnant and stressed out. is this really the cause for the hives? ob/gyn says it is. . my daughter is pregnant stressed out and doctor gave her  wellbutrin to take daily. been on it  weeks now she has hives and doctor told her stress and pregnancy cause hives? (it's not the wellbutrin he says?
can u get a ear ache with the flu. with sharp stabbing pain
what is episodic therapy for genital herpes?
cause of elbow pain? . about a week ago i hit my elbow on a piece of furniture. ever since my lower elbow causes me pain whenever i fully extend my arm pick up an item more than probably  pounds or if i apply pressure to a bent arm (doing a pushup for example). i am trying to get in shape for the military and would like to continue working out as soon as possible. thanks in advance.
how do i keep from waking up hungry? . i usually eat dinner between  and  at night but i'm always ravenously hungry when i wake up (between - on weekdays and - on weekends). sometimes i even wake up and struggle to get back to sleep due to hunger. i eat protein with every meal and eat several small meals a day the largest always being dinner in hopes of not waking up hungry. it's not a thyroid problem i've had that tested twice in the past  years and i'm  pounds overweight (failing to lose weight for  years now).
i have a pacemaker. i want a medicare supplement. what are the rules that apply to me? . are they required to accept me and where do i find my choices?
i had radiation therapy and chemotherapy for stage  cervical cancer is it possible my ovaries werent completely fried and im ovulating again?
the doctor prescribed augmentin es for my sons ear infection & cough. it was left unrefrigerated at night. is it safe?
i am  and take depo provera and i have no periods. how will i know if i am going through menopause? . i have been on depo provera for  years. my doctor doesn't want me to have the injections anymore. i am wondering how long will it take for me to start my periods again after all this time or will my body naturally begin going into menopause.
is there an effective fda approved treatment for hyperhidrosis (the hands in particular) in children ( yrs. )?
do i need to take plan b? the condom broke last night. i'm supposed to get my period / (these are regular). i'm . i track my cycle on an app (i realize this is not foolproof but i am diligent about inputting the correct start/end dates of my period which is regular and typically matches up with the app). . i last ovulated on april . i'm supposed to get my next period on may . also i recently turned  years old. i've taken plan b before (about a year ago) and would rather not take it again but i'm wondering if that's the wise decision. your advice is greatly needed and appreciated! thank you!
can my partner of  months get herpes if i have no present out break since? . i was diagnosed with genital herpes in  and had only one visible outbreak since then i have never seen any visible outbreaks or any signs of it. my partner of  months would get it if i never had no outbreaks but had unprotected sex?
i had an embolism on the right side of the base of my scull am i headed for another embo?
 weeks pregnant now have pink discharge?
back pain for a month now ct scan shows no stone nothing seems to help?
is it ok to fast while taking coumadin?
what is paget's disease?
i am about seven weeks pregnant and have started to leak a clear substance. could it be amniotic fluid?
i have miliary tb for last  months and on standard medication. but fever is not going away even after  months. what can i expect. how long?
hello i am an african anerican male who had an unprotected sexual encounter about five months ago. odds of hiv? . hello i am an african anerican male who had an unprotected sexual encounter about five months ago. she cut my penis with her teeth then we had unprotected sex for about  minute. sometime later we discovered she was bleeding. i've started experiencing these symptoms after a caffiene detox. also i've experienced an itchy anus i also have a cut above that pesky and just won't heal. i work out pretty hard. i've cut my caffiene intake by /. the symptoms i have are diarrhea as well as fatigue.
can taking baths cause vaginal sores? . a week ago me and my boyfriend had sex for the first time (i was a virgin). that weekend i was exposed to the flu and was prescribed tamiflu. a few days later i thought that i had a yeast infection so i got medicine for it. now i have sores on my vagina. i've been taking baths lately and sitting in the tub for a little while. my mom said she thinks it could be from me baths or the tamiflu. can these things cause sores?
i really want to start having children but dont want to rely on birth control to regulate my cycle?
i am convinced i have celiacs is there another way i can seek a diagnosis?
i have swimmers ear cyprodex doesnt work?
can recurrent uti be caused by holding urine in for long?
do wearing socks protect against athlete's foot?
i am  (female) and have not excercised in years. is it too late to start and also see results? . is there such a thing as toning flabby areas at my age?
i had my tubes tied  years ago but i have been expriencing serious pain in my lower left side could i be pregnant? . my menstrual ended on -- i've been having intercourse every day and today which is the  the pain started should i go to the emergency room?
what are some treatments an individual can do at home for the flu?
nail through my thumb tetanus not up to date no insurance er costs too much can i wait  hours for dr for booster?
what is crohns disease?
i had heard that one of the ingredients in premarin is urine from pregnant mares. is this true?
will a doctor even perform a sonogram  days from sexual conception? . ex gfriend sent me a pic of a sonogram she said was taken  days after we had sex showing a very visible yoke sac and tiny fetus connected to the side of it.
ive been having left chest and shoulder pain and now severe left flank pain possible kidney damage?
do i have strep throat or an std? . i had unprotected sex over the weekend. the very next day i woke up to white stuff around my outer lips that continued to come back even after i wiped it away. its  days later now and i woke up with my throat hurting. when i looked inside my mouth there was white stuff on my tonsil and back of throat (i think even a pimple looking cyst maybe. ) my had a little bit of white stuff around the outer ring of my lips and my lips were also swollen (like if i had a allergic reaction. )
i believe i have a fish bone stuck in my throat do i need to see my doctor and can i wait until office opens tomorrow? . ate fish this past thursday. i am constantly aware of the discomfort. swallowing is more uncomfortable with the end of my swallow. i feel the sensation at the back of my throat to about  inches below the back of my jaw on the right side.
can breast get bigger from working with infants if you are not nor have you ever been pregnant? . i'm wondering if it is at all possible for my breast to become bigger just by working with infants : holding feeding changing etc. i haven't gained weight elsewhere & i had my period  weeks ago. the only change in my routine is working with infants. i've read online forums some stating it is indeed possible but then others saying that it's ridiculous. anyone that can help give me a little insight i would be very appreciative!
how soon can a child return to school after starting tobramycin for conjunctivitis
i was having dark and thickened spots in my finger skin for few months. now its started to crackle?
why can i see my bladder or uterus coming out of my vagina
my husband has stomach cancer he refused treatment now he is unable to eat solid food?
why take both felodipine er and lisinopril hctz for high blood pressure? what is the difference.
do you need to take prenatal vitamins your whole pregnancy? . im  months pregnant im just wondering if it is safe to stop taking my vitamins now or should i keep taking them
my husband and i have been trying to get pregnant and i out of nowhere started a period could i be miscarrying? . i have been having to do fertility treatments since november due to not ovulating and the treatments worked for the first time this month and i was given an hcg shot and i actually was able to ovulate. i haven't had a period without medical help for a while now and all of a sudden yesterday i start a period and it is black more clotting than normal and very heavy. for a little over a week now i have been having small cramps and feeling sick today i woke up vomiting could i be miscarrying?
what kind of after care should i expect from my cosmetic surgeon?
my husband smokes marijuana but i do not. is it possible for me to fail a drug test due to daily exposure to his semen? . we do not use condoms and he does not pull out as i am on the pill and we have a monogamous marriage.
do i really have to exercise  minutes a day?
gp changed meds  months agomy life has turned into hell
i am .  weeks pregnant and i'm not as hungry as i was in my  trimester (very). is this worrisome? . during my first three months i was constantly hungry and eating constantly (at night as well). i probably gained  pounds by the end of my first trimester. now i am much less hungry maybe eating less than i was before i got pregnant. should i be worried about the baby's development?
how do i recover from excess saliva production?
my son  years old has swollen and red hands. he was picking up a sand bag yesterday is this a sign of brusing?
what is the difference in norethindrone .  azurette and loestrin birth control pills?
is it dangerous for my infant grandchild to be exposed to shingles?
for  months now i have had severe nausea. cant hold anything down?
is a five inch penis normal for a  year old. it that normal
ive had rapid breast growth want breast reduction surgery what age should i typically get this surgery?
i have a lump/bump on my nut sack. what is it and what should i do? . it is sometimes painful
i have a big headache and i'm pregnant. what over-the-counter medicine can i take that will be safe?
how to get pregnant with an irregular period.  years of age have had pid for a few years got rid of it about  years ago. boyfriend very active and healthy as am i. also my right ovary does have cist and has for approx - years i have also had gallbladder sergury what could be a possible solution or way to try and get my family going? .
can i get a flu shot if i have an infection but not taking anitibiotics?
i wanted to know if these symptoms could be something serious? . if i have symptoms of feeling like i am drunk but have not drank alcohol and been feeling noxious and have not been eating well had a slight fever and massive head aches no appetite even the smell of food makes me want to vomit what could that be a sign of?
who do i call about mesentric artery stenosis? what are the symptoms? my dads sister has it and i have hypertension. stomach pain like electrocuting shocks
my husband was diagnosed with metabolic disorder and high blood pressure. . his employer pays $ toward his health insurance costs of $/month. he is . we just can't afford these rates any longer plus co-pays etc. no prescription coverage. we pray he will qualify for new insurance. we lost our business  years ago and are building a new career. we are trying to hold on to our home. i am disabled and receive disability.
how much second hand smoke do you breathe at an average cigar bar? . my significant other works  days a week at a cigar bar each shift - hours. the place is ventilated but still somewhat smokey throughout the day. as a non-smoker i am highly concerned about the amount of chemicals she is breathing throughout the day. what are the real risks associated with this work environment? there are roughly  cigars smoked per hour in about  sq feet. about how many equivalent packs of cigarettes a day is she taking in second hand as a form of measurement?
diagnosed with common variable immune deficiency (cvid) recurrent pneumonia and jaundice what are consequences?
i have heard about fraxel or fractional lasering. is this really very safe? how does this differ from thermage?
after being rimmed i noticed blood on my underware and tissues when i whipped what are the chances of contracting hiv. i had an encounter one week ago the person was hiv positive i sucked him and we had deep french kissing i have a healthy mouth and i did not brush before the encounter the problem is that he started rimming me for a brief while less than a minute we did not have any penetration we ended by masturbation when i went home i found blood on my underwear and when i whipped my ass too i am terrified what are the chances that i could have got the virus from his saliva or if he had blood in his saliva
what is nigrostriatal degeneration as it relates to parkinson's disease?
is it safe to take an antihistamine while taking ms contin and rapaflo?
what should i do if i suspect an overdose of infant's advil?
can smoking cigarettes cause dehydration?
sore throat that will not go away told its not strep. i went to the doctor because of a bad sore throat they gave me a swob test and said it was not strep so i am confused as to what it could be the back of my throat is red the left side is white and theright side has little bumps on them the doctor said it was viral and would go away soon but it has been two weeks what could it be? the pain goes from a  to a  and always goes back and forth i am unsure what it could be
i got spinal meningitis which affected my legs and hands with a lot of edema to where i could not even walk?
i dislocated my toe doctor wants to have pin surgery need second opinion?
my foot is swollen only at the front of the foot not at the ankle. it is now very painful difficulty walking?
i am anyday getting my period i have signs of being pregnant today i feel i am going to start my period am i pregnant?
how does flu spread?
experiencing fever cold sweats chills fatigue burning eyes and a deep pain in my mid section
can a pap smear indicate uterine fibroids
my friend  months pregnant and a drug addict is it safe to just stop using when shes this far long? . she uses cocaine frequently
ive been diagnosed with anemia?
right hand was crushed/squeezed with limited motion  metacarpal is broke?
i had a microbe in my lungs that caused me strong fever and fast heart beats?
how is a sinus infection diagnosed?
can acetaminophen or ibuprofen be taken for a sore throat while taking seizure medication?
can blu light prevent future skin cancers
how does liver damage occur in hepatitis c infection?
if i yawn the crackling in my ear is not so loud and sometimes goes can i get this to clear up please. you have stated it could be due to my eustachian tubes causing it or it could be wax. i recently swam in water in a swimming pool which was not clean. my ear blocked up after and when i swallow i often hear a crackling noise. i have used ear drops which have helped. however i would like to clear it up some more please. many thanks. sheila.
why is my son losing weight and not even trying. my son is losing weight even though he has tried to keep his weight at a certain level. can you tell me why he could be losing weight?
i fractured my spine now have vision problems?
can energy drinks hurt my  year old who has adhd and bicuspid aortic heart disease? . my son was diagnosed at  years old with adhd within  months he was diagnosed with bicuspid aortic heat disease. he has had problems in the past where his heart would be beating rapidly and he would lose consciousness and was made to wear a halter monitor for a month. they said it was anxiety and stress caused episodes.
are there any supplements that can help improve my  year old's early-stage lcpd (legg calves perthes disease)?
i am . how can i prevent the deep lines i have from getting worse?
are there alternative treatments for genital herpes?
does my child have adhd?
can simvistatin cause high blood pressure?
why do doctors call it heartburn if it has nothing to do with the heart?
can pre-cum get you pregnant while on your period? . wanting to know if i could be pregnant even if my bf pulled out while i was bleeding. i just had a baby two months ago on may  and its july  and i've been bleeding ever since i had my baby so i don't know if its my period or not. so i'm just concerned about everything. and really wanting to know if i can get pregnant with pre cum even though i'm still bleeding.?
 days post op for hysterectomy been running low grade fever and now light vagional bleeding. is this normal? . also pain in rectal area. saw nurse  days post op. no concerns about fever unless over . fever has not been over . no drainage from incision healing well externally.
my drug test for a new company position came up looking like i bought some yhing from the head shop. and i did not why
dark spots appear on my kids skin no fever or any changes on his health?
i am a  year old female who has adhd and ocd adderall is causing some problems?
how can i control my cravings?
i want to have a clear upper lip and underarms. which hair removal treatment is the best?
my son is  days in icu is it normal to cure infection for so long after suboccipital surgery?
can shingles flare back up once you finish antiviral medications. i was diagnosed with shingles on my scalp on sept.  . i was prescribed famciclovir  mg  daily. i just finished the medication on oct.   and i have noticed that there seems to be new areas on my scalp that are beginning to itch and new blisters when scratched - brings me out of my skin so to speak. could another dose of famciclovir be helpful? or needed.
what do i do for bp <negative_smiley>
